Based on the reviews for dinner , this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that , but definitely not for Dim Sum again .
The food is amazing ... especially if you get the Chef &apos;s tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they &apos;ve skipped my order .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest .. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne ... got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed ... lol
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach , the Shanghai low mein , and other attractions .
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno @-@ lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish &apos;s sweetness .
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices .
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
But who says Murray &apos;s is anything about service .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
So , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order , but once the food is ordered , you are in for a treat .
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a &apos; special &apos; bagel experience .
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS .
Had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~ $ 55.00 , not including tip .
Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike , a great name for a joint if ever I saw one .
THe perfect spot .
The setting is casual and romantic .
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced .
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit .
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , I can &apos;t wait !
Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i &apos;ve ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
Sushi wasn &apos;t anything spectacular for the price .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
Always good drinks and service is pretty good ;
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
If you go for the pre @-@ theatre menu , it &apos;s an even greater deal .
Don &apos;t go alone---even two people isn &apos;t enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
Also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do ...
I didn &apos;t expect to like Nosh as much as I did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly , the soups are like Mom &apos;s , and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel &apos;s a run for its money .
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn &apos;t try to overpack the rice .
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad .
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food .
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
I &apos;ve read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
The sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been sub @-@ par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating ( if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud ) .
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
Very popular style Izakaya ( Sake and small portion of sake @-@ friendly dishes ) .
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really can &apos;t top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .
After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just didn &apos;t know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
I &apos;ve been to at Cafe Spice probably 5 @-@ 8 times , it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square .
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .
Save your money and don &apos;t waste your calories , go to Margharita &apos;s on Washington Street instead , they have amazing food and the BEST service .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
We were fans of the half @-@ price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down .
Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i &apos;ve ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and didn &apos;t feel rushed at all even though there was a wait .
I &apos;ve also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : A new Jazz Bar , the most fantastic Dining Garden , the Best Thin Crust Pizzas , and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
The staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
Wine list is not huge but def well selected .
Try the Pad Thai , or sample anything on the appetizer menu ... they &apos;re all delicious .
After dinner , take your date to the HUGE dance floor , probably one of the biggest you &apos;ll see in NY .
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
I &apos;ve been to Naples 45 for dinner twice .
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds .
An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef &apos;s passion ( and kitchen &apos;s precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
Dessert - can &apos;t be missed , so save room ! ! !
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
Last memorial day , I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend ( interesting , but ... ) .
From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
but when we looked at the menu , there weren &apos;t a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
And really large portions .
During our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent ! !
Wasn &apos;t going to share but I feel obligated ... while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing .
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
No free drink .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
While the menu isn &apos;t especially groundbreaking , everything I &apos;ve tried so far has been well @-@ executed and tasty .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and / or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring .
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious !
Le Pere Pinard has a $ 15 pre @-@ theater menu that is outstanding .
i don &apos;t usually order wine with indian so i can &apos;t comment on their wine list or their wines .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not @-@ so @-@ little gem does , it amazing he &apos;s even able to remember a consistent but not @-@ so @-@ frequent visitor .
The ambience is very calm and quiet .
The prices cannot be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12- $ 15 per meal , I &apos;d like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager ( a bubbly , friendly young woman with a great smile ) truly cared about how we were doing .
The all @-@ Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start .
The waitstaff are all very busy , it &apos;s not outstanding service , but I &apos;ve never been dealt with rudely .
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom ( third generation @-@ Fornini ) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle ( again making it soggy ) and nothingon the rest .
The service was ok .
We shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi .
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious , new summer menu at Artisanal last night .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
It &apos;s like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it ( the sauce was translucent and red ) .
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I &apos;ve found little toninos .
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
Great food at reasonable prices .
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
The buffet had a nice selection .
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I &apos;ve tried similar dishes at .
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
very good breads as well .
I liked the food at this quasi @-@ thai restaurant .
Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
While this isn &apos;t classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn @-@ outs .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent @-@ the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out .
And the prices were way to high for what you get .
His wife Tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
Meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there &apos;s still a large number of vegetarian @-@ friendly choices .
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like &apos; bar &apos; or &apos; pub &apos; .
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown .
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
The sides were ok and incredibly salty .
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
While the food was good ( certainly no Il Mulino ) the service was horrendous .
A restaurant that doesn &apos;t try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
I really loved the different and inovated touch that &apos;s the cheff gives to the food .
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
It &apos;s a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
Food @-@ awesome .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I don &apos;t need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait @-@ staff who don &apos;t recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that doesn &apos;t care .
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
The food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert .
Sake collection was excellent ( Try Nanbu Bijin ) , but pricy .
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .
My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
I grew up on these bagels .
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you can &apos;t ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation .
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
great wine list ( italian ) , good food , service was INITIALLY fine .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
You don &apos;t go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole @-@ in @-@ the @-@ wall feeling of the place .
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
The mussles were the fishiest things I &apos;ve ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken had bones in it ... It was disgusting .
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC !
While certain staples are excellent ( the burger , some of the pastas ) , the food is not really the point .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
Service is great , takeout is good too .
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
The decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a &apos; special &apos; bagel experience .
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world !
In any event , this is a place I &apos;ll be sure to stop by again when I &apos;m in this part of town .
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I &apos;d go out in Manhattan .
I &apos;m glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .
An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef &apos;s passion ( and kitchen &apos;s precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
Monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter &apos;s Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
Despite the fact that the space is large , they &apos;ve overcrowded the floor with tables .
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds .
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
We didn &apos;t even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
Toons has recently been redone , so it &apos;s now a very attractive space .
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
And the bill was outragous .
The food &apos;s dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
If you are in a big group , this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here .
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
Food doesn &apos;t appear to be cooked on premisis but there &apos;s a high turnover so its pretty fresh .
The service is outstanding and my crab @-@ cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
The menu is Prix Fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is Well worth itsuperb food .
Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
i &apos;ve been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
Be sure not to get anything other than bagels ! ..
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
The wine the service was very good too .
The palak paneer was standard , and I was not a fan of the malai kofta .
Great pizza and fantastic service .
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we &apos;re not in a hurry .
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high ( ask for extra rye bread ) .
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you &apos;ll love Artisanal !
This place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there .
The crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family .
overall , a solid restaurant and at less than $ 40pp ( including wine ) , a solid deal as well .
Besides , when you have bad service , that &apos;s less money you have to tip .
they did give a 15 % discount at the end , wasn &apos;t enough , as they knew the service was horrible .
The decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food &apos;s presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , I feel .
Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well @-@ prepared .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers .
From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot doesn &apos;t miss a beat .
Just don &apos;t take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
Not too crazy about their sake martini .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it &apos;s a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
Lunch came with pickels and slaw , no extra charge .
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .
Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
I had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , I &apos;m a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .
Pizza was a little soggy .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
The lunch special is an asbolute steal .
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .
The atmosphere isn &apos;t the greatest , but I suppose that &apos;s how they keep the prices down .
I have eaten a lot of pizza here .
We shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi .
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn &apos;t as good .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
I &apos;ve eaten thai many times , and am very familiar with the cuisine .
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait ( shortly I might add ) .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
Food was just average ... if they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .
Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
Service was very good and warm .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City .
It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside @-@ out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that &apos;s not just from the rice .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
The price very reasonable .
We parked on the block of Nina &apos;s the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials .
Great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you &apos;ve ever seen ( specifically the blond lady ) .
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood .
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE .
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really can &apos;t top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .
The wine list is excellent .
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening .
But the pizza is way to expensive .
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5 : 30 on a week night without reservations .
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo .
The service is good and the resturant is clean .
The bread is the soft paratha bread ( unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta ) , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
Saturday , Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
Very popular style Izakaya ( Sake and small portion of sake @-@ friendly dishes ) .
The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
As much as I like the food there , I can &apos;t bring myself to go back .
Last time I went here , the waitress didn &apos;t come back after taking our order .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle @-@ light , food @-@ quality and service overcompensate .
Wine list selection is good and wine @-@ by @-@ the @-@ glass was generously filled to the top .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
I don &apos;t know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer .
If you can handle that , it &apos;s a great place for a business dinner , fun with friends or simply a table for 2 .
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
I thought this place was totally overrated .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , I expected it to have some type of flavor .
Also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) didn &apos;t come with anything like chips or a side .
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Also , specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don &apos;t .
Only drawback - they won &apos;t toast your bagel , and they don &apos;t make eggs for the bagel .
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work .
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
And where does Patis go wrong ; no where .
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it &apos;s one of my favorite dishes .
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side .
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked @-@ to @-@ perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
The anti @-@ pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we &apos;ve ever had .
The dim sum is ok but doesn &apos;t taste that fresh , and the little dishes don &apos;t look steamy hot as they should ( also note lack of Chinese here ) .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
It &apos;s like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it ( the sauce was translucent and red ) .
my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source ( special menu ) .
Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
At the end you &apos;re left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
I didn &apos;t take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .
Chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
What a great place !
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am .
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT , MODERN , YET COZY .
If it &apos;s just a quick martini at the bar ( which I recommend Jeffery &apos;s ) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken , go to Village !
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
Really cool stauff inside .
Service was also very good .
The lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine ! !
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
I have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .
Raga &apos;s is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , La Villa can &apos;t be beat .
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top @-@ notch .
Disappointing food , lousy service .
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
The place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
This wasn &apos;t the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but I thought that was what made the place so special .
It &apos;s the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot &apos;s of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
I went at 6 : 00 PM specifically for the pre @-@ theater menu ( $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee ) and it was marvelous .
Also , if you don &apos;t want to sit at a certain table , you don &apos;t have to !
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal .
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC .
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I &apos;ve tried similar dishes at .
I must say it &apos;s a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view .
When he &apos;s not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he &apos;s visiting the regulars ( a growing legion ) and checking on newcomers .
People are always friendly .
Even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants ) .
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I &apos;m not sure which dim sum dish it was .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
Great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) .
They are tasty , but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system .
Try the green curry ! ! !
For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .
The service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly .
I went at 6 : 00 PM specifically for the pre @-@ theater menu ( $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee ) and it was marvelous .
The waitstaff are all very busy , it &apos;s not outstanding service , but I &apos;ve never been dealt with rudely .
The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
Found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge !
And Kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across .
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident , but for the rest of us who &apos;ve actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .
Despite the fact that the space is large , they &apos;ve overcrowded the floor with tables .
Drinks got screwed up , she acted put upon .
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way , the food was insultingly horrible .
Nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale Italian decor .
You have to increase the service a lot .
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
But they don &apos;t have a toaster , which is strange .
$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
Fast service .
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
The Italian food has flavor ( that can be sort of surprising on the UES ) , and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive , they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90 &apos;s , no matter how bad it look , you knew that there was a rally just around the corner ...
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat .
Bill a little high , but worth it .
Fish was overdone .
I &apos;ve been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
This place is always packed .
Baluchi &apos;s has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix : Appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion .. try the potato stuff kanish best one .
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8 : 00 pm curtain call .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source ( special menu ) .
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
When you want a piece of beef , head on over .
Its a go @-@ to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests .
The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
Probably much busier for lunch , it &apos;s seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) .
Plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service ( waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service ) and lack of remorse .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
Unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
The food &apos;s dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .
Very good wine choices .
even the wine by the glass was good .
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
If you love seafood , you would love this place !
Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , I can &apos;t wait !
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef &apos;s special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
If you go to Roth &apos;s try to be served by Mike , he is GREAT ! !
though the service could be better ( possibly due to more than one very large group in the house ) , it is very cordial and warm , as is the general clientele .
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
Sauce was watery and the food didn &apos;t have much flavor .
Oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy !
The one vegetarian entree ( Abby &apos;s treasure ) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh .
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria &apos;s .
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here .
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and / or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring .
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
Also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
Have the iced tea .
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef &apos;s special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non @-@ intrusive .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC .
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
I am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place !
Good , because hey , it &apos;s more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table ( even though we had reservations ) .
I was back @-@ to @-@ back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
The service is always bad though , don &apos;t expect much of anything from your server , and I would not recommend bringing a date here either .
Food is excellent .
For the price , you cannot eat this well in Manhattan .
Forget the rush and the wait and the noise ( which isn &apos;t actually that bad ) , I mean please , who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic ?
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
I &apos;ve dined at Alain Ducasse &apos;s restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .
I look forward to eating here again
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka ( also available without vodka . )
Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy .
If you &apos;re craving for Haru &apos;s great food , especially the House Roll , but can &apos;t stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !
The food is great and reasonably priced .
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon , which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave .
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza &apos;s in NY .
Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
( Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer ! ! !
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
Yeah , sometimes the service can be slow .
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good .
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we hadn &apos;t ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served ( and that order was undercooked ) , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
I like Mamoun &apos;s food as well , but side by side , Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down .
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice .
Total hipster @-@ wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot .
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
If you are in a big group , this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here .
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
After the main course came , we didn &apos;t see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES !
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you &apos;re in a trendy Manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply @-@ priced , generally friendly staff , and if you &apos;re a Manhattanite , or spend most of your time in Manhattan , Rice Avenue will make you feel at home ..... very Soho / Village / Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele ..... all on Roosevelt Avenue !
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
Instead of wasting your time here : SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD .
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc .
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
Two people in our party felt like something else , and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu .
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
It took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
Got club soda , filled with ice , no lime .
Our food was great too !
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
It is about FOOD and Ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
He served me an Uni Hand roll , which I never had before , and let me tell you ... IT WAS HEAVEN !
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food doesn &apos;t quite match up .
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
The food is very good for it &apos;s price , better than most fried dumplings I &apos;ve had .
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
In fact , two people could really share one plate .
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top @-@ notch .
The wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient .
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls .
great wine list ( italian ) , good food , service was INITIALLY fine .
The staff was very attentive , the ambience lovely , and the food superb .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
The best thing I tasted were the lambchops .
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
the waitstaffs are nice though .
Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
Good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch .
The food was great and the service was even better .
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .
The service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
A restaurant that doesn &apos;t try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients don &apos;t make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
Horrible food and Horrible service .
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .
The bill is approximately $ 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks .
The fried rice is amazing here .
Great vibe , lots of people .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
The bagel was huge .
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
What is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
Quick and friendly service .
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee ! !
I would highly recommend Nina &apos;s to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
Grilled whole fish wonderful , great spicing .
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly .
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
The place was quiet and delightful .
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
This place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps Queens &apos; biggest secret !
The anti @-@ pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you don &apos;t like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious , new summer menu at Artisanal last night .
Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES , I get angry that I didn &apos;t just go to Zucchero Pomodori .
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice .
this is the best secret place in midtown &apos; , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms ) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that &apos;s about 2 1 / 2 drinks ) for $ 8.50 ( I recommend the Vanilla Shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just didn &apos;t know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
Good , fast service .
The wine list is also really nice .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
Decor leaves something to be desired .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt .
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too ...
While the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good )
The food was average to above @-@ average ; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre @-@ theatre or after @-@ theatre drinks !
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it &apos;s a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten .
Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
The Pad Thai is excellent here , as well .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you don &apos;t like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
Food was average but tasty .
Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
Hats off to the chef .
Service is great , takeout is good too .
Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i &apos;ve ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
Baluchi &apos;s has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
try the spicy shrimp appetizer ( again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price ) and the lamb vindaloo is great .
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles &apos; heel .
I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I don &apos;t have to rush off to a show .
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend , asked him : Where are you from ... maybe you dont know how things work in America ... and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on .
The menu is Prix Fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is Well worth itsuperb food .
If you live in new york city , you &apos;ll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
We started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner .
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
This place is not worth the prices .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit @-@ inducing , YUCK .
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks .
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired &apos; doneness &apos; accompanied by salads and sides that don &apos;t look like leafy road kill .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way .
Decor is nice and minimalist , food simple yet very well presented and cooked , and the wine list matches the food very well .
The Thali was small , thoroughly unremarkable , and $ 14.95 .
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
Once for dinner and once for brunch .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
A + + The service was good to excellent along with the attitude .
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
Don &apos;t miss Bloom &apos;s on your next trip to Manhatten .
I &apos;ve been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I &apos;m craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini &apos;s .....
Its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .
Yes , the prices are high , but I felt it was worth it .
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
I recommend their Pad See Ew , Pork Chops or Tofu plates .
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty ( could &apos;ve used a bit more salt ) .
The flavors robust and subtle .
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
They &apos;ve the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen .
A very inviting restaurant , with friendly service .
You can &apos;t say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown .
it &apos;s a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
However , if you want great food at a great price and don &apos;t mind the decor , you can &apos;t beat this place .
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx .
In reality ( to maximize potential diners ) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
Great food ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry ) , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
The service is spotty , sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there .
The service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
They used shredded cheese on top !
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
I &apos;ve never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
The fish was really , really fresh .
We had a girls &apos; night dinner here for restaurant week .
Very excited to hear that short @-@ term Chef Jason Narone has moved on , he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record .
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions .
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc .
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro @-@ type vibe .
If we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
To my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re @-@ set a table for six .
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food .
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .
The food was terrific and the service classy , attentive , without being overbearing .
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
Good drink .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village , and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , I have been hesitant to be disloyal .
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza .
Not only was the food outstanding , but the little &apos; perks &apos; were great .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
The prices cannot be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I wouldn &apos;t recommend to my American friends as it &apos;s very spicy .
The service is good and the resturant is clean .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick @-@ ass roti .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don &apos;t like .
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt .
I have had so many dinners here and it &apos;s always been perfect - on a date with my husband , with my mom , with girlfriends and larger groups .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can &apos;t wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
Over time , the food quality has decreased substantially , it is a lot less crowded than it used to , and the service must definitely be part of the reason .
What generous portions !
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things ( the heavy , black , antique @-@ seeming teapot , for one ) in the restaurant experience .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
There are a few Italian employees who may not speak the best English but for me that adds to the experience .
people are rude bit again it &apos;s new york !
There &apos;s something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style .
The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
Great food at reasonable prices .
Everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
The service was attentive , yet discreet .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident , but for the rest of us who &apos;ve actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
The food is very good too but for the most part , it &apos;s just regular food , nothing special .
While the food was good ( certainly no Il Mulino ) the service was horrendous .
It &apos;s also attached to Angel &apos;s Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you &apos;ll love Artisanal !
Good food .
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu @-@ fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
The food is fresh , delicious , and reasonably priced .
Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery , generic white sauce , this is your place .
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
we love th pink pony .
It &apos;s constantly open , catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St. , so there &apos;s more turnover with the food than you &apos;d expect ( i.e. , surprisingly fresh ) .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
The staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL !
If you want some roast duck , pork or chicken on rice with ginger , try them out !
if you &apos;re daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it &apos;s wonderful !
The staff offers impeccable service .
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy ( and the beautiful people of course ) and the food was surprising good !
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
It &apos;s really also the service , is good and the waiters are friendly .
When he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn &apos;t find tonic .
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb .
The main downside to the place is the nazi @-@ like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it .
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka ( also available without vodka . )
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it &apos;s great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12- $ 15 per meal , I &apos;d like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
While most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food .
Have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED !
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) .
I lOVE THIS PLACE !
The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt &apos;s house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook .
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch !
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , I expected it to have some type of flavor .
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
For the location , the prices are very reasonable .
Moderate prices .
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
Well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
Granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
The dinner menu is diverse and top @-@ notch as well .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they &apos;d treat us well for the occasion .
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
and you can &apos;t beat the prices .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart &apos;s for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
Don &apos;t eat here unless you &apos;re starving for thai food and you work next door .
The sandwhiches are out @-@ of @-@ this world !
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
We started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner .
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .
from an English speaking staff .
They forgot a sandwich , didn &apos;t include plastic forks , and didn &apos;t include pita with the hummus platter .
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
No refills on fountain drinks , though .
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world !
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling .
The food was absolutely horrible !
Their eggplant is so delicate , sweet tender !
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
So I &apos;ve never actually been to M proper , but I &apos;ve had it delivered a few times .
To my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re @-@ set a table for six .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
All the staff is absolutely professional ! !
Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that can &apos;t be beat !
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer .
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you &apos;re with .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre @-@ theatre or after @-@ theatre drinks !
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple @-@ decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably @-@ sized portion ( and price ) .
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom ( third generation @-@ Fornini ) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle ( again making it soggy ) and nothingon the rest .
Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
What an amazing meal and experience !
The decor is vibrant and eye @-@ pleasing with several semi @-@ private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
They couldn &apos;t even make a salad that was appealing .
The service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef &apos;s special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
Authentic Taiwanese food that &apos;s cheap ... what more could you ask for ?
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
And , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats ) .
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee ! !
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
Again , the waitress was awesome .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
I &apos;ve also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : A new Jazz Bar , the most fantastic Dining Garden , the Best Thin Crust Pizzas , and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated .
La Rosa waltzes in , and I think they are doing it the best .
If you &apos;re looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet @-@ n @-@ tart and order yourself a hong @-@ kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls ( hot ) .
I think the stuff was better than Disney .
When my husband and go there , we spend $ 60.00 ( have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more ) I can &apos;t say any more , it a place you &apos;ll never forget If you never go , you &apos;ll miss A Meal of your life time
The prices were fantastic .
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7 , then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving ( mean while there were boths open all around ) .
Staffs are not that friendly , but the taste covers all .
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
We did have to wait at the bar for approx .
And forget what you read under me , the atmosphere isn &apos;t that bad either .
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
The wine list is extensive and impressive .
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria , but facing away from the bar when we turned back around , the $ 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
Great food , great decor , great service .
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo .
Orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food , and French service as well .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you &apos;ll love it here .
We didn &apos;t even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that &apos;s the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
Yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion .
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
We &apos;ve been following chef Lyle &apos;s food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
The service is ok but could be better .
While this isn &apos;t classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn @-@ outs .
It &apos;s simply the best meal in NYC .
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
If you &apos;re looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet @-@ n @-@ tart and order yourself a hong @-@ kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls ( hot ) .
Drinks way over priced .
Both are delicious , the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .
The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice @-@ 1 for our order and 2 @-@ for our check .
Good , because hey , it &apos;s more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
The food was very expensive ( we spent $ 160 for lunch for two ) but extremely tasty .
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
limited menu , no @-@ so @-@ fresh ingredients , thinly @-@ sliced fish , fall @-@ apart rice .
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
My fav was the sassy lassi ...
The flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .
An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef &apos;s passion ( and kitchen &apos;s precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto @-@ yum ! ) .
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza &apos;s in NY .
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like &apos; bar &apos; or &apos; pub &apos; .
The restaurant has a Family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single @-@ handedly solved third world famine .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy &apos;s !
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I don &apos;t need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait @-@ staff who don &apos;t recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that doesn &apos;t care .
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn &apos;t as good .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
Be careful of portions - they &apos;re HUGE .
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC .
Not a large place , but it &apos;s cute and cozy .
Try the lasagnette appetizer .
Its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food .
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet .
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys ( a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b / c I live in a walkup ) who always seem disappointed with their tips .
Great selection of wine , and seafood .
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC .
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
The food at this place is &apos; gourmet &apos; Indian cuisine .
Love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it .. very fortunate , location wise .
However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
Drinks way over priced .
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
You can also special order any kind of dumpling , etc .
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
Everything was wonderful ; food , drinks , staff , mileau .
otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats .
Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
The staff is very kind and well trained , they &apos;re fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef &apos;s special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
The food &apos;s dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .
Ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice .
Get the tuna of gari .
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional .
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look .
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine , if you can call $ 70.00 inexpensive , the cost is through the roof for better than average fare .
However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
Fantastic place .
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
The food was so @-@ so .
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
But don &apos;t ever order bacon late at nite ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter don &apos;t from any take out place ) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever @-@ changing menu keep us coming back .
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald &apos;s , every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
This place doesn &apos;t compare with Mamoun &apos;s in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that &apos;s just my opinion .
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good .
The food was good .
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things ( the heavy , black , antique @-@ seeming teapot , for one ) in the restaurant experience .
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash .
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps .
Food was okay , nothing great .
Haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
i &apos;ve been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they &apos;re that good .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
They forgot a sandwich , didn &apos;t include plastic forks , and didn &apos;t include pita with the hummus platter .
Not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 19.95 all you can eat .
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night .
The food is terrible and overall , I would have to say avoid at all costs .
The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15 @-@ 20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
i don &apos;t usually order wine with indian so i can &apos;t comment on their wine list or their wines .
We all ate pasta entre &apos;es , which were great .
The food was terrific and the service classy , attentive , without being overbearing .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for ?
Ess @-@ A @-@ Bagel ( either by Sty @-@ town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
My husband said he could &apos;ve eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
Decor is nice and minimalist , food simple yet very well presented and cooked , and the wine list matches the food very well .
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
Seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
I &apos;ve also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : A new Jazz Bar , the most fantastic Dining Garden , the Best Thin Crust Pizzas , and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food doesn &apos;t quite match up .
Don &apos;t go alone---even two people isn &apos;t enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
The bread is the soft paratha bread ( unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta ) , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you &apos;ll love it here .
Great service , great food .
But the staff was so horrible to us .
We won &apos;t go to this place again for a good meal .
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix : Appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion .. try the potato stuff kanish best one .
The staff is very kind and well trained , they &apos;re fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
So , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
The food was boring and expensive .
You don &apos;t go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole @-@ in @-@ the @-@ wall feeling of the place .
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
The crispy chicken wasn &apos;t for us , though .
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired &apos; doneness &apos; accompanied by salads and sides that don &apos;t look like leafy road kill .
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
I wouldn &apos;t even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
Even if the food wasn &apos;t this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
Unlike HH up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .
Good , because hey , it &apos;s more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand .
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar ( chef Yoshi ) and ordered everything ala carte .
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive , nothing flashy .
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
Really though , where &apos;s the seasoning ?
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
I &apos;ve lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place ( except in a really bad dream ) .
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious ! ! !
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good )
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .
But for whatever reason , prices are about twice as high .
I &apos;ve had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that &apos;s the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
Get your food to go , find a bench , and kick back with a plate of dumplings .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
Worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .
I always get the Shabu @-@ Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .
Staffs are not that friendly , but the taste covers all .
The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
The anti @-@ pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
While this isn &apos;t classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn @-@ outs .
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
We couldn &apos;t carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we &apos;re taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
Most importantly , food is excellent .
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
I &apos;d highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
Odd for Ave B , not just odd , The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least .
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
I &apos;ve also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : A new Jazz Bar , the most fantastic Dining Garden , the Best Thin Crust Pizzas , and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !
This place doesn &apos;t compare with Mamoun &apos;s in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that &apos;s just my opinion .
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
However , they &apos;ve got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
Try the cheesecake !
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .
Everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
I wouldn &apos;t even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
All the money went into the interior decoration , none of it went to the chefs .
Great pizza for lunch place .
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection .
But they &apos;ve done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil @-@ brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual ) .
Try the hot dogs too , they &apos;re snappy and delicious .
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
We asked to be moved ( which took half an hour ) , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty .
the food was undercooked @-@ the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
For the location , the prices are very reasonable .
Oh , don &apos;t even let me start with how expensive the bills were !
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
love the food .
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
The music does get a little loud at times , but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife , and as I did , I got a whiff of corriander .
They have some great entrees here as well .
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
Great staff .
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
But they &apos;ve done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil @-@ brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual ) .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES .
The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
Stick to the gulab jamun .
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it &apos;s a very disappointing experience .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
Priced at upper intermediate range .
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
Our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not @-@ trying @-@ too @-@ hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we &apos;ve ever had ! !
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can &apos;t wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .
It &apos;s the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot &apos;s of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
The tastes makes your mouth water for more .
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City , the food was not what I had hoped for .
The food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next .
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
Don &apos;t dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non @-@ veg selections .
The &apos; kamasutra &apos; and &apos; bombay cosmopolitan &apos; are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .
His drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
believe us , we &apos;ve been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15 @-@ 20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
The food was just OK , I would never go back .
For two people with tip was less than $ 25 bucks .
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc .
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
The decor is vibrant and eye @-@ pleasing with several semi @-@ private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
Great food , great decor , great service .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
Went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout , BUT service terrible .
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
Delivery service is great too .
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious !
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ @-@ ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not @-@ so @-@ fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
While the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
Disappointing food , lousy service .
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine , if you can call $ 70.00 inexpensive , the cost is through the roof for better than average fare .
Just because it &apos;s cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
However , looking at the table next to ours , we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza , which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT .
uni from maine vs california , sea vs freshwater eel ) to get a good taste comparison .
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I don &apos;t have to deal with crowds or lines .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
To begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
Spice is great Thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
You order from a menu , so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience .
You will pay a lot for the decore , but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY .
Great bagels made the old @-@ fashioned way .
The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
Granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants .
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc .
Great wine , great food .
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) .
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
The waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
but when we looked at the menu , there weren &apos;t a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
As for the bar , this is another bad idea .
Seating is ok even though sometimes there &apos;s alot of people .
If your visiting , you &apos;ll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it &apos;s in Time Sq ...
The food is amazing ... especially if you get the Chef &apos;s tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
I have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
Yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips @-@ good but a far cry from what the name implies .
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would &apos;ve been fine for me .
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food .
Great wine list , reasonably priced.--Sara
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out .
Great food , great prices , great service .
I would highly recommend Nina &apos;s to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
For dinner I had the chicken tikka @-@ masala and some garlic naan .
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space .
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer ....
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu @-@ fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it &apos;s on the menu or not .
My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , didn &apos;t much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
There are other people waiting !
Avoid this place !
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
The food was average to above @-@ average ; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent .
Service was decent , but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
So much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand @-@ crafted beers .
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
If you &apos;re looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet @-@ n @-@ tart and order yourself a hong @-@ kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls ( hot ) .
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you &apos;ll love Artisanal !
The best Chicken pad tai , I &apos;ve ever had .
Their Margarita is best I &apos;ve had since I &apos;ve returned from Naples !
The service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
I &apos;ve had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .
Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
However , if you want great food at a great price and don &apos;t mind the decor , you can &apos;t beat this place .
We had the pot @-@ stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
Order the panang duck , it &apos;s fantastic .
Service has always been friendly and efficient .
Always popular , always full , always a wait .
Because of the delicate thin crust , take @-@ out pies get soggy in their boxes .
We &apos;ve been following chef Lyle &apos;s food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
The in @-@ house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
Very good service and very good prices .
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3 @-@ 6 each ) .
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill .
If you don &apos;t mind pre @-@ sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
If it isn &apos;t for the food ( A + + + ) , it must be the service or the ambience .
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished .
We were disappointed with the pre @-@ fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte .
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant !
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
I &apos;ve been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I &apos;m craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can &apos;t remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
first it took us a long time to find the place .
In reality ( to maximize potential diners ) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order , but their food says I love you .
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street .
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
The decor in this place is very diner @-@ ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive ( considering we were the only ones there for the first hour ) .
There is a downside if you &apos;re ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
Any if you have a reservation you &apos;ll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald &apos;s than this joint .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
One would think we &apos;d get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter wouldn &apos;t even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
but when we looked at the menu , there weren &apos;t a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
It &apos;s like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it ( the sauce was translucent and red ) .
I always get the Shabu @-@ Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
To sum it up : Service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average Ok .
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .
The food was very well prepared .
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn &apos;t as good .
Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
The sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been sub @-@ par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating ( if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud ) .
No you &apos;re going to go back because the food was good .
The food there are sastifying .
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you &apos;re in a trendy Manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply @-@ priced , generally friendly staff , and if you &apos;re a Manhattanite , or spend most of your time in Manhattan , Rice Avenue will make you feel at home ..... very Soho / Village / Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele ..... all on Roosevelt Avenue !
Late nite omelletes are not good here , there is no variety !
It &apos;s a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter &apos;s Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
While certain staples are excellent ( the burger , some of the pastas ) , the food is not really the point .
We had the most wonderful waitress .
The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
Why make a reservation if you aren &apos;t going to keep it ?
Unique apppetizers .
I liked the beer selection !
The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza &apos;s in NY .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
There was no ambiance .
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I &apos;d go out in Manhattan .
Decent wine selection too .
Very romantic fires - I &apos;ve literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
Service was prompt and courteous .
If you &apos;ve ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
Waitstaff is great , very attentive .
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on POINT .
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich , Katz &apos;s has a charm about it .
I have been to Roth &apos;s twice and both times were very disappointing .
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it &apos;s never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe &apos;s .
Oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
I absolutely Loved this place .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
I had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , I &apos;m a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
The service is outstanding and my crab @-@ cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you &apos;ve had the tiramisu .
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .
I &apos;ve rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I &apos;ve been going .
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT &apos;s .
Service was good and food is wonderful .
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
The waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
However , I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties ( multiples of 2 and higher ) seated for 40 minutes , the three of us were squished into a small 2 @-@ person table .
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3 @-@ 6 each ) .
Although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier , at the same time , it doesn &apos;t really matter .
The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate .
Check it out , it won &apos;t hurt your stomach or your wallet .
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you &apos;re eating in a freindly little european town .
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .
This was the worst dining experience I &apos;ve ever had .
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
Went there for an office lunch .
The one vegetarian entree ( Abby &apos;s treasure ) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
they did give a 15 % discount at the end , wasn &apos;t enough , as they knew the service was horrible .
The best pad thai i &apos;ve ever had .
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I &apos;d drink popcorn topping before I &apos;d eat another one of these .
I will go back to Suan soon !
I &apos;ve waited over one hour for food .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
Also good for client lunch meetings , esp .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
While I quite liked the food and the ambience , I &apos;m not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza &apos;s in NY .
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self @-@ respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .
All I can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you &apos;ll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .
We were disappointed with the pre @-@ fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte .
Don &apos;t dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non @-@ veg selections .
Two words : Free wine .
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
Good food at the restaurant ( a bit expensive , but great if you want to impress your date ) .
When we stumbled on Leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT , we were certainly wrong .
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12- $ 15 per meal , I &apos;d like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad @-@ looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at Ping &apos;s are clear as glass with healthy @-@ looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover &apos;s brunch .
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it .
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take @-@ out pizza .
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I &apos;ve tried similar dishes at .
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out @-@ of @-@ town .
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar @-@ soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
I had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , I &apos;m a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .
The wine the service was very good too .
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderfull .
It &apos;s not mind @-@ blowing , but to me , thai food never is and never will be .
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli , I knew there was going to be good pizza !
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I wouldn &apos;t recommend to my American friends as it &apos;s very spicy .
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .
I have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
Service was very friendly .
After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were !
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , I felt there was more than enough food .
Don &apos;t expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
Great food ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry ) , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I &apos;ve had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC , it &apos;s wonderful , and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked @-@ to @-@ perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .
Sure , the setting is nice .
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must .
Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays .
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience ! ! !
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
This is a fun restaurant to go to .
Appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .
After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were !
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .
To my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re @-@ set a table for six .
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
While the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in New York City , there is definitely better food in that range , and so Sapphire , despite it &apos;s lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return .
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
Authentic Pakistani food .
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
The fries are yummy .
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing , really good meal .
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery @-@ clogging jewish deli food , but turns out to be poorly run and awful .
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
Thanks Bloom &apos;s for a lovely trip .
The service was superb , they treat you like family .
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $ 2.50 .
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
Similar to other Indian restaurants , they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend .
I would highly recommend this place !
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting , the additional menu items are only written in Chinese .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
Rao &apos;s has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
Acceptable prices .
Love Pizza 33 ..
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special , we limited ourselves to several appetizers .
I have been to Rao &apos;s probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food .
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I &apos;m eating indian cuisine .
I love the atmorphere @ peep !
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
It &apos;s a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
I don &apos;t know about you guys , but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere .
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .
It &apos;s the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot &apos;s of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
both are very reasonably priced ( around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch ) , and are delicious and filling .
The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
Their coffee is quite good too !
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
Much more reasonably priced too !
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
I couldn &apos;t reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher .
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
Get the soup and a nosh ( pastrami sandwich ) for $ 8 and you &apos;re golden .
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .
The noodle and rices dishes taste great .
While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service ( waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service ) and lack of remorse .
The pizza was great .
However , if you want great food at a great price and don &apos;t mind the decor , you can &apos;t beat this place .
After a seafood craving , i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I &apos;ve ever had ) .
The service was typical short @-@ order , dinner type .
The sushi is also great !
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
( $ 200 for 2 glasses of champagne , not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks ) .
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise .
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
The food is great and authentic .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine .
The food is nothing like its menu description .
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
It &apos;s like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it ( the sauce was translucent and red ) .
The food is good , I can &apos;t lie .
No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown .
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
I &apos;ve had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer .
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York .
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City .
The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
Unfortunately , the food was NOT something to get worked up about .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu @-@ fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that can &apos;t be beat !
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited .
Monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious ! ! !
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table , but standing up wasn &apos;t too bad .
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away ( we hadn &apos;t even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink ) , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate .
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it &apos;s never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe &apos;s .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
The ambience was nice , but service wasn &apos;t so great .
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order , but their food says I love you .
Just straight up cheap , good food .
The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I &apos;ve had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had ( I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat ) .
Great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) .
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
still stay away , the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer ...
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS .
I didn &apos;t take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
Plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , ( WOW ) you &apos;ll need no more .
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up .
And the staff is also young , energeic and hot ! ! ! !
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed .
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad @-@ looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at Ping &apos;s are clear as glass with healthy @-@ looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover &apos;s brunch .
Lahore is a great place to duck into late @-@ night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you &apos;ll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source ( special menu ) .
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .
fine dining restaurant quality .
We actually gave 10 % tip ( which we have never done despite mediocre food and service ) , because we felt totally ripped off .
Sauce was watery and the food didn &apos;t have much flavor .
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
The sushi is amazing ! ! !
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats , except at Taj Mahal .
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
Spice is sleek , modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
i would just ask for no oil next time .
However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had .
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple @-@ decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably @-@ sized portion ( and price ) .
Oh yes , and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , I would love to know where they obtained .
Service was excellent , and the AC worked very well too ( thank God , it was hot ! ) .
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .
The food options rule .
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza , sorry - not the best in NYC .
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet , we were told no ...
One would think we &apos;d get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter wouldn &apos;t even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
Besides , when you have bad service , that &apos;s less money you have to tip .
We didn &apos;t get drink refills and she didn &apos;t even offer us the option of dessert .
Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I &apos;m willing to overlook it .
Rude service , medicore food ... there are tons of restaurants in NY ... stay away from this one
Will have to return to try the chocolate !
Food is average , and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi &apos;s tastes better .
Rude service , medicore food ... there are tons of restaurants in NY ... stay away from this one
Anyways , if you &apos;re in the neighborhood to eat good food , I wouldn &apos;t waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .
Oh , but wait , we were out of drinks ( which were also delightfully overpriced ) .
great food , lt &apos;s of it , more then one person can eat !
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish .
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar .
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , I felt there was more than enough food .
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
Pizza here is consistently good .
I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro @-@ type vibe .
From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno @-@ lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish &apos;s sweetness .
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can &apos;t remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
I had the mango chicken and i can &apos;t go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful .
in an effort to increase turnover , the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that &apos;s it .
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
The one vegetarian entree ( Abby &apos;s treasure ) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
i recommend the thai popcorn : )
First of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by Citysearch &apos;s editorial review .
Even upon delivery , their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy .
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I wouldn &apos;t recommend to my American friends as it &apos;s very spicy .
But that wasn &apos;t the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
We had Pam &apos;s special fried fish and it was amazing .
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines , please check their wine list .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart &apos;s for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
The staff is very kind and well trained , they &apos;re fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
The food was not very tasty , the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant .
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .
As a long @-@ time patron of Mamoun &apos;s , I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city .
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests .
The portions are now very small , the sauces are overly @-@ ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet .
Once you step into Cosette , you &apos;re miraculously in a small , off @-@ the @-@ beaten path Parisian bistro .
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
Other apetizers and food
The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
The dim sum however was very good .
We started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner .
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , didn &apos;t much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
Of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ?
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
Very popular style Izakaya ( Sake and small portion of sake @-@ friendly dishes ) .
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
Has the chef and owner changed ? ? ?
In addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
Other apetizers and food
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
Sushi wasn &apos;t anything spectacular for the price .
Not worth the prices .
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
Have eaten at Ginger House several times , and it &apos;s always good .
A + + The service was good to excellent along with the attitude .
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn .
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , Kai is your place .
Try their chef &apos;s specials-- they are to die for .
The noise level was unbearable , conversation impossible .
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
Three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .
They do cater to American palates , but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige !
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
Southern Indian cuisine is still there , too .
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken , then this is NOT your place .
The food options rule .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
Wine list selection is good and wine @-@ by @-@ the @-@ glass was generously filled to the top .
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
Faan &apos;s got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery .
word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you &apos;ve had the tiramisu .
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name .
The food was average to above @-@ average ; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .
Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere ( Anywhere ) .
Great food , great prices , great service .
We were disappointed with the pre @-@ fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte .
They &apos;re also friendlier here , especially the owner , Kenny .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
The food is very average ... the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
We couldn &apos;t carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we &apos;re taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back .
Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
This place is not worth the prices .
Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent .
Try the Pad Se @-@ Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess didn &apos;t have my name .
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats ) .
Joe &apos;s Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up .
Even if the food wasn &apos;t this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
Rao &apos;s has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which wasn &apos;t listed but made for us upon request !
NO PIZZA 33 for me !
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
Please take my advice , go and try this place .
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
It &apos;s really also the service , is good and the waiters are friendly .
In addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
both are very reasonably priced ( around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch ) , and are delicious and filling .
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not @-@ so @-@ little gem does , it amazing he &apos;s even able to remember a consistent but not @-@ so @-@ frequent visitor .
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
My suggestion is to eat family style because you &apos;ll want to try the other dishes .
Our tiny table for two ( dinner plates hung over edge ) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal .
I go back in line like three times on average until I can &apos;t walk anymore .
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
Tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
try the spicy shrimp appetizer ( again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price ) and the lamb vindaloo is great .
The wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .
The staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL !
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share , Kai may not be the best option .
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
great eats , good times .
The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
But the coconut rice was good .
We actually gave 10 % tip ( which we have never done despite mediocre food and service ) , because we felt totally ripped off .
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she &apos;s @-@ way @-@ cuter @-@ than @-@ me @-@ that @-@ b @ # $ * way ) .
Not a typical pizza joint , but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner .
I had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , I &apos;m a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .
I have never had cheescake like this .
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
If it &apos;s just a quick martini at the bar ( which I recommend Jeffery &apos;s ) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken , go to Village !
Horrible food and Horrible service .
The food was delicious , the atmosphere was relaxed , and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second !
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
This place is worth going even if only for their beer .
Meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there &apos;s still a large number of vegetarian @-@ friendly choices .
This isn &apos;t your corner Chinese food takeout .
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W &apos;burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York .
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert ... definitely going to be back very soon .
Just stick with the small dishes !
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
Because we didn &apos;t have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .
Whether it &apos;s the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , ( WOW ) you &apos;ll need no more .
When going out for a nice dinner , I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess ( stacks of bottles , cans ) and a small counter holding 12 @-@ 14 entrees .
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
The one vegetarian entree ( Abby &apos;s treasure ) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had ( I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat ) .
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish .
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I don &apos;t need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait @-@ staff who don &apos;t recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that doesn &apos;t care .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
Great wine , great food .
The place &apos;s decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt @-@ in @-@ your @-@ mouth experience ) .
Once for dinner and once for brunch .
We were a group of 8 and well seved .
Love YUKA .
If it isn &apos;t for the food ( A + + + ) , it must be the service or the ambience .
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald &apos;s than this joint .
Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese .... both very tasty .
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess ( stacks of bottles , cans ) and a small counter holding 12 @-@ 14 entrees .
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I &apos;m willing to overlook it .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
Delivery is fast too .
Probably much busier for lunch , it &apos;s seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) .
The food was good too .
It cannot be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
fresh restaurant was amazing ........ food was delicious and of course fresh .
The &apos; kamasutra &apos; and &apos; bombay cosmopolitan &apos; are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .
If presentation and service is your thing , then this magic show works .
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you .
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
Fish is so very fresh .
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it &apos;s one of my favorite dishes .
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too .
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
I have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner .
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
try the spicy shrimp appetizer ( again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price ) and the lamb vindaloo is great .
The production is a symphony , alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part .
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
The makhani was OK --the korma was bland .
Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
Went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge .
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish .
The combination of super @-@ fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .
Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
The prices are wonderfully low .
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
We parked on the block of Nina &apos;s the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
This place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
Everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
The decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food &apos;s presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table ( even though we had reservations ) .
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter &apos;s Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
in an effort to increase turnover , the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse .
Bottom line : B + for the food , F for the service .
Food was OK - fish was cooked well .
Toons has recently been redone , so it &apos;s now a very attractive space .
Faan is sooo good .
This restaurant was way overhyped .
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
The service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but I have never been treated rudely .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
The service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly !
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
If you don &apos;t mind pre @-@ sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
If it &apos;s just a quick martini at the bar ( which I recommend Jeffery &apos;s ) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken , go to Village !
Great food ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry ) , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
For dinner I had the chicken tikka @-@ masala and some garlic naan .
limited menu , no @-@ so @-@ fresh ingredients , thinly @-@ sliced fish , fall @-@ apart rice .
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
Also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) didn &apos;t come with anything like chips or a side .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
I loved everythig about it @-@ especially the shows and actors .
Over price , and small portions .
The menu is nothing like the one on the website .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout , BUT service terrible .
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn &apos;t even fully melted !
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
Went for a late weekday lunch .
Not impressed with the food .
As a Japanese native , I &apos;ve lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
I &apos;ve overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I &apos;ve been sitting there while he lectured another customer .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I &apos;m almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino &apos;s blows my families receipies away .
Authentic food and they have REAL service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
( The asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! )
As far as the service goes , the waitresses were not particularly friendly , but they got the job done .
The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not ( like the steak dish which tends to be dry ) .
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .
I noted it was crossed off on the bill .
Even after getting pushed out by the no @-@ class Famous Ray &apos;s , Sal has risen again to carry on his father &apos;s uncle &apos;s legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let &apos;s not forget the Outstanding Pizza !
now if they could only get a toaster .
The atmosphere isn &apos;t the greatest , but I suppose that &apos;s how they keep the prices down .
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody .
However , their popularity has yet to slow down , and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
I recently went to this restaurant with some co @-@ workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
Service is fast and friendly .
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar ( chef Yoshi ) and ordered everything ala carte .
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
When he &apos;s not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he &apos;s visiting the regulars ( a growing legion ) and checking on newcomers .
Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
both are very reasonably priced ( around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch ) , and are delicious and filling .
It &apos;s all about the food ! !
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , Kai is your place .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation .
I haven &apos;t eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
Great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
The place wasn &apos;t too hard to find , but it was kind of packed , as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food , the line reached the door .
The highly spiced chai tea was great too .
Well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
I got the $ 10 10 @-@ piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
The food is usually good but it certainly isn &apos;t a relaxing place to go .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you don &apos;t like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
The only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
service was efficient courteous .
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
No food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
An excellent service
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , I have never experienced more incompetency .
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away ( we hadn &apos;t even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink ) , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll .. .
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
So if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at Montparnasse , go early for the pre @-@ theater prix @-@ fixe .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good .
I &apos;ve had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .
They forgot a sandwich , didn &apos;t include plastic forks , and didn &apos;t include pita with the hummus platter .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
It is also extremely well priced .
Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays .
The portions are now very small , the sauces are overly @-@ ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
This place blew me away ... by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side .
Did I mention the wine ?
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere .
But don &apos;t ever order bacon late at nite ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter don &apos;t from any take out place ) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
Seriously , this place kicks ass .
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef &apos;s special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
Drawbacks : service is slow and they don &apos;t toast !
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
I wasn &apos;t there for the Half @-@ Price Saturday Night Special , but Tuesday Night .
The food is consistently wonderful - I &apos;ve been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
The food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess ( stacks of bottles , cans ) and a small counter holding 12 @-@ 14 entrees .
Staff is very accomodating .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .
Great value for the quality ingredients .
So if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at Montparnasse , go early for the pre @-@ theater prix @-@ fixe .
also it &apos;s great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place , the service it &apos;s just perfect ... they &apos;re so frendly that we never want to live the place !
at taj , vegetarians can rejoice @-@ all the dishes are manna from heaven .
The sushi was awful !
It cannot be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
Everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
For many people , this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic .
Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
The service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from , but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn &apos;t even brought us a check yet !
Very romantic fires - I &apos;ve literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
I would highly recommend Nina &apos;s to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
There is usually a wait but it is well worth it .
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection .
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
This place , however , has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above @-@ average .
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
I was back @-@ to @-@ back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
It &apos;s super @-@ trendy and there &apos;s always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess didn &apos;t have my name .
Stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
Try the Pad Thai , or sample anything on the appetizer menu ... they &apos;re all delicious .
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
They don &apos;t seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
limited menu , no @-@ so @-@ fresh ingredients , thinly @-@ sliced fish , fall @-@ apart rice .
While the food was excellent , it wasn &apos;t cheap ( though not extremely expensive either ) .
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would &apos;ve been fine for me .
Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
The food was not very tasty , the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I &apos;ve ever had ) .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart &apos;s and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
Service is top notch .
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
I had the best ravioli ever .
I loved this place ! !
This is the kind of place you &apos;d like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing .
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
My friend &apos;s food was also the complete opposite of what it &apos;s supposed to taste like ( aND look like ) .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart &apos;s and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy .
The mussles were the fishiest things I &apos;ve ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken had bones in it ... It was disgusting .
My roommate and I LOVE this place .
But , they were too big for the bun .
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it &apos;s in the West Village .
The main downside to the place is the nazi @-@ like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i &apos;ve ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews .
Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
If you don &apos;t mind pre @-@ sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
All the food was hot tasty .
The ambience was nice , but service wasn &apos;t so great .
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I wouldn &apos;t recommend to my American friends as it &apos;s very spicy .
big and soft as well as good lunch food .
During our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick @-@ ass roti .
It &apos;s boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average ... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .
While the room is not particularly comfortable , once you &apos;re seated you &apos;ll forget about everything except what &apos;s on your plate .
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno @-@ lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish &apos;s sweetness .
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit .
The menu has lots of options : I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery , generic white sauce , this is your place .
My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice .
Too bad the food wasn &apos;t of the same heritage .
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
What a great place .
We started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner .
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria &apos;s .
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don &apos;t like .
Great food , great lay out and awesome service .
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food ( all fast foods in my opinion ) .
i don &apos;t usually order wine with indian so i can &apos;t comment on their wine list or their wines .
He takes real pride in his food and his business .
It is about FOOD and Ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
The staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces .
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and can &apos;t seem to find a great Italian restaurant , drive to Corona .
While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service ( waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service ) and lack of remorse .
They &apos;ve the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy .
NO more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
however , it &apos;s the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
The food however , is what one might expect .
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can &apos;t wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
Apparently , the good cook works then .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
I don &apos;t know about you guys , but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere .
I &apos;ve never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
Made my dining experience uncomfortable .
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3 @-@ 6 each ) .
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
There was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial .
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal .
The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
It &apos;s a small cute restaurant .
I really loved the different and inovated touch that &apos;s the cheff gives to the food .
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
Best dish is nori @-@ wrapped tuna .
A restaurant that doesn &apos;t try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
The Halibut was too salty , dessert was so so ( don &apos;t waste any of your calories ) and service was poor .
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price can &apos;t be beat ! ! !
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren &apos;t as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
The food is fresh , delicious , and reasonably priced .
Over time , the food quality has decreased substantially , it is a lot less crowded than it used to , and the service must definitely be part of the reason .
From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
The seafood is amazing , there &apos;s a good wine list , and the ever @-@ changing menu always offers some great surprises .
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking .
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever .
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
We had the pot @-@ stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
We went around 9 : 30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno @-@ lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish &apos;s sweetness .
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house !
The food was spicy and delicious .
I need at least three rolls to be full , and that &apos;s at least $ 14.00 !
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
A great choice at any cost and a great deal .
it &apos;s the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
But don &apos;t ever order bacon late at nite ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter don &apos;t from any take out place ) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food !
Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .
The sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been sub @-@ par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating ( if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud ) .
great wine list ( italian ) , good food , service was INITIALLY fine .
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better . ! !
The location is perfect .
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff .
We started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner .
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) .
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
If you can handle that , it &apos;s a great place for a business dinner , fun with friends or simply a table for 2 .
Over price , and small portions .
Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
Because of the delicate thin crust , take @-@ out pies get soggy in their boxes .
Overall , the best bagel in town .
The main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .
I don &apos;t like Indian food too much and this was delicious , however you want to factor that into the equation .
I haven &apos;t eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
This place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
this is the best secret place in midtown &apos; , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms ) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
We got a little tipsy from the sake but isn &apos;t that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever @-@ changing menu keep us coming back .
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
The worst excuse for Japanese food I &apos;ve ever encountered .
if you &apos;re looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you &apos;re looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari &apos;s ( east side ) .
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
The palak paneer was standard , and I was not a fan of the malai kofta .
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
We left after one drink .
The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
While certain staples are excellent ( the burger , some of the pastas ) , the food is not really the point .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out .
Great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
Warning : You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu !
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle @-@ light , food @-@ quality and service overcompensate .
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL .
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats ) .
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat .
Three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .
It &apos;s a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu .
Rao is a good restaurant , but it &apos;s nothing special .
The service is awful .
The atmosphere is great ! ! !
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
But that wasn &apos;t the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived .
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great !
Orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC .
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .
Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
The well mannered , pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ .
If you love seafood , you would love this place !
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
The food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next .
My friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ... not outstanding , but good .
Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
Our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not @-@ trying @-@ too @-@ hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them .
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn &apos;t try to overpack the rice .
Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
As I made the title , it &apos;s an affordable restaurant for great taste .
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice .
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
Why do people rave about the ambience .
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
A wonderful place !
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
The Italian food has flavor ( that can be sort of surprising on the UES ) , and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive , they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90 &apos;s , no matter how bad it look , you knew that there was a rally just around the corner ...
Monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it &apos;s on the menu or not .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
There was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
I can &apos;t believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I &apos;m used to .
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza &apos;s in NY .
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess , it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well .
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
The place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
Our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not @-@ trying @-@ too @-@ hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
Two people in our party felt like something else , and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu .
Great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) .
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
Make sure you try this place as often as you can .
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
Service- friendly and attentive .
The staff has always been attentive and kind , and I &apos;ve always been amazed at how they &apos;ve handled all the various different group sizes that come in .
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
Also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) didn &apos;t come with anything like chips or a side .
What is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I &apos;ve ever had ) .
Sake collection was excellent ( Try Nanbu Bijin ) , but pricy .
This place doesn &apos;t compare with Mamoun &apos;s in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that &apos;s just my opinion .
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks .
As far as the service goes , the waitresses were not particularly friendly , but they got the job done .
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
The main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .
Great food , great lay out and awesome service .
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which wasn &apos;t listed but made for us upon request !
The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
I didn &apos;t complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .
The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , won &apos;t put your wallet out of commission .
Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
i don &apos;t usually order wine with indian so i can &apos;t comment on their wine list or their wines .
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre @-@ theatre or after @-@ theatre drinks !
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
The food is excellent !
We didn &apos;t even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
The waiter was attentive .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
Skip this restaurant , it &apos;s a big disappointment .
Besides , when you have bad service , that &apos;s less money you have to tip .
Try the Pad Se @-@ Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive ( considering we were the only ones there for the first hour ) .
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .
Service was decent , but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
The food was great and the service was even better .
The food was bland oily .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that &apos;s about 2 1 / 2 drinks ) for $ 8.50 ( I recommend the Vanilla Shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .
Decor is nice and minimalist , food simple yet very well presented and cooked , and the wine list matches the food very well .
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef &apos;s special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE .
My wife and I went to Orsay for Valentine &apos;s dinner .
Service is not what you are coming here for ...
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they &apos;ve skipped my order .
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .
Check this place out !
A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
It &apos;s definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
Check out the secret back room .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
Myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the City ; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else .
Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
I haven &apos;t eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
We ate outside at Haru &apos;s Sake bar because Haru &apos;s restaurant next door was overflowing .
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can &apos;t remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end .
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well @-@ prepared .
This place is always very crowded and popular .
skip dessert .
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
I loved everythig about it @-@ especially the shows and actors .
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off @-@ set by the pour @-@ your @-@ own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
The service was attentive .
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy .
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it &apos;s still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin @-@ crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I &apos;d never heard of before .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
We did tip , I guess the model / waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager .
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had ( I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat ) .
The food was absolutely amazing ! !
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it &apos;s a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don &apos;t hesitate to ask for help with what to get .
But don &apos;t ever order bacon late at nite ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter don &apos;t from any take out place ) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
I almost wanted to write a bad review , so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself !
The bruschetta and panini &apos;s are so yummy !
Several of the dim sum orders had about 6 @-@ 8 pieces .
Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
fine dining restaurant quality .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price can &apos;t be beat ! ! !
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but .
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
Great selection of wine , and seafood .
I &apos;ve read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , didn &apos;t much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
Overall , not worth the money .
Definitely not worth the price !
Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating , not overbearing .
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty .
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
I &apos;ve dined at Alain Ducasse &apos;s restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective !
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over @-@ bearing or rushed .
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I couldn &apos;t believe the food .
We &apos;ve never had any problems with the staff but maybe we &apos;ve been lucky ?
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
if this happens , just ask for real naan .
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
Have frequented &apos; ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
Yakitori ( bbq meats ) is tasty too .
I &apos;ve overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I &apos;ve been sitting there while he lectured another customer .
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
While they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but couldn &apos;t make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
The wine list isn &apos;t great , and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno &apos;s down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .
Try the tandoori salmon !
The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
I &apos;ve been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste .
The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai ( more modern and sleek ) .
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
You are paying for the atmosphere , which is nice , but can be had in numerous places in Bay Ridge .
As a retired hipster , I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid @-@ back late night in the city .
If you want some roast duck , pork or chicken on rice with ginger , try them out !
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it &apos;s in the West Village .
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses !
The lamb meat was under @-@ cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY .
Light , refreshing summer rolls ( not fried ) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
The most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue .
The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , won &apos;t put your wallet out of commission .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle @-@ light , food @-@ quality and service overcompensate .
It took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
I am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place !
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
We began with the cheese fondue ( the artisanal blend ) and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
We &apos;ve only eaten in the restaurant once , but we have ordered many times for dinner .
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away .
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
less wait time for me !
I recommend their Pad See Ew , Pork Chops or Tofu plates .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
If the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
Everything was wonderful ; food , drinks , staff , mileau .
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired &apos; doneness &apos; accompanied by salads and sides that don &apos;t look like leafy road kill .
In fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and I couldn &apos;t help telling them that the food was horrible .
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
Everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
Tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
We a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
The prices cannot be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something ( although they dont forget to charge you for it .
I was very impressed by this low @-@ key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine ! ! !
They don &apos;t seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
The food is amazing ... especially if you get the Chef &apos;s tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .
Plus they made a perfect martini .
I really liked this place .
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut @-@ down .
Save your money and don &apos;t waste your calories , go to Margharita &apos;s on Washington Street instead , they have amazing food and the BEST service .
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W &apos;burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate ( and thank goodness , in my opinion ) but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
We were fans of the half @-@ price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it &apos;s cool and the music is hear well there .
Here &apos;s to the fake fish tanks too ...
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would &apos;ve been fine for me .
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
Always good drinks and service is pretty good ;
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
The anti @-@ pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef &apos;s passion ( and kitchen &apos;s precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
You don &apos;t go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole @-@ in @-@ the @-@ wall feeling of the place .
You should pass on the calamari .
The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room ( no matter what the size of your party ) , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you &apos;ll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you &apos;re in .
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you &apos;re into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz &apos; Deli , or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants .
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
Reasonable prices .
The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
While the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in New York City , there is definitely better food in that range , and so Sapphire , despite it &apos;s lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return .
An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef &apos;s passion ( and kitchen &apos;s precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .
Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time .
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
The decor is very simple but comfortable .
While the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in New York City , there is definitely better food in that range , and so Sapphire , despite it &apos;s lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return .
Next time , we wouldn &apos;t dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
It appears to be the owner &apos;s first venture and it shows .
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
I &apos;d highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and didn &apos;t feel rushed at all even though there was a wait .
Get the soup and a nosh ( pastrami sandwich ) for $ 8 and you &apos;re golden .
Wow over 100 beers to choose from .
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we &apos;ve ever had .
First off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her ( odd in a restaurant with 6 tables ) and got our order wrong .
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza &apos;s in NY .
I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
And , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
While the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
Haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service .
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
Plain and simple it &apos;s bad thai food .
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top @-@ notch .
The only concern i have is with the slighly all @-@ business waitstaff who order and throw the food down , rushing you out .
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street .
Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge .
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
Great wine list , reasonably priced.--Sara
Note that they do not serve beer , you must bring your own .
at night , but it &apos;s hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous .
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
I am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place !
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I &apos;d drink popcorn topping before I &apos;d eat another one of these .
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere .
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
Compared to Ess @-@ a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
The food is very good for it &apos;s price , better than most fried dumplings I &apos;ve had .
Please try the Filet Mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .
The food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
They didn &apos;t give us the dinner special until we asked for it .
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
The food is great .
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde !
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store .
However , I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
Check out the secret back room .
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I &apos;ve ever had ) .
Ok , so the servers wander around a little clueless , but there &apos;s more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it &apos;s fine , you just have to make a small effort to get their attention .
The counter service is bad .
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you &apos;re with .
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken , then this is NOT your place .
Overall , I &apos;m still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its Chinatown .
The owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you &apos;ll like it !
Overall I was impressed and will return , it &apos;s a great QPR ( Quality to Price Ratio ) .
Took my mom for Mother &apos;s Day , and the maitre d &apos; was pretty rude .
This is a great place to take out @-@ of @-@ towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
The $ 300 bill was a bit steep , but the experience was great .
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
Everything was wonderful ; food , drinks , staff , mileau .
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .
Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad .
I can &apos;t wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
Get your food to go , find a bench , and kick back with a plate of dumplings .
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
Just don &apos;t take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
Three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
The food was very expensive ( we spent $ 160 for lunch for two ) but extremely tasty .
they didn &apos;t disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap ( undercooked ) beef .
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky .
However , I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent @-@ the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter &apos;s Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
We didn &apos;t even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
I &apos;ve been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city .
Try the chocolate mud cake ( warmed ) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I &apos;m willing to overlook it .
We had great desserts ( including the best cannoli I &apos;ve ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice @-@ 1 for our order and 2 @-@ for our check .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
Its worth the wait though .
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you don &apos;t like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
Threw my fiance &apos;s surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn &apos;t be happier .
they didn &apos;t disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
The staff is courteous and friendly .
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato ( with espresso ) , which were tasty , but I thought a bit overpriced .
While this isn &apos;t classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn @-@ outs .
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
I went to Del Frisco &apos;s Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8 : 00 reservation .
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT .
Indoor was very cozy and cute .
The decor in this place is very diner @-@ ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened .
But , nothing stands out about the cooking .
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) .
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
We &apos;ve been following chef Lyle &apos;s food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
I &apos;ve been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I &apos;m craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .
Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
They &apos;ve the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
The seafood is amazing , there &apos;s a good wine list , and the ever @-@ changing menu always offers some great surprises .
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3.00 in NYC .
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , ( WOW ) you &apos;ll need no more .
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning .
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal .
Great food ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry ) , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
Just because it &apos;s cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
I had the mango chicken and i can &apos;t go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful .
In reality ( to maximize potential diners ) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad .
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants .
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre @-@ theatre or after @-@ theatre drinks !
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I wouldn &apos;t recommend to my American friends as it &apos;s very spicy .
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
Good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch .
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
My husband said he could &apos;ve eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
I LOVE their Thai
otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats .
If you live in new york city , you &apos;ll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I wouldn &apos;t recommend to my American friends as it &apos;s very spicy .
The staff is no nonsense .
This wasn &apos;t the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but I thought that was what made the place so special .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city .
Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i &apos;ve ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer .
I &apos;m happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
To begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off , like in this case .
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we hadn &apos;t ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served ( and that order was undercooked ) , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and wouldn &apos;t miss roxy , s food is expensive but it &apos;s new york !
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make &apos; em worth eating .
Try the Pad Thai , it &apos;s fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
Tiny dessert was $ 8.00 ... just plain overpriced for what it is .
From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot doesn &apos;t miss a beat .
We were on our way back to NJ , and since I am in NY , we figured why not grab some food ?
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
The sauces used are also not that exciting .
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
The bread is the soft paratha bread ( unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta ) , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
The lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine ! !
The food at this place is &apos; gourmet &apos; Indian cuisine .
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
Good , because hey , it &apos;s more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
The website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing .
The decor is night tho ... but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling ... its quite un @-@ appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .
The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderfull .
Kind , attentive wait staff .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
The food is very average ... the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I wouldn &apos;t recommend to my American friends as it &apos;s very spicy .
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
The mussles were the fishiest things I &apos;ve ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken had bones in it ... It was disgusting .
fresh restaurant was amazing ........ food was delicious and of course fresh .
The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I &apos;ve had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
Went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
The overall price tag was very very expensive , something I did expect .
When you &apos;re sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand @-@ painted high ceiling ) you &apos;d never know there was a world outside .
Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
The entire dining experience was wonderful !
I would highly recommend Nina &apos;s to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it &apos;s cool and the music is hear well there .
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
We had great desserts ( including the best cannoli I &apos;ve ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well @-@ prepared .
The sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been sub @-@ par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating ( if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud ) .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
This wasn &apos;t the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but I thought that was what made the place so special .
The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside .
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing .
The food is consistently wonderful - I &apos;ve been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
When going out for a nice dinner , I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar .
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
Salads were fantastic .
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food .
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .
I stumbled upon this second floor walk @-@ up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don &apos;t like .
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .
While I quite liked the food and the ambience , I &apos;m not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
The drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I &apos;ve had at this price range .
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
Service is average .
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever .
( Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer ! ! !
I got the $ 10 10 @-@ piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food .
The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
Service was decent , but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown .
NO more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
While most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don &apos;t skimp .
My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime .
This place doesn &apos;t compare with Mamoun &apos;s in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that &apos;s just my opinion .
Overall , excellent restaurant !
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can &apos;t remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
For dinner I had the chicken tikka @-@ masala and some garlic naan .
Stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it .
While the room is not particularly comfortable , once you &apos;re seated you &apos;ll forget about everything except what &apos;s on your plate .
The fried rice is really good too .
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick @-@ ass roti .
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn &apos;t seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non @-@ busy night ( for the coat check girls ) .
The food is expensive , but worth every bite .
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
Check it out , it won &apos;t hurt your stomach or your wallet .
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .
The staff was very attentive , the ambience lovely , and the food superb .
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room ( no matter what the size of your party ) , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you &apos;ll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you &apos;re in .
The other night we had the $ 30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of .
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
Taxan delicious !
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I don &apos;t need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait @-@ staff who don &apos;t recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that doesn &apos;t care .
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
Still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away ( we hadn &apos;t even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink ) , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
The food was just OK , at least for what food was available .
Waiters are slow but sweet .
The food is amazing ! ! ! !
Food is great .
Service was on par but not wonderful .
Had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~ $ 55.00 , not including tip .
The soup is pretty good too .
The pizza is good though .
We waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right .
The decor is nice , but more casual than fine dining .
Normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain .
The decor is night tho ... but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling ... its quite un @-@ appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .
So , for good food i &apos;d recommend it , but not for a fun night out .
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful !
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren &apos;t as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected .
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze ( they told me that if I call in the order , they &apos;d bring it out to the car so I wouldn &apos;t have to look for parking ) .
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion , but not for regular fine dining .
From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
Our tiny table for two ( dinner plates hung over edge ) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer .
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent .
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese .... both very tasty .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
And Kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across .
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it &apos;s still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner .
It &apos;s a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
We had reservations at 9pm , but was not seated until 10 : 15pm .
My biggest complaint was the un @-@ tasty food although presented well .
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple @-@ decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably @-@ sized portion ( and price ) .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo .
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
Based on the reviews for dinner , this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that , but definitely not for Dim Sum again .
The owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you &apos;ll like it !
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
The dim sum here is only so @-@ so .
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan .
Ballato &apos;s is consistently delicious authentic italian food .
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 &apos;s .
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you .
Please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you won &apos;t be disappointed .
Ravioli was good ... but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced .
The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
We ate here in March , 2006 and ordered the pre @-@ theatre 3 @-@ course dinner with wine flight .
Seriously , this is the best all you can eat in town- As everyone says , the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these , and you &apos;ve broken even .
It &apos;s super @-@ trendy and there &apos;s always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
Great food ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry ) , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there .
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) .
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
Lunch came with pickels and slaw , no extra charge .
this is the best secret place in midtown &apos; , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms ) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic .
I like the ambience , it &apos;s very dark and original .
This place , however , has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above @-@ average .
The waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .
You can &apos;t go wrong with this place .
Service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens .
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent @-@ the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
It was nice and fresh , but I can &apos;t give it high scores on being authentic thai .
The place is sleek , modern and playfull and i will return again frequently .
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
Appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious ! ! !
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal .
We a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
The ceiling is amazing !
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , I feel .
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner .
We didn &apos;t get drink refills and she didn &apos;t even offer us the option of dessert .
I recommend their Pad See Ew , Pork Chops or Tofu plates .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry , I understood they were busy .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
This place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food doesn &apos;t quite match up .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
The only concern i have is with the slighly all @-@ business waitstaff who order and throw the food down , rushing you out .
Planet Thai is great !
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
If you &apos;re looking for a great meal at a decent price , go to Del Frisco &apos;s !
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
Other than the crappy service from two individuals , it &apos;s great .
This place is worth an one @-@ hour drive .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
If you live in Upper Manhattan , Siam Square is THE place for Thia food .
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but couldn &apos;t make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom &apos;s of course ) .
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I don &apos;t have to deal with crowds or lines .
The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it &apos;s on the menu or not .
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses .
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week &apos;s notice .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
In the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , NY crowd .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
I LOVED THE SHOWS .
During our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .
After dinner , take your date to the HUGE dance floor , probably one of the biggest you &apos;ll see in NY .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
Our tiny table for two ( dinner plates hung over edge ) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you don &apos;t like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
They don &apos;t seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i &apos;ve ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
I &apos;m partial to the Gnocchi .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
Won &apos;t or Can &apos;t is not in the service directory .
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
Not only was the food outstanding , but the little &apos; perks &apos; were great .
I had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , I &apos;m a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .
Wine list is extensive without being over @-@ priced .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
My husband and I enjoy Sangria .
Prices are very good .
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can &apos;t remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients don &apos;t make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
It &apos;s the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot &apos;s of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we hadn &apos;t ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served ( and that order was undercooked ) , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
I &apos;ve had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city .
The food is great and reasonably priced .
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES .
The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it &apos;s never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe &apos;s .
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat .
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter .
black white shakes came out good also .
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food !
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
Sauce was watery and the food didn &apos;t have much flavor .
The food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next .
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3 @-@ 6 each ) .
This place is a great bargain .
Great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you &apos;ve ever seen ( specifically the blond lady ) .
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me .
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid .
It &apos;s a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence !
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
However , they &apos;ve got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
The food is nothing like its menu description .
The staff isn &apos;t the friendliest or most competent , and I am stickler for service , but everything else about this place makes up for it .
Chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great .
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap ( undercooked ) beef .
The service is descent even when this small place is packed .
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter .
We actually gave 10 % tip ( which we have never done despite mediocre food and service ) , because we felt totally ripped off .
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection .
I haven &apos;t eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
The restaurant has a Family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single @-@ handedly solved third world famine .
I think I &apos;ve had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
All I can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you &apos;ll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .
While this can hardly be called a restaurant , it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten : $ 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2 @-@ 3 entrees .
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square .
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
Definite go if you &apos;re used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
We asked to be moved ( which took half an hour ) , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty .
The waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st , taj mahal is also very comparable , in food quality , to the much overpraised ( and underdeserving ) baluchi &apos;s .
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
They are the best bagels I &apos;ve had .
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
When my husband and go there , we spend $ 60.00 ( have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more ) I can &apos;t say any more , it a place you &apos;ll never forget If you never go , you &apos;ll miss A Meal of your life time
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing ... their Pizza .
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent .
Oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
Best dish is nori @-@ wrapped tuna .
I &apos;m no food critic , but I &apos;d like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years .
$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
I liked the food at this quasi @-@ thai restaurant .
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda .
The food is very good for it &apos;s price , better than most fried dumplings I &apos;ve had .
they didn &apos;t disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
Try the Pad Thai , it &apos;s fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
A must for all the Dosa lovers .
Amma is nothing special .
It &apos;s just O.K. pizza .
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy .
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
Outstanding Bagels , but you get what you pay for .
The mussles were the fishiest things I &apos;ve ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken had bones in it ... It was disgusting .
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant .
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
The lox is always fresh too .
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine , so if you want to make a reservation you are limited .
The service is awful--the last time I was there ( and I do mean the last time ) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave .
What I didn &apos;t like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
The menu has so many fish items and oysters .
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
The food is delicious .
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15 @-@ 20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City , the food was not what I had hoped for .
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar .
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
For years , I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best , but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit .
We always get a sampling of appetizers and share .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high ( ask for extra rye bread ) .
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
Try green curry with vegetables .
In summer @-@ eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of Suan ) ! ! !
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
The restaurant has a Family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single @-@ handedly solved third world famine .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
This place is incredibly tiny .
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
Forget the rush and the wait and the noise ( which isn &apos;t actually that bad ) , I mean please , who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic ?
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza ( as I love La Pizza Fresca ) .
The restaurant is cute but not upscale .
Spice is great Thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
The food was just awful , ATROCIOUS actually .
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .
Delicious crab cakes too .
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
The best burger I have had in the Village .
Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well @-@ prepared .
The Dim Sum was so @-@ so , but not spectacular .
Only drawback - they won &apos;t toast your bagel , and they don &apos;t make eggs for the bagel .
Service was good and food is wonderful .
The seafood is amazing , there &apos;s a good wine list , and the ever @-@ changing menu always offers some great surprises .
The food now is inconsistent .
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
Excellent lunch buffet for only $ 6.95 .
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that &apos;s about 2 1 / 2 drinks ) for $ 8.50 ( I recommend the Vanilla Shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
Love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it .. very fortunate , location wise .
I didn &apos;t expect to like Nosh as much as I did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly , the soups are like Mom &apos;s , and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel &apos;s a run for its money .
Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
Wouldn &apos;t recomend it for dinner !
We ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn &apos;t a problem to get our table immediately .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had .
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
The service is ok , some of the people didn &apos;t get what they asked for .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can &apos;t wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional .
Get the tuna of gari .
the food was undercooked @-@ the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
Saul is pretty good , but definitely not great .
Any if you have a reservation you &apos;ll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .
I / we will never go back to this place again .
The burger was great , also .
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out .
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly .
First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato ( with espresso ) , which were tasty , but I thought a bit overpriced .
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
The in @-@ house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle @-@ light , food @-@ quality and service overcompensate .
Of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ?
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles &apos; heel .
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there .
Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever @-@ changing menu keep us coming back .
We could not catch our waiter &apos;s eye , and he ignored us .
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it .
The only thing the waiters don &apos;t do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
When my husband and go there , we spend $ 60.00 ( have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more ) I can &apos;t say any more , it a place you &apos;ll never forget If you never go , you &apos;ll miss A Meal of your life time
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini &apos;s .....
The pizza here is delicious .
The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $ 3.25 too .
From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot doesn &apos;t miss a beat .
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York .
The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I &apos;ve had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
I care more about the food and ambience .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you &apos;ll love it here .
Restaurant snobs need not bother , this is a small , neighborhood kind of place .
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary .
Love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it .. very fortunate , location wise .
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
Service was quick .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent ! !
A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I &apos;ve had at this price range .
The staff isn &apos;t the friendliest or most competent , and I am stickler for service , but everything else about this place makes up for it .
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
The food is good , but very expensive for the casualness of it .
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
Food and service was okay .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
If you &apos;re craving for Haru &apos;s great food , especially the House Roll , but can &apos;t stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it .
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , La Villa can &apos;t be beat .
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
For great chinese food nearby , you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away .
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I &apos;ve ever had ) .
Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
We were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .
At 5 dumplings for $ 1 , you just cannot go wrong .
Warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments ( witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms ) .
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
The Thai food is good .
Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
The service varys from day to day- sometimes they &apos;re very nice , and sometimes not .
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
When we notified him that he didn &apos;t mention the specials , he didn &apos;t apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
For years , I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best , but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit .
The food is great , service is ok .
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy .
We &apos;ve been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
Chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .
This food is asian @-@ air fusion .
For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion ... a bucket of food literally .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
So all I &apos;m trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I &apos;ve ever been to .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients don &apos;t make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
I stumbled upon this second floor walk @-@ up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
While this can hardly be called a restaurant , it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten : $ 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2 @-@ 3 entrees .
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
The food is great , service is ok .
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
Monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
the all @-@ u @-@ can @-@ eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality .
Also , don &apos;t plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it &apos;s not on the menu , you can &apos;t have it .
also it &apos;s great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place , the service it &apos;s just perfect ... they &apos;re so frendly that we never want to live the place !
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi wasn &apos;t fresh .
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
While the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not @-@ so @-@ little gem does , it amazing he &apos;s even able to remember a consistent but not @-@ so @-@ frequent visitor .
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar .
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly .
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
Zero ambiance to boot .
Great food , great decor , great service .
The food was actually aweful .
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but , that &apos;s just it -- the PAST !
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria , but facing away from the bar when we turned back around , the $ 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it .
When going out for a nice dinner , I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ @-@ ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not @-@ so @-@ fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , I can &apos;t wait !
Not enough wines by the glass either .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that &apos;s about 2 1 / 2 drinks ) for $ 8.50 ( I recommend the Vanilla Shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here : simple contract , deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20 .
However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria &apos;s .
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 &apos;s .
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
The people with carts of food don &apos;t understand you because they don &apos;t speak English , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate ( and thank goodness , in my opinion ) but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US .
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .
Bottom line : B + for the food , F for the service .
Food is great and inexpensive .
The buffet had a nice selection .
The makhani was OK --the korma was bland .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
We began with the cheese fondue ( the artisanal blend ) and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we hadn &apos;t ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served ( and that order was undercooked ) , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I &apos;ve had at this price range .
The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas .
We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
Try ordering from the regular menu , then you would not regret !
Even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .
If it isn &apos;t for the food ( A + + + ) , it must be the service or the ambience .
Not a small feat for good french food in the area .
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon .
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
It cannot be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
If the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
They charge $ 6.00 for rice .
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish .
Food was OK - fish was cooked well .
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .
$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar @-@ soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
Baluchi &apos;s has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken .
The wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde .
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
It &apos;s a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
We began with the cheese fondue ( the artisanal blend ) and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
You cannot go wrong with this place .
It &apos;s charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic , even .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
Great neighborhood joint .
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .
The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess ( stacks of bottles , cans ) and a small counter holding 12 @-@ 14 entrees .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick @-@ ass roti .
Overall I was impressed and will return , it &apos;s a great QPR ( Quality to Price Ratio ) .
The service is always bad though , don &apos;t expect much of anything from your server , and I would not recommend bringing a date here either .
The food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin @-@ crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I &apos;d never heard of before .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked @-@ to @-@ perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant , so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here .
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
I &apos;ve had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma &apos;s Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don &apos;t skimp .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , ( WOW ) you &apos;ll need no more .
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal .
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
Try the chocolate mud cake ( warmed ) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy !
Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
If you &apos;d like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent , Long Tan is a good place on the slope .
Killer Sushi !
The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
We a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
It &apos;s boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average ... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
We had great desserts ( including the best cannoli I &apos;ve ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
I work near @-@ by , and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick @-@ cooked item .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d &apos; apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
Service was excellent , and the AC worked very well too ( thank God , it was hot ! ) .
The service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
The place &apos;s decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
So much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand @-@ crafted beers .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin @-@ crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I &apos;d never heard of before .
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area .
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .
I have been there many times , and food is good and consistent .
A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
If you &apos;re looking for a great meal at a decent price , go to Del Frisco &apos;s !
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did &apos;nt feel like finishing them .
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderfull .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I don &apos;t need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait @-@ staff who don &apos;t recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that doesn &apos;t care .
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
The bagels are fabulous .
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
The staff offers impeccable service .
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and couldn &apos;t get a table .
Our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not @-@ trying @-@ too @-@ hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
Great pizza and fantastic service .
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
The restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese .
Good , because hey , it &apos;s more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn &apos;t as good .
We only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered .
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
The pizza was really good .
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
The prices cannot be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent @-@ the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
Still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
the food is decent .
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
