she explained that saturdays are busy and she tried to smooth everything over .
they said it is not something they want and it was outdated .
do n't waste your time or money here .
i think pace mild sauce is hotter than this stuff .
went here on a recommendation from a good friend while on a business trip .
the service was really good and our waiter is very very nice .
and fun people watching !
nice office , nice staff .
the price for the taco plate and a large horchata was $ _num_ .
the food was amazing .
service was great !
twice with family ( they picked the restaurant , once with my fiancee ) .
they were also soggy and seemed under cooked .
our guide , john , was so friendly and informative .
had amazing fettuccine !
the pizza is always fresh and hot when it arrives .
outstanding .
wo n't be back .
our dog always come back looking sharp and happy .
he could not be bothered .
it was impressive .
that 's `` sir '' , or the name on my gold card .
staff and performers are fantastic .
loose plastic tab on my grille .
friendly owner .
we will hit it again next time we are in town .
will edit upon happy purchase !
mike is seriously the best dentist ever .
you will love ruth 's chris .
i love ethnic food .
this place does not qualify as a restaurant , mexican or otherwise .
sweet , sugary and drenched in hot fudge and other toppings .
_num_ bars in one !
she apologized and gave me the contact information to the collection agency .
this is the perfect place to end any day .
thursday nights are my favorite since i totally dig the jazz there .
i would go here again even if someone else was buying - ish .
are n't these people vegan ?
all he said was `` leave '' and walked away from us .
this is the best breakfast i have ever had !
make it a point to see how the patient is doing !
very nice gym .
john was extremely friendly and helpful .
plenty of shade and beautiful atmosphere on the patio .
laurie is not only knowledgable , but she is professional and well trained .
always have enjoyed my meals and service here .
one of my new favorites !
to add insult to injury the whole meal was swimming .
their prices were extraordinarily reasonable , the staff was fantastic .
i got eggs , bacon , potatoes , cheese and beans my norm .
i love my hair !
the chili or whatever was on my taco salad was down right gross .
my little guy loves it too !
he called me back and promised to come fix it .
masters of their craft !
they are super friendly here as well .
the food was cold and i found two hairs in the wings .
but by turning the air conditioning down to _num_ .
another great job , woohoo !
one thing i noticed is also how bad the pizza looked !
great business ; i will be coming back !
used to love this place .
stay far away from here !
i did n't find out until this morning that she hated them .
great service and friendly staff .
the team there is awesome !
the patio here is great !
the staff is amazing and the vibe is cool .
the had taste and were fresh .
the salon is clean and the conversation is always easy and interesting !
very clean and has a good scottsdale feel .
food here is also so good !
the cauliflower was actually cold to the touch .
was really hoping they would be my neighborhood beauty stop .
maybe try putting cheese on the pizza .
razz is a real gem !
plus the place is a real value .
love , love , love it !
that 's how badly they ruined it for me !
the man did not stop her .
maybe we will call in a togo order _num_ hours prior to meal time .
the one we shop at has fresh sushi .
i love villa deli !
we all had different meals and all the food was excellent .
i am definitely making this my permanent salon and will definitely request susan again .
the meat platter is a must !
this being said , i was extremely dissapointed in this location .
this place hit the spot food was good as was the service .
recommend him to anybody , girls or guys !
the best breakfast place i 've been to so far !
no flavor whatsoever .
good food , great selection of beer .
the service was good even though they were busy .
i moved from out of state and met some really good friends here .
we were greeted with warm smiles .
worth finding to hang out with some friends .
like i said before , the comedy was the only good factor .
fantastic kabob !
this is an amazing restaurant .
thanks for the excellent service !
the staff and dr martin took such tender loving care of us .
this place is out of control lol !
owner : a very rude man .
so frustrating !
we visit scottsdale every year and this is one of our must go places .
daddy and daughter returned before the server showed up .
thanks paul for years of honest , great service !
delicious , home-made , affordable and always served in generous proportions .
the service is great , too !
definitely recommend this hospital .
there us lon 's with fantastic food and craft cocktails .
great job !
best salad i have ever had .
someone really turned this place around .
wicked good !
the drinks we had were also tasty .
no refills , no chips .
nothing but excellent .
love my patty tunes .
our order is always right we 've never had a problem !
really happy with their service and will be a long term customer .
disappointing .
real , true authentic italian .
my husband and i really enjoy coming here !
i wish you guys would hire her again .
but i 'm quite literally here _num_ times a week .
worth every penny , try it out !
anyway , we get our bill and the first mimosa was free .
service has always been consistently very good !
maintenance does not fix anything correctly and the management do n't care .
i would n't recommend this place to my worst enemy .
the first problem happened with my fianc 's business shirts .
two remaining chairs badly stained .
neighbors are dirty and have no courtesy to your living !
amazing amazing amazing !
i ask if we can be seated and she still says absolutely nothing .
was able to get seated right away and the food was delicious .
had their wings and they sucked .
i hope the profit was worth it , i 'll never be back .
not authentic .
it 's authentic mexican food .
no more , sonic .
we mainly go for high tea and the eateries !
old , dirty and it looks smelly .
excellent place !
then secondly he was completely lacking what makes a business , customer service !
great , fresh items .
very nice pedicure !
christine is so nice , a true pleasure to deal with .
wow !
food is ok , kind of bland .
our experience here tonight was excellent .
my sandwich was delicious , and they made me a pretty dang good latte .
this dunkin donuts is the best in the valley !
will were exceptional .
i just found this place so much fun and authentic .
and finally came back to tell me they were out of tuna .
the ambiance is very authentic .
alright so the reviews here are spot on .
this really is the best place to bring your car in az !
antipasto salad is another fabulous choice .
highly recommend the guacamole ( with homemade chips ! )
your teeth will thank you .
let 's talk inconsistent acting .
very bad customer service .
the real point is , you really do get what you pay for .
horrible .
i will never order here again , what a waste of _num_ dollars .
ugh .
they are right in the neighborhood which a huge plus !
got tired of wasting my lunch hour so i just left !
with the _num_ % discount here , it is totally worth it !
mediocre thai food .
i highly recommend .
however , the staff is very friendly , efficient , and helpful .
they are super friendly and positive .
they are upfront and cheerful and happy to help .
too bad .
i 've also had their fish fry and it 's awesome !
very sketchy office & no front desk person .
the quality of food is great and the portions are huge .
definitely better than places like ra , is more authentic , and reasonably priced .
i was really impressed by that .
it was a serious mess .
note there are _num_ other people in the whole place .
so she just kept standing at the drink station .
really good flavor and presentation .
all they care about is money and apparently they want all of mine .
very nice range where you feel safe to shoot .
ahh no !
i will be back !
thank god for this office .
food is delicious !
so we ordered custom drinks both were poorly made .
everything taste so fresh .
i was impressed .
thick doughy crust , very flavorful sauce , and wonderfully large amounts of cheese .
i will totally call these guys first next time thanks to ben .
arrived with _num_ friends and picked up our tickets , no issues .
next door bouncer informed me that they are closed .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .
the food was n't anything great .
our service is the reason why this review is getting a lower rating .
i wo n't be back .
quick service , friendly staff , nice and dark , excellent drinks !
i should 've known better .
my friend even had the liver & onions & was pleased .
friendly staff .
pizza is one of the best in town .
i went in december because i was ill and not sure what was wrong .
horrible experience from a repeat customer .
oh and the drinks are expensive too .
amazing !
no apologies - nothing .
this place is now my go to italian spot .
excellent place to stuff a gift basket !
you lost a another few customers today at your location .
perfect after noon lunch place !
it 's great for kids and family night dinners .
friendly , and fast drive threw .
the food was good , not great .
thanks leslie - you 're the best !
completely professional staff .
they have mesquite broiled chicken , salads , ribs and other items .
will not be back .
goes great with sparkling water or a beer .
whatever you do do not get your dress from this place !
just do n't know why they were so slow .
for it being on the lunch special menu , it was pretty pricey .
a hospital should be safe and clean not dirty and unhealthy .
friendly , reasonably priced , would recommend linda and use this salon again .
he did an amazing job and i 'm so grateful .
we absolutely loved the taste of our choice meats .
beware , you have been warned .
i should have read yelp before booking this place .
zipps always seems like such a fun place .
she did n't offer to get more , she did n't apologize , whatever .
she was positive and gave me hope when i needed it most .
thumbs down guys !
this is one of my favorite restaurants in the valley .
i loved the spaghetti and meatballs !
one of my all time favs .
the price was outstanding service was even better .
fun , friendly i would go back .
i like buying new tires that are no good .
they have _num_ basketball for court .
comfort food lives here !
it 's not trendy but it is sincere .
the rice was cold and dry .
i always come away with at least one item for my closet .
the new menu items were pretty good .
there is no security whatsoever .
i go in for a cleaning and then get a bill .
upon entering , the first thing i noticed was no air conditioning .
we ordered the chicken parm sandwich and it was delicious !
the margaritas here are amazing .
excellent staff , amenities , drinks , service , views , and luxury !
if you pay attention to there sales you can get lots of good buys .
_num_ minutes later he was finished .
i needed a new eye doctor because i moved to az .
service : staff was very friendly and i received quick service with a smile .
sometimes i have to wait a while but it is well worth it .
james elliot and his team are the best .
wow , we rolled up for breakfast , and were pleasantly surprised .
the people who work here are the best .
still awesome !
no one said a word to us even though they made eye contact .
beautiful facility that cares about my pets .
wow thats all i have to say .
expensive and you get tiny portions , there is a sharing charge .
i booked a room thru expedia for a friday night .
cant understand why there were so many customers there .
a little dated but still great !
they do a pretty good job for arizona for new york style pizza .
everyone was extremely nice and professional .
i felt very uncomfortable the second i walked in there .
i should also give props to the server as he was prompt and attentive !
the staff is friendly , fast , and all have smiles on their faces .
the scenery and the river are so beautiful .
i have stayed here regularly for business for years .
great barber !
i love the atmosphere of the restaurant .
sales manager lies , and have email to prove it above .
the food its self makes the wait all worth it .
this is our go to lunch spot when i visit my sister .
this is a great dive bar that is very laid back and easy going .
& fresh beef jerky if you 're really lucky !
not good , i would never go back .
had to wait _num_ minutes in a booth before anyone acknowledged us .
the wings were mediocre tasting and were very small in size .
there are no appetizers , just salads for starters .
this is extremely bad customer service !
lost their lease .
my prime rib was very good .
soap .
it 's a little pricey but sooooooo worth it .
the street and gringo fish tacos are awesome too !
really great , authentic food that does n't hurt the wallet .
the cheese calzone was delicious and the veggie sandwich is great .
great service and ambiance .
love the fries !
i got the chopped salad which was perfect & salmon .
it took about _num_ hours total which was anticipated .
he avoided me for at least _num_ min after bringing me the check .
just a very disappointing visit and lackluster serving from the keg at desert ridge .
is also family oriented .
not a fan for many reasons .
love them !
they are honest too .
bland , tasteless , cafeteria food .
food was fresh and delicious .
they are also out of tea and it 's not even noon .
thank you so much !
love this restaurant .
apparently they do n't do complete refunds , which makes _num_ sense .
if you want a slice of heaven ... .
i was so pleased with my experience !
that 's how much i love this place .
they add crisp bacon and green chile to their delicious shaved beef .
i highly recommend this dealership for any of your car needs !
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .
for example the chicken chow mien is with bean sprouts and not noodles .
definitely going back !
i will definitely be going back to get a fill and pedi soon !
my dogs love it there too .
i moved from chicago here to chandler and my neighbors recommended dr. christina .
the best italian deli in arizona .
if i could give zero stars i def would .
kevin provided outstanding service throughout the sales process .
so fifteen minutes after i came back the car is done .
they are the low fat kind you buy from the grocery store .
i love this place .
they seem really friendly and are usually pretty fast .
they seemed small and empty .
this used to be one of my favorite places .
keep in mind , however , that avenue q comes with a traveling cast .
in addition , no one asked if i needed help .
was n't fantastic .
the happy hour is incredible , the nachos are amazing .
highly recommend !
no , thanks .
nothing to worry about here , everything i have had was fresh and tasty !
lemon chicken -- smelled burnt when i got home , looked burnt as well .
for starters , this location is not set up very efficiently .
chicken wings were chewy .
the employees here are friendly , professional , and knowledgeable about their products .
their margaritas are flavorless and weak .
i loved the salsa .
great place for your pet .
awesome place !
service is generally quick and very friendly .
if they do n't have enough catering why keep the restaurant open ?
i will not be going back .
fish tacos nice and light .
gorgeous magical setting .
the first time i tried it was great .
still delicious .
great service too !
this is a great happy hour .
wow this place is great for kids of all ages .
first time ai n't half bad , the second time was pretty awful .
he was not hurry up and get here today today today .
biscuits are huge and the gravy was very flavorful .
i feel sorry for the young employee working the register .
spend your $ $ $ $ elsewhere .
their waffle is also amazing , best waffle in town for sure !
police came but were not allowed in .
no a/c .
at this point i gave up .
i probably wo n't be back .
it was completely wrong .
_num_ damn trips to just get our drinks .
they have a great patio !
love the steak and gooey butter cake .
this store associate was very helpful and nice .
we pay for our rounds , and get _num_ mins to hit some balls .
i highly recommend this place !
they told me _num_ minutes until it was ready .
i can give marshall 's my highest recommendation .
i love this place !
all i ordered was chicken fried rice , and chicken wings .
it may be tricky to find but worth the look .
my consultant was lindsay and she was great !
this place is just ok .
funky restaurant , great food !
were we irritating her or something ?
mesa location is soooooo much better .
there were no other customers in the restaurant .
the bartenders are very nice .
her dad got the ribeye steak which was so tender and flavorful !
thank you guys !
amazing food and unique flavor combinations .
that 's what so great about this place !
it was a good decision !
some of the worst service i 've experienced .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !
pretty bad , but still a little edible .
plus two stars because , hello ... cheeseburgers .
i love this place , drinks and food are wonderful .
menu has variety and tasty specials .
great place for a week and breakfast .
i have been going to total bliss for six years and they are fantastic !
every menu item we 've tried has been terrific .
palms theatre is the place to go for a wonderful variety of entertainment .
while i am on bread , they are located next to a bread smith .
when the prime rib arrived i could not believe my eyes .
this is your fault .
and amazing margaritas !
after making them she pretty much threw them at me and walked away .
always reliable .
this place is awesome !
greedy establishment trying to be like vegas with that reserved crap .
funky atmosphere , great food , great service , generous cocktails .
food came out fast and service was great .
good times !
service and grounds are impeccable .
alex kept our drinks topped the entire dinner and provided warm conversation .
poor customer service ... .
and walked away .
this is definitely a place to try at least once !
just read review below and now i know it 's not a fluke .
not taking it seriously ?
no thanks .
there was a beautiful aquarium near the sushi bar .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
we would have preferred one of your daughters for a big table like ours !
this time , the restaurant was n't even full .
this place sucked !
the breakfast burrito is the best deal in downtown scottsdale .
with tip , came to $ _num_ .
i prefer to support local businesses and will continue coming here .
she is a nightmare to deal with .
pizza , great .
thank you !
i love sonic .
it 's a great place .
i find the food to be consistently good and the service is outstanding .
a great go to for mexican food , friendly staff , and delicious food !
the music is amazing .
avoid this place !
i wish i could give this place zero stars !
not to mention -- they do good work .
boy was i wrong !
management is always kind and concerned .
they were prompt , courteous , clean , and quick .
love it here !
the lot was full but there was no one in the restaurant .
this is our absolute favorite pizza place in scottsdale / cave creek .
always friendly and fast .
no thank you .
of the _num_ of us , _num_ bought items .
i will not be fooled again .
literally , there was no one eating there but our party .
i ca n't recommend it more highly !
it 's not a resort .
what 's inside the package is the real treat .
it 's american food in the worst sense big island meat loaf ?
like the quaint atmosphere really cute !
our bartender was very nice .
our vet is great .
it is up to you how you want your meal to turn out .
very casual , but solid consistent service and food .
their staff is rarely ever anything but attentive and nice .
payed _num_ more dollars for shitty food .
i got confused .
the smells are wonderful and the food is excellent .
immediately when we walked in and had a horrible feeling about this place .
it 's really hard to find `` authentic '' german food in the states .
nope , they were n't going to do anything !
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .
thanks for making my date night out with my _num_ yr old a success .
then she brings me back a quote for $ _num_ .
the worst resort i have ever stayed out .
i am a fan and yay !
the service was excellent and the food was delicious .
the rest of the staff were all friendly and worked well as a team .
thai pan is yet another new favorite entirely due to yelpers ' recommendations .
my mom ordered the margarita panini which was pretty good .
keep up the great job to the both of you .
small place for overall every course was very good .
loved that le did my nails .
i had the pork shank ; very good .
_num_ - _num_ minutes i can understand , _num_ minutes , not really .
they give their customers an honest assessment and provide quality work as necessary .
she was gentle and attentive to my wishes .
thanks again andy .
you can enjoy the smells from the time you pull up !
highly recommended if you like mexican food .
great wine and a great happy hour !
i recommend the sweet potato casserole with pecan crust for a side .
the employees really do care about the kids and it shows .
lots too choose from but piss poor service !
not one employee smiled at us or greeted us .
highly recommended .
the panang was flavorful and just the right amount of heat .
great place , great amazing food and great location !
lenny 's is always a classic .
thank you amanda , i will be back !
the chefs are masters , the fish is so fresh and the price fair .
i wish some doctor 's offices would treat me that good !
it looked like a total mess .
sorry waitresses : - ( i was almost embarrassed for you .
great help and professionals , first rate facility .
its been a month and nothing !
i love nordstrom , let me start off my saying that .
only _num_ tables seated , we ordered a pasta dish and a pizza .
the red sauce on the red enchilada sauce tasted like very bitter vinegar .
it 's not like there are very many slides to begin with .
the bread was super fresh .
( this happened twice ) .
we dined at a corner table and had the most enjoyable experience possible .
i went there with _num_ friends from work friday for lunch .
the food here is only mediocre in my opinion .
they have a ton of toppings to create your own or special unique creations .
waste of food .
the price is very reasonable and they do a great job .
i had just purchased those coupons about a month before .
note to macayo 's : enchilada sauce should be red not orange .
the service was great and the manager was very attentive to the customers .
and they only get the second star because of the service department .
we love this place and voted it the best burger in town .
very clean and comfortable place .
he 's my new barber ... and i highly recommend !
my wife loves the chopped liver & rye you get to start the meal .
the rice was pretty flavorless ; white and cheap .
just two seconds , okay ? ''
got ta share the addiction of this place !
and if you are female , you better believe they will .
first time and sadly enough last time .
overall a great experience .
linda at the front desk and rick are great !
they are unpleasant and condescending .
all were delicious !
the drinks are also really good .
the food is spicy and very unique .
cost might be low but they do not stand behind their products !
the beans were good and the cole slaw was ok .
both were superb !
so far , i 've lived here six months , no big problems really .
maintenance is a joke .
it was a _num_ min wait .
the chips were cold and a bit stale .
they 're really not .
i left very unhappy .
the vanilla bean finish is absolute perfection !
extremely fast service food was out quick and fresh !
this place has some of the best service i 've seen .
all delicious .
open _num_ hours with minimal choices of entrees to pick from the menu .
thank you for a job well done !
this was one of the worst experiences in nail salons i have ever had .
she was knowledgeable as well .
great prices , great values and fun times !
they have seven ingredients , yet _num_ dishes .
this place is authentic and food is great !
he went above and beyond to make our shopping less stressful and fun !
they are super friendly and really great at understanding what you are looking for .
i keep telling myself i will order something else but then i crave gyro .
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .
we probably should 've just left and spent our money elsewhere .
yum yum yum !
it looks great !
ham nothing to write home about .
food is amazing !
it took me less than _num_ min .
it was all ok , i mean i didnt order anything to crazy .
the spring mix was old and it was nothing special .
they 've also got a decent selection of sheet music and books .
so we changed to another italian local place down the road .
personally , i 'm not a fan .
wow !
10/10 very impressed .
she became slightly more pleasant , but the wait for everything was ridiculous .
definitely worth a visit if you 're in old town for lunch or dinner .
not the nostalgic fun place they pretend to be .
unless of course you like bland inedible food .
highly recommend this darling local pizzeria !
this is certainly a must .
the breakfast club is excellent every time .
my dog was so happy .
this place rocks .
_num_ from me .
( pictures to follow ) then came the last kicker .
he is so funny .
thank you baker wee see you soon .
the restaurant has a nice flow and feel to it .
my room was neat and clean , which is really all i care about .
nice little bar with many options for margaritas .
we went friday night and ate at the bar and the food was great !
over by the side wall it sounded like a mess .
it 's a bowling alley 1st and foremost .
love it !
you can order _num_ wings for $ _num_ or _num_ wings for $ _num_ .
whoever answered the phone was completely rude .
and , the color remains looking good for a while .
shannon is great !
fiesta burrito excels at both .
waited _num_ minutes for a starter wrap .
enjoy !
said one cook quit and another had a death in the family .
fast , friendly service should be expected , and they nailed it .
we enjoyed the spicy salmon roll and the viva las vegas roll .
had to walk three miles to purchase a battery in _num_ plus weather !
bartender and server jimmy goes above and beyond .
there was salt all over it and crumbs .
however , i have not done that .
always a great experience here !
wine list had great options .
it surprises me that a business could run this awful .
stop on in , you 'll love it .
delicious food .
i will definitely be back again soon .
the brisket was very good and the sauce was even better .
everything that came out of the kitchen was a work of art & delicious .
gorgeous flowers , music , ambiance - they 've got it down .
she is amazing !
their food is consistently good !
nothing to like about this place .
wonderful , welcoming service .
and treat you like crap .
anyway , this is still one of my favorite places !
the food was mediocre ( if not lacking ) and the service was awful .
i wait a couple more weeks , hear nothing and call again .
arizona bread company is simple in looks but their bread speaks wonders .
wow , it was great !
the staff while kept busy is friendly and quick .
my smoothie is always perfect as well .
the bottom line : sometimes it 's ok , sometimes it 's not .
by the way , the tea was never delivered .
meatballs delicious and marinara sauce to die for .
she was amazing !
great stay .
like this is not a priority at all .
the hamburgers are flat but round .
food and fun !
convenient location , friendly and fast service .
no call back .
avoid this place at all costs !
good ... tasty ... authentic ... inexpensive ... friendly .
just go somewhere else unless you are desperate for chewy orange chicken .
it can get pretty loud but the place is fun .
we had the most wonderful dinner with the most wonderful service !
and set your expectations low .
this has just been consistently disappointing .
some time is reasonable but over thirty minutes for eggs ?
we brought our _num_ kiddos for the first time and it was fantastic .
does anyone know what `` chow fun '' is ?
there are so many good things .
i would n't waste my time .
service is incredible as is the food ... fresh , flavorful and reasonably priced .
horrible sums this place up !
we 'll definitely be coming here with our other pets from now on .
the vendors at these booths all paid to be here .
if you like good service , do n't waste your time .
great patio , deep pours , great selection , not pretentious at all .
the sound guy needs to realize this is an enclosed space and adjust accordingly .
i would definitely come again and recommend to friends .
staff is super friendly and so helpful .
my full set is uneven and lumpy .
do n't believe me ?
did n't ask how things were ... just gave change .
plain awful food .
bartenders are cute and friendly .
if i enjoyed the experience then the money would n't have been a consideration .
one of my favorite stores in town .
pancakes , eggs and bacon .
cute place .
yum , yum , yum !
star _num_ : how were the portions relative to the cost ?
the staff was so friendly !
a salesperson by the name of tim was at the counter .
the family that owns it and runs it are awesome as well .
quality is awesome and the staff is great .
great variety of food to choose from .
i love the beds .
we all enjoy knowing our patients on a personal level .
it was very terrible sound system .
all in all , not bad !
top _num_ restaurants i 've ever been to .
this is over _num_ hours !
hummus and pita freshly prepared .
this is one of mesa 's gems .
also everyone there is super friendly !
they took great care of us .
amanda is also professional , easy to be around , funny and super friendly .
my initial thoughts were `` great , so i just spent my sat .
beautiful views , great decor & comfortable atmosphere .
as long as he is there , we will continue to frequent the establishment .
the food was delicious .
will not waste time here again .
great drinks and apps as well .
very family friendly , old school feel .
scottsdale vet clinic is rude and greedy , and inexperienced .
ordered the ribs and they are about the best i have had .
marinara was okay , nothing special .
we had chicken marsala , chicken piccata and a pasta dish as well .
been on here a few times and it 's amazing every time !
we also ordered some hummus to share , which was very flavorful .
not so !
san francisco newspaper recommended sugar bowl .
always clean a brightly lit .
not worth $ _num_ , but good .
talk about garbage pizza .
she did , however give me a nice polish on finger and toe nails .
there was no acknowledgement during our visit .
everyone here is always helpful .
worker 's yelling at each other , dirty !
our waitress was very charming , knowledgeable and helpful .
i can just feel her `` smiling '' for being so clean and shiny !
fantastic plants , friendly and informative staff .
no problem because the inside is just as enjoyable .
awesome !
the prices here are worth the risk and you get what you pay for .
always freshly prepared , always beautifully packaged for take-out .
the huevos con masa were fantastic !
supposed to open again in october of _num_ .
very good mexican food .
the ladies bathroom is very clean and drinks are reasonably priced .
authentic greek food , the best in mesa .
she then brought us another four dishes .
i love trains !
yeah , people can die .
i 've been here twice to try to get takeout .
there are so many better options just a stones throw away .
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .
the waiter was friendly and super helpful with food selection .
this place is very nice , for it being in arizona .
food was very good .
she takes her time and listens !
heaven .
very filling and worth it for only $ _num_ .
nothing was wrong with my rings and no stones were missing !
they make sure to take care of you and care .
this location could use some deep cleaning work all the staff behind the counter .
love to check this place out again real soon !
gina is an amazing hair dresser .
not good customer service .
they are beyond crappy and overpriced .
at that point it may not be considered `` fast food '' .
turns out ... walmart will only cash checks for people with superior credit .
rude office ladies all the time .
amazing pizza and calzones .
yum , yum !
long story short we were celebrating a birthday .
egg drop soup and garlic chicken are among my top choices .
for a high rated resort , it fell way short of expectations .
the room i booked was n't available .
do not lease from here .
my most recent visit , a thursday , left a lot to be desired .
great practice and would highly recommend !
the hostess and bartender are usually very personable and helpful .
am i met with an apologetic response ?
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
the food was okay , i 've had way better mexican food !
i have been going to see dr. mike for years .
i would definitely recommend the service , and i 'll use them again .
always even a fan of this place .
service is always friendly , quick , and extremely well done .
this is an embarrassment to scottsdale .
trader joe 's is the best chain grocery store ever .
what a disappointment it was !
good atmosphere .
the food is right up there with what your make at home .
scottsdale smile center is fantastic !
i tried the buffet today and was very disappointed .
this does not deserve to be called a resort .
great happy hour selection .
thank you barry and crew so much for everything you guys do .
got ta love honest helpful people !
we shared the apple pancake and it was oh so good !
they are super fast .
do n't waste your time here .
like , really good .
tiramisu was awesome as well .
i assure you this is not the case .
the prices are extremely reasonable and the service is good .
she did n't even trim all the ends or anything .
dead phone .
the food was excellent .
they are all excellent !
this place is a terrible place to live !
very skimpy with lettuce , tomatoes , peppers , etc .
take john 's suggestions on wine !
luckily for them , i do n't call the better business bureau .
i had prime rib and it was perfect .
the grounds of the spa are gorgeous and tranquil .
wrong .
all around happy !
barros pizza is excellent .
just watch your step if you have had a few .
omelettes are great here .
i thought maybe she was getting menus or whatever , but no .
what a waste of time and money .
they did n't charge me for the meal .
amazing customer service !
well jade palace has it right !
the simple reason is that the sound quality is terrible .
i would recommend spending your money someone else .
there is an actual bar as well .
worst experience i have ever had renting !
my wife and i would highly recommend this florist to all .
defalco 's italian grocery has the best of the best !
as we sent everything back , seriously inedible .
loved this outing !
if you need a new pizza place to call home check this place out !
( i promise i tipped decently on the actual amount . )
loved it .
everything was very very plain .
always served piping served hot .
the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable .
i asked for a manager , and she too refused to sell them .
party of five and up , be prepared for _num_ % gratuity !
this is the best spa experience i 've ever had .
good service and clean .
they also have a good wine selection .
what an unpleasant experience that was !
never again will i risk my pets ' health to save a buck !
dr. wilson is just unethical .
thanks again !
i eat here every time i come to town , one of my favorites !
thank you for making our vacation a great one !
they also walk you through the kitchen on the way to your table .
disappointed .
those running it now have truly ruined the place .
no , i wo n't drive across town and use more gas .
been here twice now and both times were really good .
definitely will be back when we 're back in town .
the house salad and bread are perfect .
great food and great service !
poor customer service and poor patient care .
i would definitely recommend them !
i love it .
it 's one of my wife 's and i favorite establishment .
i was also a rushed `` walk-in '' client .
the fireplace which is outside smells great in the winter months !
bread was not warmed and it was stale .
always great food and drinks .
their art department is also great .
everyone i was with loved their food and we all plan on going back .
parking was easy , staff was great .
my dog enjoys the park and all the nice grass and trees .
wife and daughter enjoyed it thoroughly just as much as i did .
the service was prompt and accurate .
absolutely amazing seafood , and more !
chef mike prepared a great dinner .
bad business practice for sure .
but overall i was impressed with charleston 's and will probably be back .
highly recommend !
to be fair , this place would benefit from an update .
seems to be a problem in az .
probably wo n't go back .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .
i 'm not even sure it is safe to step foot inside !
check this place out !
yeah !
thanks for fixing my feet !
i recommend everything .
they are always fresh , chewy and delicious .
banana was good though .
disgusting .
also when we checked in the process was super quick .
no offer to replace it .
amazing food !
these guys have great programs to help you rent to buy .
this is a n phx treasure for sure .
no call .
from the more recent reviews nothing has changed .
during happy hour ) , and of course , great food !
do not recommend .
grilled sausage & veggie skewers are excellent .
what a horrible experience .
the first time was admittedly my fault .
their service is always friendly and the atmosphere is bright and cheery .
good job guys !
in my opinion , definitely not worth the hour wait .
i have forgotten her name but she is a boxed blonde , age _num_ !
wontons were not greasy .
they are a little lax on the housekeeping as well .
highly recommend .
i wo n't go out of my way to come here again .
thank you for taking care of my dog !
all of it was excellent .
it has never operated right , and parts continue to fall off .
that good .
happy hours here are the best .
great location !
i have always wanted to find a go-to makeup girl and i found one !
everyone always seems to have a smile at this place .
stars _num_ and _num_ : how was the food ?
but it 's worth seeking out .
really not all that happy with the experience we had tonight .
ok , here 's the deal .
the vanilla caramel truffles were also wonderful !
it was 12:30 pm , asked for breakfast menu , never brought it .
great people there and they all seemed very friendly .
however , the service has been getting bad .
she absolutely loved it .
very good prices and staff is very nice & professional .
amazing !
hidden gem !
their wine flights are magnificent and so is their antipasto dish - bang !
but the food was n't worth the cost .
o my goodness everything we ordered came hot and freshly prepared .
stood at least _num_ feet away and asked me how they felt .
food , service , price ... .
i 'm not so sure it is .
employees were welcoming and very friendly .
best persian food in az .
great ambiance .
what a fantastic facility , clean and roomy .
both entrees recommended by our our waiter greg , and both fantastic recommendations !
the staff are great to work with , very friendly and knowledgeable .
the pieces then fall into the engine which has to be pulled .
they too agree that the pizza is fantastic .
horrible customer service and high prices .
i 'm not even going to talk about the ambience .
but avoid this store at all costs !
we both had the ribs and i must admit , they were very good .
personalized attention , good food .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !
the people at sonora were very good to me .
cool , whatever , brewery .
just ridiculous !
i 'm an extremely picky eater and sensitive to textures in food .
love everything about scottsdale vet !
got in quick and the staff was extremely helpful and friendly .
i will definitely be back .
it was -- quite literally -- between _num_ and _num_ degrees inside the hall .
excellent all around !
i always enjoy the atmosphere in here it usually pretty lively .
food and service is wonderful !
amazing selection of drinks other then wine also .
the thermostat on the wall read _num_ degrees .
this place has made me a better artist all around .
based on the staff that day , it does not surprise me one bit .
they simply state _num_ minute parking .
our order for shrimp with the paella became squid .
great burrito .
the mole sauce was way too smoky .
it 's family owned and it shows that they are proud of their business .
i called several places and got quotes .
thank you joe joe for saving the day .
my aunt ate her dish so i 'm assuming it was tasty .
highly recommended !
persian room is excellent !
it is friendly and very family - like .
the other patrons are cool and chill .
wow , zipps has the worst tacos i have ever eaten .
i wish _num_ stars was an option .
excellent place for food .
at this point i was so confused !
they made me believe all was in good standing .
i was not impressed at all .
great prices .
our waiter was very funny and was positive .
finally went back last night and wow was it good .
great event and lots of fun .
we get home , the burgers are burnt - not edible .
breakfast potatoes were very good .
this is one of my favorite businesses to frequent .
very impressed .
sorry i tried it .
very satisfied customer !
the first thing thing we noticed when we walked in was the awful smell .
once they get you in the door , they forget about you .
i checked my phone and gave him the order number , still nothing .
here 's the thing : my dish was $ _num_ .
amazing food .
the service was slow , but very friendly .
kevin was ultimately a cool guy to talk to .
best bread pudding in the state maybe in the world !
enjoy dinner and create great family memories .
i would definitely recommend this shop !
enjoyed a beautiful birthday dinner tonight with an amazing server .
the food itself is n't awful .
the owner of the club also performed and he was fun to watch .
they were fast , friendly , and very informative .
very fun time - highly recommended .
the place was not busy at all .
the server repeated my order .
i would definitely recommend them to any one and would use them again .
the decision was made for them to return the following week on tuesday .
i absolutely love this place - _num_ stars if i could !
the worst credit union on planet earth !
ask for emily lopez , she 's the best !
very nice atmosphere , great for a date .
hmm .
thanks a million !
this is a beautiful facility .
really tough course and i wondered where all of the decorations were .
you probably know what a good starbucks is .
at this point i 'm thinking good because i am hungry .
the vet was very friendly as well as the support staff .
every single person we spoke to on staff was absolutely incredible .
so , you 're charging us for work that has n't been done ?
it was awful .
the green chili is my favorite .
i recommend it if you 're a sports fan .
worst service ever .
yes , sometimes they are better than others , but always good .
do n't let them sell you on work that they say will be needed .
the food and the atmosphere bring back fond memories of great meals in germany .
this place is awesome !
and we would have to provide the _num_ lbs of ice .
it has happened to me a total of nine times .
well , that a risk you take when you are a pet owner .
we also had good service that kept our iced teas filled .
this place is great !
not a resort !
but i did find the perfect `` pretty white bra . ''
hubby got a free pizza too , for his bday .
i love you elmer .
they did n't even try to make it right .
very comfy vibe , feel to this family-owned place .
perfect amount of spice and perfect flavor .
but , the service is what gave this location a one star .
nice hotel in a good location .
honest and reliable auto service .
we 'll definitely be back !
i would skip it .
i love everything on the menu here .
prices are reasonable for the area .
also an impressive cigar selection .
avoid this clinic at all costs !
very professional , seems honest .
it has a little spice to it and i love spice .
their gyros are delicious and super cheap .
genuinely good pizza !
beautiful property and great range of amenities on site .
i would absolutely not recommend shopping for anything at this store .
the owner could n't even look me in the eye .
they were welcoming to regulars and tourists .
very good service .
unfriendly the entire time so asked to speak to the manager .
i do n't understand how this place got such rave reviews .
i 'm in love .
the worst service ever !
there is always immediate availability and the staff and vets are great .
maybe they should hire new mornings workers .
amazing breakfast place so much variety !
the food was only fair and much too salty .
great atmosphere .
_num_ . )
josh @ the front desk is a real hoot ... fun guy .
the price was very competitive and their communication was excellent .
it was that bad ... bar food at its worst .
nice ambiance for our 7th anniversary .
thank you for everything !
i kept coming here every morning it was so good .
that 's the cheapest i 've ever done my nails .
way too much for a few staff to handle .
with below average coffee i wo n't be going back .
he does good work at a reasonable price .
great authentic old school arizona bar and restaurant .
for happy hour , the _num_ small plates deal is always a good choice .
do n't bother .
at this point , you could n't pay me to go back there .
their salesmen never let up on trying to get us to buy more time .
i forgot to update the last review and should have much sooner !
i do not know how the came up with their menu .
but this place is so legit !
fast , friendly , attentive service .
i like pizza ... and grimaldi 's was delicious .
her teeth are looking great and straight !
they also have so many options for factory systems it 's amazing .
this left me sad .
great selection of imported meats and cheeses .
food was amazing and both me and my girlfriend were really impressed .
great place to get top of the line meat and it 's fresh .
service was friendly and quick from start to finish .
all of which were so good !
since the moment we sat down they gave us a huge attitude .
he went in to clean my teeth and did a horrible job .
the food was the most awful hunan i have eaten .
the food and service were good .
she would n't stop .
i 'm sold !
fresh fruit was also delicious .
so , i asked if i could grab a table to wait .
awesome pizza every time .
lol , this place is hell .
good fast service .
highly recommend this store for its location and especially its customer service .
this is a little gem of a restaurant in old town !
will be back !
a great place to bring the wife or meet a client for lunch .
they have a great warranty and great staff .
the staff is very friendly , professional , and accommodating .
the patio is amazing for margaritas any time .
the patio is awful !
we will definitely be coming back !
they have amazing pizzas , calzones and seafood .
service was fast and the staff very friendly .
true statement .
this place is terrible .
best sushi in mesa by far !
this shop is a gem !
this place is great .
the website says nothing about the store being closed .
my mistake .
jennifer greeted us with a huge smile .
dale was so great at my walk through .
$ _num_ for two a la cart tacos .
we arrived at happy hour and made the deal even better .
the grilled chicken salad is amazing .
entire staff is professional and friendly .
the portions of the food were pretty ridiculous .
it 's cheaper than four peaks , but in no way as good .
will be back for more , when the time comes !
great service and always take amazing care of their apartments !
chef cones by and says `` what happened here ? ''
i have never been more stressed out shopping for makeup in my life .
she 's very nice .
ok that was just the tip of the iceberg .
mahalo suzanne !
will not go there ever again .
i ca n't stress how wonderful that is .
excellent service and very good food .
great sandwiches , great crepes and a cool atmosphere .
finally , you have to pay $ _num_ for wasabi .
highly recommend this awesome joint !
the food is amazing !
i was heavily disappointed .
very very patient .
i do n't think i can stay another day to be honest .
the side dishes are made in heaven .
good food , very friendly service .
it 's phenomenal !
this place sucks in comparison to most .
nothing to write home about or return for .
called them and the manager said he was too busy to speak with me .
highly recommended .
love the mixture of the old and new in downtown chandler .
however , after mother 's day i 'm never coming here again .
much to my surprise , they have so much more to offer than that !
excellent food especially the homemade potato chips with dip .
this place has the best tamales that i have had in phoenix !
i love this place ... food is amazing .
i canceled my order , worse on-line experience i have had .
business must be good or they would not treat patients this way .
it 's the delicious garlic toast !
i even called to thank them personally for such a lovely experience .
& his truly care about the product they put out .
super b is the real deal .
defalco 's is a family favorite !
the staff is friendly and attentive , prices are awesome for the portion size .
this is now super wal-mart , so it has even groceries .
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
nothing really seemed to go together .
everything was cooked to perfection and seasoned perfectly .
this was a great place to stay !
furthermore he could n't move his neck to the left .
waiter was arrogant .
sound , was mediocre at best .
this location is so much better than the mesa location .
not authentic as they claim .
much better quality than the chain places !
service was great with no appt .
i love this jack in the box !
these guys are great !
the presentation of the food outstanding .
the staff was very nice and helpful and made the visit enjoyable .
my installer was david and he did a great job as well .
this place is amazing .
the buffalo chicken pizza is also really good .
it was plain , rough and tasteless .
it 's our favorite sushi .
the texture was just fine , but in the end too much salt .
zero stars .
again , i 'm just so confused .
tammy was great .
this may have been the best thai food we have had .
i had a great time trying on wedding dresses here .
this store is amazing .
even after i told her i would like to order the dress .
the staff is always friendly and often hilarious !
truly , how does someone screw up pasta ?
what the hell is wrong with these people ?
this was not the first time we have been disappointed by this facility .
we wo n't be going back .
it is order at the counter , and they have a few tables inside .
it 's my favorite nail salon ever .
listen , if i 'm paying i can be picky .
the fish had no flavor at all as it had n't been seasoned .
gross !
needless to say i was extremely angry .
came in there with completely shot brakes on my front two tires .
the skillet cornbread was delicious .
my husband had the short ribs and again , bland .
service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews .
the taste was pretty bland .
this was just an insult to watch .
i highly recommend the sizzling rice soup !
no one really ate their food .
good place to dine !
they keep up to date with the latest game so that 's a given .
thank you !
they make it extra special , and have a good happy hour .
what a great experience .
it is worth the walk , however .
and the owners are so nice !
as of late , they have been completely lacking in the customer service end .
i do n't eat bacon .
they r so nice , professional n quick !
the lady on the phone was horrible .
the salsa is spiced just right .
insulting .
they are honest , do a great job and are super accommodating !
i had to give her one more try and same ol same ol .
always friendly and fast .
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .
next time i 'm in the phoenix area i 'll be back for more !
had great breakfast here today .
still my go to for great chinese !
it 's pf changs .
unfortunately , i had very poor service during my last visit .
i even took my parents here and they agreed with my review .
great spot for lunch or dinner .
we will definitely go back to this resort some day .
wo n't be back for a long time unfortunately .
i love the staff and the work that they do .
this place sucks .
not acceptable !
i have been here a few times now and have enjoyed each stop .
beer world is awesome !
service was great and our waitress was very friendly !
it was definitely a special place to celebrate .
very nice and clean .
will say they were friendly though .
i ordered _num_ sandwiches off the dollar meal for my family .
this place has a great staff .
what fun !
oh , and your food is overpriced for what it is .
it was so tender and just hurt way too much .
great portions , lengthy wait .
but no one ever removed the dirty dishes from or appetizers .
barely any sashimi all salad .
i defintely recomend coming here !
although the former is tasty , the latter is a waste of tomatoes .
remarkable !
so , the food was good , i 'll be back .
they also have half their sodas out of order every time .
staff is extremely accommodating and flexible !
it 's really too bad that this place does not cater to the customer .
he said sorry and that he would let the kitchen know .
i sat back down and another _num_ minutes go by .
the leasing staff are very professional and helpful .
i just feel bad that has to work with girls like that .
lisa is so good with anything i want to try change or touch up .
we had escargot first and enjoyed dipping the bread in the wonderful garlicky sauce .
buzzed or not , that long line can sure be annoying ... .
his apology was pathetic .
do n't know her name , she never introduced herself .
the service was awful !
this place is amazing .
it was terrible and the marinara tasted like ketchup .
their crab puffs are really good .
one of my favorite meals here in az .
food was good .
she is compassionate , friendly and professional .
this place is good for a quick lunch .
this place is awesome !
if you want stale crust , eat at gus 's .
this place is just cute good old fashioned fun !
and , the best part ?
their food is wonderful , our orders have always been _num_ % accurate .
love pop the soda shop .
it was more _num_ 's dated hotel restaurant than classy to me .
when we got to the room , our keys did n't work .
it seemed very plain and cold .
the service is fast and attentive and the food great .
so now i 'm having to wait _num_ extra minutes .
wow , i wish i 'd checked yelp before i went to chapman .
they truly care about their patients and are affordable .
will definitely hire again !
terrible hotel .
always new and perfectly executed dishes .
got ready and saw _num_ minutes on the timer , good to go .
lo and behold the menu says it 's an extra $ _num_ to share .
please do n't make the same mistake .
i also tried the combo app .
it was then another lengthy wait to bet our food .
she is delightful and great to customers !
and the food was wonderful !
soooooo good !
we then _num_ min later decided to ask if we could order .
i 'm feel so lucky that i found this place .
you would have a better stay in a box outside on a corner .
great food .
they do that and still give good service to the rest of the bar .
i was really pleasantly surprised by this venue , and the comedians who performed .
definitely check this place out !
the fish tacos just were not very flavorful .
perfect pairings menu is a great value !
also , my husband found the brake pads he needed at rei .
just not this one .
_num_ min drive for a vehicle i was assured was there and available .
they immediately sat us in the pedicure chairs and started the water .
great atmosphere and location .
our waitress , ( lauren ) knew the beer , was very attentive .
both times the food was excellent and the service fabulous .
i will definitely be back !
the servers were inattentive the entire stay but were very friendly .
she is a true professional .
this walgreens is pretty dang cool !
probably the worst service i ever had .
awesome service , best stylists ever , great atmosphere , awesome location .
the best salon ever .
service is fast and friendly , pizzas are delicious .
the service and my nails were amazing !
fantastic food and even better service !
now the bad stuff .
been visiting since _num_ , great food , lunch gyro special is the best !
i sent the chips back .
i mean its excellent .
one of my favorite places to eat .
great atmosphere , fun and different games .
i am not _num_ % sure but it sure seems like it .
the food is very good , and the service was great .
the inside looks great since their remodel .
he was very helpful , informative and efficient which i appreciated .
the live music was awesome and everyone was having a good time .
their tortillas are the best .
the meal was great .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
less than _num_ month old window is broken .
calamari was awful .
i have been there twice and will go back !
i certainly will continue to be a customer thanks again .
i am very happy .
it was all absolutely incredible !
my sister and i stayed for _num_ days for personal trip to the university .
one of my favorite restaurants in town .
we left mid april and still did not have completed project .
definitely worth the pricey special .
cake ... .
the place is gorgeous and definitely a date place .
plus they messed up my drink this past time .
i also really love their top hat and tin roof sundaes .
we absolutely love our screens .
everything was terrific .
the haircut i received was mediocre .
however , the staff is rude and unorganized .
our meal were just wonderful , the service was the best .
it is a very nice place and the staff are very friendly .
even visited the dmv to confirm .
this place is _num_ years old and it shows in the inside apartment .
i will certainly be back !
they were both very professional and thorough .
authentic !
he may be a good dentist but it does not mean anything .
i just walked out of this place because the waiter completely ignored me .
_num_ small pieces of ravioli for $ _num_ .
if one of my guests smoke outside , that is none of their business !
thank you so much !
excellent customer services and dental care !
it 's exactly what you would hope for from a long time family business .
t is the best server ever !
i will certainly be back to eat on the restaurant part of it .
my birthday cake came from here and it was a huge hit !
not impressed .
expect large portions , good prices and authentic offerings .
i do n't understand how this kind of treatment is still acceptable .
they 've been here forever and they 're super nice people .
tony does such a great job and each bottom only costs $ _num_ !
never disappoints !
the rooms that line the courtyard are great for larger indoor/outdoor parties .
the overall experience was just ok .
so boring i could barely taste it after the 4th bite .
absolutely love this place .
they added avocado and asparagus which were a great touch !
unfortunately , this is where things take a different direction .
excellent care and very knowledgeable .
they have daily specials and plenty of comfort food on their menu .
taco bell is also better than this restaurant .
the `` patrons '' were amusing and the bartender attentive .
i only stayed because i was meeting friends for brunch .
the service was good and the burgers were huge !
i will always return to discount .
i know i 'm not a regular .
it was a bit tangy and delicious .
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .
the bread that was served was n't good , it tasted old .
the clinic here sucks .
i am a fan !
the food is excellent and the choices are vast .
love this store !
the pineapple mojito was a delight !
so rude .
loved it .
it definitely fits the definition of a dive .
over charging us for less than mediocre food , or ignoring us completely ?
plus he was n't feeling well .
they are very helpful , and they give me couple of choices .
at this location , the owners are family and staff is wonderful .
bingo , dinner , music and happy hours .
this place is awesome !
avoid this branch if possible .
thousands of dollars lost .
wow , where do i start ?
courtney does great waxing !
it was excellent and you can buy it to take out for $ _num_ .
we will definitely be back !
my companions felt it was n't really lobster .
the experience was worth every penny !
the server comes up no apology or anything , but again no biggie .
ra appears to cater to people who are looking for americanized japanese food .
highly recommend if you are looking for a new pediatrician .
good food , decent service and the prices are fair .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .
we will always wait for good food .
the ambience and location are fantastic .
i highly recommend !
thanks mike and preston !
i just moved into the valley and found carlsbad tavern .
it 's always busy , it 's cramped , and loud .
this place is great , owner is very helpful and friendly .
five star and professional as it gets .
also make sure you start off with the clam chowder !
i wanted the advertised deal as advertised , nothing more , nothing less .
their sides are amazing and they are very very generous with them .
waitress will work with you .
fulfilling for dinner and enough for leftovers .
excuse me ?
the perfect flakey crunch but still moist with honey .
the whole set up was ridiculous .
fiesta burrito has the best mexican food in south scottsdale !
the prices are extremely reasonable and the atmosphere is definitely very laid back .
they were right on time and i was able to track on map .
i am giving them an extra star for customer service satisfaction .
i opened my bag to find zero ranch ... zero sauce .
highly recommended if you are looking for great mexican food .
if you are in a hurry for lunch i do not reccomend this place .
good coffee ... .
our experience working with beth was phenomenal .
the service is very good and the food hard ready very quick .
she tells well too bad the delivery driver has left .
is be pleased to return .
definitely will go back !
the best spa & overall facility that i 've ever been to .
the decor is very interesting too !
i usually get a california burrito or super nachos , they are both delicious .
then , almost _num_ minutes to get the food out .
after waiting for nearly _num_ minutes , we left .
again we had great service .
the woman who answered the phone was really awful .
the chicken was so dry and the food was cold when it came out .
my stomach was n't allowing it .
owners are super nice .
this place rocks !
rick is the man !
very disappointed .
always love me a lenny 's burger !
nicely appointed rooms , lovely common areas .
the teriyaki was dry .
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !
i got a great gyro and a drink for $ _num_ in oldtown .
i took my _num_ mo .
i 've found my new pizza place in scottsdale .
awesome patio .
its very clean and open , not the usual dive bar .
probably wo n't go back .
great atmosphere with lives bands after 8pm .
everything was excellent .
never , never again .
very unimpressive and unprofessional .
what a fantastic little place !
pros : good food but just shy of great .
staff is rude and not helpful .
it was a spicy pasta with chicken .
very disappointing experience .
this is a great place to go !
then looked away and went back to doing what she was doing .
did a great job and i love my nails .
service food quality were all without complaint .
the bread alone was good enough to be eaten by itself .
perfect location and great views of paradise valley .
if i hand thumbs for fingers i 'd give it a _num_ thumbs down !
i sat there for _num_ hours .
the whole experience was amazing !
great place !
if you just show up it 's $ _num_ or $ _num_ .
the bread was mediocre .
very friendly and convenient overall .
their sound system is so good and they are very friendly .
not only did it with a smile but we had a great conversation too .
food was good , server was also good .
$ _num_ after the $ _num_ coupon for merchandise .
yay , me !
six is a great alternative to the club scene .
the food is top notch .
this place is a shit hole the management is nonexistent after _num_ o'clock .
home cooking at it 's best !
the patio is a must for a nice az day with a cold drink .
wow !
always nice .
you are forced to make your neighbors stand up to let you out .
unfortunately , they were inedible .
just lacking when you put into account the total of your bill .
fixed ; ) !
their customer service skills are way below par for being in the medical industry .
i like this restaurant .
very cute patio and atmosphere .
wo n't go back again .
a nice slice of dive in the middle of club town .
that is $ _num_ i 'll never spend on a meal there again .
ok ... trying to breath here .
i did n't know my opinion piece could be wrong ?
this place was fun to hang out at .
great self storage solution !
the burrito , though it looked fairly plain , actually had very good flavor .
boy was i wrong .
i did not come in expecting much and i left dissatisfied .
worst place ever !
the price was right too .
why does this place have such good reviews ?
this place holds its own .
unfortunately the food and drink did n't measure up .
there was a woman helping a customer at the counter where i was browsing .
love this place .
always a pretty good time at zipps .
best chilaquiles in town .
ordered fettuccine alfredo and the sauce was completely separated .
none of my three children really liked it .
far too peppery .
for the traveler on a budget , it would probably work fine .
the ciabatta bread was cold .
she was really friendly and nice .
great atmosphere !
i walked in and told them i had a guest .
they are a joy to work with !
top notch amenities with a great rooftop pool and weight room .
amazing place to eat .
if you have a hangover and need grease , this is your place .
i love the pork tacos .
authentic and good food .
terrible experience !
to get our food and then _num_ min .
are not my style .
this place was amazing !
amanda b is absolutely fabulous !
wow .
this place has an excellent restaurant !
friendly servers and patrons .
we really liked the old time feel .
food is good and so are drinks .
but the lounge areas and the view were absolutely gorgeous !
it 's a hidden right in the heart of old town scottsdale .
love that you can get beer here too , they also deliver .
coming back with the drinks , the server ( allison , i think ? )
prices are really reasonable .
the food is too overpriced for what you get .
we ended up leaving and hopefully they know how to refund my money .
i will first give you the worst .
in a word , fantastic !
its sweet with that brown sugar topping .
if i could give no stars i would .
we ordered appetizers - nothing special .
this dessert was the biggest let down .
cute , family friendly atmosphere .
avoid if possible .
this place has pissed me off for the last time .
if you love the dive bar atmosphere this is the place for you .
will definitely be back .
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .
they have a great product .
i liked this place !
sourdough is amazing .
i didnt want to play anymore .
the pizza is n't as good as it used to be .
they have outstanding service and will give you peace of mind .
pleasant experience !
i will not wait an hour for average italian food !
our waiter was attentive and patient .
if you want true italian from back east this is your place !
she did n't even write it down just to be safe .
the wings are the best here and the burgers are surprisingly amazing !
bosa is amazing !
my fianc had oysters and i had halibut ceviche .
charleston 's is a great restaurant with top notch food .
good happy hour and live entertainment .
the rose water ice cream was crazy good !
and there 's a petsmart right next door to boot !
amazing back east feel !
very good pizza .
prices way higher and portions way less .
i love samples .
this would be a great trip for out-of-town visitors , especially kids .
never wiped the seats down either !
i just wish they were a little less expensive .
the second time around , some of the colors were off .
kudos to crystal for the great job .
they will even give you samples of things to take home .
the service was exceptional .
they do amazing work !
if i could leave zero stars i would .
everything was fresh and tasted good .
i could n't sleep during the week due to the loud noise .
so here i sit waiting and writing the review .
i had a great time here .
thank you lori and staff !
it was _num_ min early and delicious and hot !
i was so impressed with the sales girls being so helpful !
thanks for doing all that you do for such a reasonable price !
lived here from july _num_ - july _num_ .
everything is so unique .
it was n't as if the _num_ waitresses were busy by all means .
this place is inside of a gas station with very poor attitude .
also it was not readily visible to customers entering the premises .
phone line ... completely dead , so back over to the office .
_num_ stars because it 's cheap .
great food .
the pizza was excellent .
i dream about it in fact .
my favorite is queso with spicy pork .
no `` sorry for the wait '' .
great breakfast at a fair price !
it had the perfect combinations of flavors and was made with delicious fresh cheeses .
got plenty of great sauces .
what the hell are you doing ?
joe 's has excellent food .
the vegetables tasted like ... vegetables ... minus flavor .
all the sushi was hot no sign of it ever being cold .
so nasty , if i can give no stars i would .
it 's a great place to go for league bowling and kids birthday parties .
went here twice and everything here is amazing !
it a super tender fillet .
tamara is my go to hair gal and always will be !
food was delicious and portion sizes were great !
do n't you want my money to do good ?
the best !
we will definitely return !
the clientele looks like a bunch of average joes .
the last time i was here i had exceptional service .
then when she did come , she was so rude .
i waited _num_ minutes .
the rooms were great , bed comfortable , water pressure was strong !
those are my favorite .
great !
i have no complaints and would recommend it .
_num_ min .
really good food .
room _num_ i 'll never forget .
thanks for nothing and continue to earn your low star rating .
it took another _num_ min to get the main course .
i 'm adding a star because they actually listened to your suggestion .
( which is why they get two stars ) .
the pizza tasted and looked like it was just a reheated , frozen pizza .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .
disappointing food in both our meals .
the short , greasy guy with long hair does not speak english !
cute really charming spot with sweet staff .
the ladies that work here are very nice .
i recommend the roaring fork for business or person dining .
nice little place , and unlike other reviewers , we had lovely service .
and fresh coffee is always available .
the money is well worth it !
piece looks flawless .
great food !
my family and i love this place .
i recommend this place to everyone .
we will definitely be back !
i did n't get past the front desk .
they take reservations and i would definitely make another one !
wo n't do again , unless i just wanted a bowl of whole beans .
great service .
great people to work with .
such a cute place !
if you like spicy food , this is the place !
and yes ... best chorizo , egg & potato burrito i have ever had .
this disappointment of a dish cost about $ _num_ .
management really needs to figure this out .
do not waste your money here .
especially given the _num_ % gratuity they hit us with for a large group .
very professional and his kind approach makes it easy to get an appointment .
thank you for taking care of me and my family .
service was great and food was even better .
it makes a difference .
everything seemed stale and old .
when we did get the bill it was in one large bill .
mediocre at best for concerts .
yes !
do n't know never eaten in .
i ended up buying store bought tanning products to make myself darker .
the arts center has nice architecture and acoustics !
this restaurant is at the base of the mountain so the view is amazing !
called for take out and the service was excellent .
all the food lacked seasoning .
delish !
for my meal i ordered the potstickers -- so delish !
it also has the most interesting art on marshall way .
scheduling was so easy , he is very flexible and accommodated our schedule .
their meals are interesting , unique and very delicious for the price .
yumminess !
good seafood does not happen in the desert .
i may give it another shot but probably not anytime soon .
the areas used to get ready were small .
but all together we were satisfied !
$ _num_ for ice tea for _num_ person served in a clear solo cups .
very nice for a fast food joint .
yeah im a big fan .
i could n't remember why i stopped coming .
the baja chicken enchilada was pretty good .
feels like you 're right in the heart of the _num_ 's !
my bathroom is large enough to land a plane !
what a rude staff !
best music shop in all of arizona .
very pleasant experience .
this is , as usual , a great nursery .
amazing !
food was hot .
this is our favorite place to eat breakfast !
the three of us had pasta dishes very good and plenty of food .
completely disgusting !
i will definitely go back for dinner .
bland and boring .
fun night out of the ordinary for my boyfriend and i !
the only reason i was back was for a concert .
and he just hung out ... .
great high school located in scottsdale !
my group really enjoyed the outdoor dining on their amazing patio .
but that can definitely be overlooked with food this amazing !
this a little family owned and operated business , which i love .
but other than that , so off the mark .
it 's all about the butter and prime !
service was some of the best and friendliest ever .
dinner was decent for wedding food and their house wine was n't bad either .
food was amazing !
we were both very impressed .
prices are very reasonable .
it was so cool .
this is going to be one of my regular lunch locations for sure !
and this second go around is horrible !
i grew up in michigan and know good bavarian food .
super awesome !
no spice or whatsoever .
but , this one wins me over .
enjoy !
went here for christmas brunch _num_ .
truly a shame because the facilities are so pretty .
best place in scottsdale for me .
this is a great chiropractic office !
highly recommend him !
i highly recommend them for your tire needs .
flavorful food , fun drinks , accommodating staff , awesome atmosphere .
i recommend this happy hour .
these are great , down to earth guys .
i had a chemical peel and it was great .
they are all very disappointing , and , well , lame .
my friend ordered the meatball sandwich and a side of red potatoes .
the people in the store are all really nice too .
if you 're ever in south scottsdale , i definitely recommend this place .
the pita bread was not fresh at all , way too chewy .
i had the shredded beef burrito and a cheese crisp .
with a lot of options , this place is a no go .
ashley was an amazing server .
everything we have tried has been delicious .
awesome customer service , pricing and install .
so good .
terrible .
do n't bother with this dump , huge let down .
a bit pricey for the area but worth a try .
_num_ delivered with yellow check engine light on .
disgusting .
and now i will tell you what added insult to injury .
good place to stop and enjoy a meal .
each time i go i have a wonderful experience .
awesome group to go to .
for them to do a simple order and they still got it wrong !
great place to watch a game .
however , after numerous bad experiences we have decided to go elsewhere .
they charged me over $ _num_ for this visit .
classy , sophisticated , outstanding food , as well as plate presentation .
highly recommend !
i have had the crab stuffed lobster many times before .
wonderful way to start the new year !
i was very impressed with this branch .
all i can say is that my experiences have been caring and compassionate .
i was not very impressed .
it also was supposed to include a cut .
he made the overall experience very pleasant .
always fair .
not impressed .
when i get food here , well anywhere .
both places i have done great jobs on my vehicles !
thanks !
very pleasant experience .
_num_ minutes passed and i was sitting on a chair still waiting .
the service was very attentive and good .
great breakfast - food and service .
the happy hour on the weekend is a smoking deal .
they will be keeping my business !
disappointment .
i love the food and enjoy dining here .
i took one bite and left it there .
so i will try and keep this short .
great job guys !
the atmosphere was nice and our server was very friendly .
they require a _num_ day written letter for leaving .
great little chinese place for a quick lunch .
me : ( thinking how does she stay in business ? )
the best !
it was a great surprise after all that driving and definitely worth the trip .
they were great !
soo good !
by far one of the best meals i 've had to this day .
beautiful walk around old town scottsdale when you 've eaten too much .
the service was amazing .
but we were hungry so we just chose to sit outside .
the fried rice tasted like it was weeks old .
sat down , was greeted by the waitress immediately and ordered my drink .
mark kia has customer service down to a science !
my hair looks beautiful .
i saw _num_ go by once i finished my meal .
we loved our experience at forever diamonds .
i really liked how it was in a house .
walked around the store for _num_ minutes with no acknowledgement from the staff .
what a disappointment .
neither of the women were very nice or professional .
definitely recommend .
not a discount offered .
now that is what i call customer service in its finest !
after _num_ minutes we gave up , paid for our drinks and went home .
overall , it 's a solid spot to grab a quick bite .
i highly recommend them .
wo n't be going back .
before tonight 's meal , i would 've easily given _num_ stars .
great deal !
the service was wonderful and quick too .
amazing tour !
it was a big mistake !
_num_ minutes later when i got back to work it was flat again .
it 's just so bad .
i will let you know !
disappointing .
drove _num_ miles to the store .
especially during their happy hour !
had a great time here with a big party .
the food is excellent and the service was great by the pool !
great place !
teppan tables are fun for special occasions .
it makes your customers uncomfortable .
though busy in the late mornings on weekends , service is fast , friendly .
kfc used to be one of my favorite places .
it was hot , but there was absolutely no flavor ... or texture .
i could not have this done because i apparently was not spending enough .
the atmosphere is awesome with a real intimate setting .
she offered great suggestions for my brother .
more power to you .
the tortilla bread service with butter was the highlight .
has something for everyone .
they are always so good with questions and so positive !
i enjoy speaking with everyone there .
love , love , love this company .
was gorgeous of course & they were as nice as pie .
that 's a big ole fail on you .
close to home and i love trying new places .
salsa is unique and has great kick , served with homemade chips .
great place to chill on the patio with friends !
me and two girlfriends went to malee 's for lunch .
i always get danny 's special .
and he did n't get all the crap off the bottom of my feet .
not a resort .
however , gammage is a poor venue and badly needs updating .
disgusting .
they responded , were here and gone within an hour !
i have always recommended this to all my friends and family .
you 're here for mass quantities , not subtle qualities .
the service was excellent , no complaints !
the atmosphere is clean , quiet , and relaxed .
the app we got sucked as well .
very nice pieces , especially at _num_ % off .
very reasonable prices , good service , and very generous portions !
this was one of the best mexican restaurants we 've been to .
and the teppan chefs are amazing and entertaining !
laura is still the queen of making me look clean and pretty !
incredible food , unbelievably perfect customer service .
my entire family goes to him and loves him .
not satisfied and will not be returning .
its not an all you can eat & drink event .
the delivery guys will never bring the pizza to my door .
pizza is okay , not great but not bad either .
you can get better gyros at many other places in the valley .
another great time at charleston 's .
since i did n't inventory my bag it makes it even worse .
my friends were very impressed with the ambiance , service and the margaritas !
the atmosphere is so appropriate for the menu .
i really want to like this hotel .
great food , great wine .
my husband went to get it and there was no one to help .
best breakfast around .
how ridiculous is that !
it was actually uncomfortable to be stared at while we ate .
would definitely recommend bandera to a friends .
they make it just how i remember !
had a bit of the w feel but it was bright and airy inside .
small little place but it was amazing .
great service , and friendly staff .
the sauces are too thick , salty and not subtle .
we had a group of about ten and one of ours won .
and dad was loving his burger .
the staff is very professional and caring .
after being seated it took _num_ minutes to get a waiter .
among this list is an alignment sheet saying my car is out of alignment .
thanks kim !
great spa with awesome staff .
you will be very pleased with the decision .
value for money - very low .
sorry i to vent but i was livid .
his service overall was very good .
wrong .
the staff is friendly .
my double cheese burger and medium fries were trash worthy .
good neighborhood eating and drinking establishment .
the atmosphere is comfortable for any group .
her response was nothing .
not impressed .
unprofessional and rude experience .
nothing was outstanding , but it was definitely worth the money .
the wine list was pretty extensive and had nice , good wines .
feel free to read my review on that horrible dinner experience as well .
fun place for kids n fam .
some major deals to be had during happy hour .
and maintenance _num_ hours ?
was pleasantly surprised !
i hate that this is the closest walgreens to me .
prices seem , for the most part , good .
if the food had been outstanding , maybe i 'd try again .
i will be back for sure !
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .
i am so glad i found this place a few years ago .
the cable cuts out every _num_ minutes and goes to a blue screen .
extremely nice staff .
waste of time , will never go back there or any discount tire again .
my fajitas were very bland in flavor .
you really have to see it to appreciate it .
the service is amazing and the owners are amazing .
they can fix any piece of clothing you bring to them .
food was over priced , terrible and it took over an hour .
i do n't know why it has such high ratings .
i love this place .
his attitude was that he just did n't care .
wonderful treatment of rice .
the food was excellent .
service was not so good for a slow night .
this place sucks .
great food !
the food and cake were delicious and our guests even requested seconds !
this is a top _num_ mexican food spot !
i came here to visit friends and have dinner @ elements .
this is the best kept lunch secret in town !
always great clothing and they had plenty in my size .
its the worst i have had here on the east side .
just not when it actually matters for their residents .
great local place .
the location , views , and grounds are all unbeatable .
thanks guys !
just plain old nasty food !
mediocre food .
i will be coming back !
i 'm a bit surprised about the comments on here .
hands down best mexican restaurant in town !
the mushrooms were stuffed with seafood and had a cream sauce and balsamic glaze .
i 'm always happy walking out !
the doctor was so nice and answered all my questions .
besides all that , the food was amazing .
service here is slow .
this is an awesome rv park .
the meat they use on that burger is delish !
bagels are so good and they have the best breakfast sandwiches .
the number six special is my regular .
other hot entrees and sandwiches passed by that looked incredible , and hearty .
it was so much fun !
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .
my grandma takes us both here to celebrate out birthdays each year .
probably wo n't come back .
this place has a very interesting setting and a really wonderful patio .
great late night menu !
service is great as well .
friendly waitstaff .
everyone in my group loved their food .
the decor was nice and simple , but contemporary .
everything tasted good .
might i add the biscuits are delicious !
seems like man agent needs to shake things up .
i have never had service so bad before .
ca n't believe they stay in business .
our waiter was not the only rude one , either .
holy mother of god this place is amazing !
horrible .
i ca n't get past how crowded and busy and this place is .
i would never come back .
save yourself a trip , do n't go here .
decided never to visit this place again .
you will most likely sink if you lightly bump against a river rock .
i love this place !
they always get my order wrong .
best filet in scottsdale !
extremely clean , very professional .
i had the queso dip and fish tacos and they were very good !
i love ice cream and i am a fan of baskin robbins .
they might do better if they made food for adults .
great environment !
it was n't even cooked and all the veggies were in a separate container .
he chose to ignore me .
the price is good as well .
overall the restaurant made a very good first impression and i will be returning .
... sold !
best pizza in scottsdale , solid everytime .
best sports bar ever !
we left , made sure the manager knew .
thank you !
and an extra $ _num_ for using a credit card ?
another negative is nearly everything is fried .
this place is good .
fried zucchini was also pretty tasty .
definitely make sure you get there on time .
very helpful , well-stocked and close to my home .
apparently they carry seconds and have no customer service .
super disappointed with the customer service here .
they also sell a lot of nice hair products in the front .
amazing every time !
first of all , they were packed .
nice selection of stuff .
best german food in town , live music on fridays .
that takes them _num_ minutes to make .
will definitely be ordering from here again !
none of the people behind the cash register could tell me what anything was .
we sat down patiently for _num_ minutes without service .
so he finally got to eat more after _num_ minutes of cooling .
drinks again were left bone dry .
clean !
very good approach to typically recognized dishes .
`` `` '' '' good food .
one of the best gyro places in arizona !
the cheese cake had no crust but was decent .
nice outside setting .
the chef did n't speak english and would just yell at us .
overall , a pleasant and tasty meal .
once i bit into them , i wished i had n't tasted them .
if i could give zero stars i would .
their sandwich bread is amazing and their sandwiches are huge !
nice server chick is the only reason why i give this place _num_ stars .
typical home depot .
heat up leftovers the next day .
there was a good accordion player and the apple strudel was great .
very pleasant staff .
everyone i know here loves this place .
taste is average and not worth the cost .
went to midas to get an oil change .
very central location , nice swimming pools ( and heated ! )
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .
it was another great experience visually and food was delicious as usual !
it was the perfect combination for a hot night .
excellent seafood , not greasy , & light coating if you are ordering fried .
thank you so much for a great evening !
the food is thoughtful , modern , well balanced .
always a great experience .
the place was packed and there was only one grill available .
love it !
the reviews all look very positive as they should be .
the food came out hot , well prepared .
when they arrived at the table , both had sour cream on top .
i love their chips and salsa .
boring .
tatiana nailed it .
instead we got dry tortillas ... at pita pit .
very nice atmosphere inside .
great experience !
the worst thing was the acoustics in the restaurant .
a miserable experience that started before we were even in the parking lot .
absolutely the worst pizza i 've ever had .
never refilled our drinks .
speaking of the food , its great !
the salsa is amazing too !
to boot it cost me $ _num_ .
they do n't really have variety of selections to choose from .
i love this place .
employees would not honor prices on their own website during memorial day weekend .
no service for the first _num_ mins we were there .
definitely not worth the wait though .
however , the last time my husband and i went it was horrible .
i was not given the hot oil treatment i purchased .
the perfect local spot for a great meal .
the roaring fork has wonderful food and fantastic customer service .
always take care of my and my staff when we come in .
i love elmer 's and everyone that works there .
pretty cool place .
thanks bosa for being great !
boy was the horseradish spicy and i loved it !
there was not a lot of tzatziki sauce so it was kinda dry .
great pricing considering they deliver .
worse customer service .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !
the staff is friendly and the skinny margaritas are delicious .
tables are always a mess !
from my last experience i will never go or recommend the phoenician again .
went here in search of a falafel fix .
i would not recommend it .
been here many times and always enjoy myself .
also has great customer service and a good location in old town .
if a sundae could be bland , this was .
very clean and has a good scottsdale feel .
we waited several minutes before being greeted by a rude young lady .
love them !
is n't it my choice what i do with my money ?
tasty food , great prices , prompt , friendly service .
they work fast and always give great customer service !
nasty people .
i would be starving too if this is all i had to eat !
my fiance ordered the cinnamon roll french toast and it was amazing !
i will definitely be returning soon !
one of my favorite restaurants in scottsdale .
will be back !
we stayed in a one bedroom suite for most of our stay .
walked in , no greeting , `` what can i get for you ? ''
everything is so fresh & good .
it was flat , and had no flavor whatsoever .
get my point ?
my mom had an egg salad sandwich and it was completely bland .
our drinks were dry and chip basket was empty .
spicy mexican for him and amazing seafood or a great salad for me .
their complimentary happy hour is also a great touch .
horrible prices for low quality food .
my new favorite cold treat .
i went there and i was quite happy .
wings and drinks were great .
tom and team - thank you !
eyecare plus is the best i have experienced in arizona .
but if you 're a sports fan , the atmosphere is terrific .
she is friendly , polite and sweet as can be !
will definitely not be back !
the office employees are not very bright .
i love this place !
blah blah blah .
love this place !
no women customers was interesting .
i suspect it was reheated .
i love this cleaners !
not impressed at all and a little disappointed .
the best chicken i have ever had .
but really , _num_ stars ?
definitely recommend this place .
visiting from out of town and went to the breakfast club .
almost enough to ruin an entire plate .
you must try the wild berry pancakes .
i was so mad at her and myself .
great food , wine , and atmosphere !
this is a gem in arizona and needs more support and press .
the salon is clean and very cute .
just thrown together .
the ice cream was delicious .
overall , a very good meal , for a reasonable cost .
will definitely go here again .
my favorite coffee shop for sure !
staff is friendly , efficient , and totally understanding when it comes to payments .
the sauce on the meat was too heavy with lemon .
are you kidding me ?
i hand him my ticket and he takes out my shoes .
the food and service were amazing .
the service was top notch !
wow .
i suggest going elsewhere if you feel like being treated as a paying patron !
this is always a must do when i come home to scottsdale .
management no longer cares about the golf experience .
he 's always friendly to me and calls me by name .
always a fun time .
they gave us two plates of white rice that were approximately three cups each .
the cut cost $ _num_ but it was more like a $ _num_ cut .
i also love their drink options .
i can always count on an appointment at the time i want .
the food here was way too salty and bland .
we always have a great experience at cowboy ciao .
i am a single mom of _num_ little ones and make very little .
the food was n't terrible .
the food was cold with no flavor .
i am not trying to get free stuff .
boo , not very good customer service .
i love that its underground .
lovely , simply lovely .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !
it 's a great place to stop by for a treat .
i also almost had my car towed for parking in my spot .
the chicken kebab was dry and obviously reheated .
they did n't even offer any compensation for their mess up .
i 'm new to this side of town .
love this store !
camelback mountain is right outside the window .
it is very expensive , very high quality and very traditional .
the chicken was overdone , but the taste of the sauce was good .
we were definitely delighted by great food and a great service .
the steaks were top notch and we loved the sweet potato pie side .
they do excellent work and very fair prices .
very fresh , great selection , great service and very fast !
kitchen is pretty good .
love is ... a full tummy of sushi .
outstanding service !
the mother of pearl pool wins me over every time .
it 's a great hole in the wall bar with the biker attitude .
the service and decor are first class .
two of my most favorite things rolled into one .
chris at mike 's body shop did a great job in helping me out .
she went in the back and returned with four cupcakes smashed into a napkin .
_num_ : my wife order was lost .
love it !
been _num_ minutes .
this was a terrible experience !
surprised how charming it was on the inside !
needless to say it has been a very stressful occasion .
few people get cell phone reception in our 1st floor apt .
they are consistantly friendly and efficient .
gel polish seemed old .
salsa is the best !
nice people , good food , friendly service .
thank you everyone at az smiles .
so i was extremely dissappointed .
this place is awesome !
but , i called midas and they were so great .
the salsa bar is great also .
he showed up on time and his car was clean and comfortable .
the salad bar was amazing and the food tasted great .
highly recommended !
payment was very simple and easy .
so the sad thing is , we are n't even tourists , were locals .
laura has now moved to the wind and water spa in scottsdale .
so many choices .
love love love this store !
so the waitress sad `` ok '' and turned around and walked away .
fresh ingredients , thick sliced pepperoni , delicious sauce and quality cheese .
going to avoid this place from now on .
basically i was stuck with this reservation .
i love this vet office !
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .
what we got was way worse .
tottie has managed to create a place that is simply her -- fabulous .
but , it 's still tender and yummy .
i highly recommend this hotel .
also had the grilled meatloaf for lunch was also great .
i love this place .
excellent service , great food .
a poor example of mexican food in phoenix .
the rooms are clean , spacious .
nice selection of games to play .
one of my favorite local breakfast joints .
i had friends from back east plan their trips to scottsdale around this festival .
all were superb .
thanks !
was not offered bread .
he will not consider changing your meds .
very disappointed .
they promptly completed the services it did need and charged a fair price .
the aisles are well stocked , organized , and the employees are friendly .
great pairings !
enjoy !
friendly service .
this place does not even deserve a star .
it was gorgeous !
this is simply not a good place to feed a hungry family .
overall good food and huge portions .
its the venues , and sometimes the people surrounding them that do n't care .
i really enjoy this venue .
pricey for no quality , not even a little quality .
will not be back .
this place is amazing if you have n't been you got ta go .
the restaurant is very clean and well decorated .
once again , disappointed .
it 's amazing !
`` oh , my bad .
just no .
beautiful cake .
i go there with my friends to eat some amazing waffles and hashbrowns .
so impressed with kendra !
great food and great service !
it was just plain bad .
the employees here clearly hate their jobs .
terrible service .
but worst of all is their illegal leasing practices .
great selection of new books !
i will keep coming back .
so disappointed !
we 'll definitely be back !
great gym .
it wo n't disappoint .
absolutely loved it !
i 'm still waiting on my 2nd key .
this little place is a treasure .
especially the orange blossom .
they have excellent coffee and espresso drinks .
this is kind of service that 's rare these days .
they keep getting negative reviews filtered .
she is so nice , friendly , and a real pleasure .
he was great .
$ _num_ later we were done .
awesome pastrami on fresh made toasted bread !
the best sushi and service .
another hour passes by , i called again - the line was busy .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .
i will never go to the tempe improv again .
this is a fantastic school .
food is mediocre , but mostly it 's the staff that ruins it .
they said she would call but she did not .
i would completely recommend this venue to everyone !
the pad thai was very good , but a touch too spicy .
nothing special .
i would n't even give the store a second chance .
very good food and great friendly service .
the creme brulee is the highest quality i have had in the east valley .
friendly staff .
i 'm a customer for life !
_num_ minutes pass , no check came even though our table had been cleared .
i went back second time to give them another try .
but like the garlic knots , the dough itself offered very little flavor .
it was appalling .
we absolutely loved carlsbad tavern !
the food ... fantastic !
i want everyone to go and see randy !
the owner here is always angry and never appreciated business .
ordered the barbecue beef sub and could not even finish it , so gross .
fortunately i got out with out with only the tiger shrimp appetizer .
one of the best decisions i 've ever made !
luckily i knew them already .
the tempura was okay , but the sauce served with it was rather bland .
they are always cooking up something creative and delicious !
customer service totally horrible .
our server doc : ) was professional and attentive .
_num_ teachers in one year .
not at all what we expected !
he was short with me and plain out rude .
more than half the stale chips had nothing on them .
the environment was great too .
it was quite delicious !
poor sushi selection .
the service itself was n't bad .
false advertisement at its best urban .
do n't try to trick us common mesa folk with your fancy italian .
i feel like i tasted more tortilla than meat .
what a fantastic company !
this is my favorite restaurant in the whole valley .
lively vibe here with many locals .
the manager whom is a lady was very rude and could care less .
do n't believe their ads .
this is like ... .
you guys were great !
so i have to go to the famous scottsdale plumbing co .
i love this place .
cool staff and always tons of equipment open to use .
she carefully explained her opinion and options .
the place is dirty and smells bad , the employees are n't even clean .
sat down and told the waiter we were only here for one shot .
get off your high horse people !
if it was just the ranch or the onions and mustard , no biggie .
this is my favorite place to go after work and while on break !
service was stellar !
cold and mediocre .
i enjoy coming here after hiking .
best place in bell road .
ca n't wait to buy a wonderful treasure for our home , bb !
staff is prompt and pleasant .
the cheese crisp with guacamole on the side is crazy good .
the staff was very friendly .
awesome job and nice guy !
i love the style and the quality of everything is excellent .
the waiter must have said `` i 'm sorry '' literally _num_ times .
i try things over and over , sometimes when they suck too .
have been going there for years - always great service .
i told him that was ridiculous and i would just buy it on amazon .
believe me i 've been a manager at a ruth 's chris before !
the herbs in the sauce came through much better and the crust was wonderful .
love love love this place !
so , why only one star ?
always a great experience , quick and done right .
idk how many more words i can come up for just plan sucks .
very relaxed atmosphere .
and their pizza is delicious .
ordered takeout and did n't check it before leaving !
i would definitely recommend this storage facility .
awesome !
what can i say the store is clean and everyone is friendly .
delicious !
stopped on my way to work and it was pretty tasty .
a+ for experience and a+ for food .
will not be returning .
during our entire dining experience they made no mention of my birthday to us .
and this locations lack of attention to detail .
so good .
took my money , nothing .
just a wonderful bar !
but we did n't run the card , you did . ''
even the pizza is among my favorites in town .
amazing , legit chill spot nothing fancy awesomeness ... .
the people that come are friendly as is the staff .
never going back !
we did n't order any food so i ca n't comment on that .
the sushi is always great , the patio divine !
and i never come to the er for pain i just deal with it .
all salad bar items were stocked and fresh .
best green corn tamales around .
thank you dodge !
we love the laid back atmosphere .
they were great , friendly , and down to earth .
what makes me angry is the waitress not telling me i was being charged .
overall , i would not go back .
i have n't been in years , and probably wo n't be going back .
my beet salad ... great .
purchased a groupon for spa mani/pedi , amazing deal !
be true to yourself .
the staff here is excellent , very caring .
my approach to dining ... make it count .
ridiculous .
fantastic service , fast and friendly .
one star because zero was n't an option .
i highly recommend checking this place out , it exceeded my expectations .
give it a shot !
the price is great .
the room was nice and clean .
the food is good as well as the frosty beverages .
especially when there are only _num_ people in the whole restaurant .
everyone in my party was happy with their food .
i also always order the same family shared feast with filet and chicken .
ca n't believe they call this pho .
i love trim time !
best italian food in the valley and it 's convenient !
reading the other reviews on here i see others feel the same way .
sometime ease of convenience is worth more than taste .
he tells me , it came in but it was the wrong key .
were bothered by it and walked out .
definitely one of my favorite restaurants !
the lady was really good and fast .
do n't bother with this place .
i went here with a friend for dinner and we had a great time !
this is my absolute favorite restaurant in arizona !
shelly the bartender is so awesome .
_num_ ) not delicious .
consistently outstanding food .
positive impact !
my girlfriend and i love it here , been coming for awhile .
impressive wine list .
great customer service from the hostess , waiter and owner .
we ordered two pizzas , a salad , and soda at 6:00 .
store is really dirty in general ; floors are gross and shelves disgusting .
he even has his own cigars that are really good !
love the pork green chile .
food is good .
penny is amazing !
the bed is n't comfortable .
blue adobe 's nachos have excellent shredded beef in generous portions .
best and cheapest donuts in the valley .
purchased a number _num_ meal beef taco with enchilada and beans and rice .
good service ... good food ... winning combination !
excuse my french .
love going to walgreen for my cheaper make up .
the staff is very friendly and thorough .
diana in the sales office was a delight to worth with !
overall experience was great , too .
went here yesterday and was extremely disappointed .
i ca n't tell you how great this place is .
my girlfriend really liked the mandarin wheat as well .
no amount of cleaning you do will be good enough to not be charged .
the green chilis were tough and needed a steak knife to cut .
we went on a friday night and it was packed with people !
definitely coming back here for another special occasion .
total guilty pleasure .
have been here twice , and will now make a weekly visit !
anyway , there are too many other places to buy a used car .
spicy .
the cake was delicious , it looked gorgeous .
the staff are courteous , friendly and excellent at their job .
super delicious !
the service was very slow and the restaurant floor was very grimy .
great for families .
i was served the most disgusting salad once there .
will not be going back .
highly recommend .
would recommend - great food !
casual yet romantic yet cozy .
it was the worst experience i have ever had .
elite customer service and compassionate pricing .
delish !
the sizes were not clearly marked and the woman did n't care .
made with processed turkey and ham .
tickets were $ _num_ and the place was packed .
all were excellent !
the bowling is super affordable and you wo n't find better for these prices .
unfortunately the management company would not work with them & locked the doors .
i got so sick from their food that i had to do it .
extremely impressed with the improvement of service and quality of food with this restaurant .
breakfast and bloody marry on the weekends !
it has a very midwest feel with the menu and the people .
the service was also very good .
the place is very rundown , it needs some major paint and upgrades .
( testing out this new iphone app ! )
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
you may want to revisit your sales techniques la fitness .
the shrimp was n't that good , either .
will definitely be hitting this spot again .
a+ for aaa service .
do not support this store .
highly recommended !
every time i go into the store it smells so good .
i recommend the carne asada nachos .
our server was the perfect blend of attentive but not hovering .
this car was terrible .
why has this chain not closed yet with its 19th ' menu .
very nice staff .
i 'm a new patient and my experience was awesome !
these people were very friendly and very helpful .
i love visiting this bar during the holidays .
i do n't understand why that 's such a big deal anyway .
we were truly disappointed .
they make their pancakes with peanut oil .
keep up the good work !
jimmy was our bartender and made a great drink and they were reasonably priced .
the food , atmosphere and service were impeccable !
fixed price _num_ course menu .
best pharmacy ever ... .
inattentive service and dirty too .
most enthusiastic taco bell people ever .
they are delicious .
and walked out to buy him one .
my whole family likes it !
thank you !
i am so pleased .
they helped her a lot .
she was phenomenal .
the chef was funny and great at his job !
we came here for dessert and picked the right spot .
that 's right ... i 'm reviewing a denny 's !
the second day had a veggie scramble that was fantastic .
talked to another family in the parking lot .
this is pizza not lasagna .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .
he is awesome at coloring , cutting and styling .
all in all , the customer service and work performed were high quality .
excellent service and every dish is flavorful .
the same owners , same great food and service .
rip off !
at _num_ am i was still waiting to be seen .
i walked in anyway , despite thinking i was in the wrong place .
the prices here are way too high for what you get .
excellent service !
place is pretty great .
she was fantastic , very friendly , and definitely knows what she is doing !
it was just what i needed .
you will receive the shit from the owner if you do this .
so once seated , service was super slow , tap water , really ?
great selection of great boots .
plus the place was like almost empty .
properly train your servers .
until the waitress talked my friends into another type of vodka .
this place was truly stellar .
not for us .
the place is huge , but pretty much empty when we got there .
best place to go in scottsdale !
the owner is a very welcoming person , make sure to talk to him .
it will be a cold day before i would buy anything from this place .
the happy hour is great .
ok , now this place is n't looking too good .
really a shame .
empanadas & shrimp wrapped in bacon .
my veal with prosciutto and peas was memorable .
which sucks .
pastas are also great .
this place is okay ... not my top choice for thai .
it 's a bit pricey , but highly recommended .
i quite possibly will never go to another jiffy lube .
everything from the service to the food is perfect .
the staff was super nice too .
avoid it .
five people waiting to get their haircut , one dude .
shrimp was okay and the fries were good too .
thank you !
expensive but worth it for the whole experience !
so all this time you could 've had my dress done in _num_ hrs ?
great job .
cute place , lots of stuff !
do not go through the drive through .
but my order was completely wrong and not complete .
but sadly , this is was the only positive for the restaurant .
and not that cheap either .
food & service was amazing !
great italian food & import beers on tap .
wish i could give this place _num_ stars .
not a fan of the crust though .
omg yum .
the food was delish and perfect for an easter morning after church .
food always taste fresh , and the customer service is great .
this place is awesome for kids and adults .
and their lunch specials are wonderful too .
call ahead to make sure they got your tires ... .
the plumbing in the walls was very loud .
the restaurant delicious .
please use this dry cleaners if you enjoy wasting your time .
this place is great .
i went in and it was empty .
the soup and garlic toast were tasteless .
the concierge at our hotel recommended the tortilla factory but what a disappointment .
they have a huge beer selection and the prices are very good .
stopped here sunday morning for a quick breakfast .
why would i goto a cleaner that needs me to inventory my clothes ?
the owners are so nice that i like supporting their business .
the service was great and would highly recommend !
incompetent & rude !
property is great .
just crappy customer service .
service was very good .
will never return again , or purchase another vehicle from mark kia .
also , do n't get a table there .
bartender made a great dirty martini !
excellent service and food as always .
will definitely return !
i think dog food right from the bag would be better .
she was very rude and the customer service was horrid .
my co-worker got a sandwich and a breakfast shake .
sadly , a horrible haircut was the result .
michael in customer service is a gentleman and very sweet .
he is friendly , outgoing , and extremely professional .
bathrooms were disgusting .
awesome darts , awesome juke box !
the cold air poured around the door , which made my adult daughter uncomfortable .
the bacon was prepared perfectly as well .
fantastic shop !
im on a tight tight budget and needed used tires asap .
i got great service .
i spent over $ _num_ at their store within a month .
it 's a good place to escape for children .
however there have been many disappointing visits .
best sushi in the valley !
i convinced him to wait for me to look into this .
wish i did n't even have to leave one star .
a half hour food ticket is sad .
a little bit pricey but great customer service and fast install without an appointment .
beautiful room options , each with unique interiors .
thanks dale .
the music the perfect accompaniment for dinner .
anyhow , my wife works there , so it must be cool !
which they said she was rude .
eric was amazing .
loved the pizza here .
i highly recommend coming here for dinner .
excellent food , margaritas , service and atmosphere !
they changed the interior which is more inviting and open .
lots of service counters .
she will not return any calls or emails .
we waited for about _num_ minutes and no one came to help us .
their happy hour goes until 8pm .
he told him it was overcooked .
the service department are the nicest people !
service was wonderful to match !
food was cold and did n't get what i ordered .
the staff was highly lazy .
and was very disappointed .
the staff is fantastic and on top of things .
we did and got right in .
great atmosphere , great eating , great service .
we came here tonight , waited _num_ minutes for a server and left .
the veggies , where not steamed enough , and mash seemed old .
the lunch was not even warm in temp .
the asada is heaven !
the christmas show is spectacular and the musicians are top notch .
orange blossom is my favorite !
highest praises to the carlsbad tavern team .
_num_ stars , all the way !
ambience : large restaurant , always somewhat busy for lunch .
very professional courteous staff members .
this place is great .
i will be back !
_num_ -- bad food .
feeling ripped off and wo n't return .
friendly staff but disappointing visit .
the staff was great .
she was nice enough , but that is too crowded .
our party ordered a variety of pizza , pasta , salads , steak .
had the mushroom burger and i was very happy with my choice .
friendly and professional staff .
we cancelled our tv service _num_ months ago .
it 's boring , dusty , and overcrowded .
cool people working there .
they will treat you fair !
i would like to try the breakfast menu and will definitely be back !
excellent happy hour !
the orange chicken & lettuce wraps are amazing .
the produce quality has been pretty good lately .
amazing food , great prices , friendly staff , and a great selection .
the price is reasonable , easy to order and it taste great .
if you want excellent customer service , come to this location !
one of the best places to eat in the phoenix area .
why would you put all of that on the same pizza ?
i 've had this a few times since .
i love , love , love this place .
this place fails .
i love this home depot !
and it was very hot , obviously had been heated up in a microwave .
i was n't expecting much from scottsdale springs .
love , love , love the orange blossom beer .
the cornbread and roasted artichokes our are favorite appetizers !
cups smelled of old dirty dish water .
this was a great experience !
thanks for feeding my love of purses louis !
sitting by the fire pits , listening to the live music is super .
servers were ok , though seemed very not thrilled to be there .
i ca n't complain about the quality so much .
fail .
nice homey feeling at this family ran business .
we went to dinner with another couple and really enjoyed the whole experience .
but alas , a great massage does not make a spa .
i had a really wonderful experience here .
no organized line to order at the counter and the hostess was rude .
understaffed leads to horrible service on a busy weekend morning .
and the ones they have are horrible .
food is great tasting as well !
soooo yummy !
dr. jones is as good as it gets !
they looked right at me and did n't even acknowledge me or smile .
what kind of mcdonalds does n't have that .
if you are craving thai this is the spot .
service was terrible .
do n't waste your time or money here .
amazing dinner in the indoor/outdoor room overlooking the pool .
the refried beans are some of the best i 've had .
the cut is adorable and works with my fine , limp hair .
for a mobile home park it is extremely clean and quiet .
it was , i have to say , really unpleasant .
it 's light but filling .
i feel completely relaxed while in the pedicure chair !
the happy hour from 3pm - 6pm is very excellent .
consistently good food !
i will go back to them and tell people to go there too !
this is a great place !
will be back !
too damn expensive and the service usually sucks !
nail stylist did a great job .
the blue corn flautas are fantastic !
unfortunately , i have to say i was disappointed in grimaldi 's = ( .
i would recommend this place .
it 's great .
seriously run the ac you 're so cheap .
lowes sucks !
the shoe department is good and the kids even better .
ill find somewhere else to spend my money i guess .
great place !
margaritas and lunch with music and great tree coverage .
i would recommend them to anyone !
the installation was quick and professional and the product is quality .
very disappointing .
love that you can chose heat level .
my friend got a cheeseburger and i got the prime steak .
first time being at this place and my husband and i got kicked out .
new york strip was simply awful .
we all loved the food .
and the best breads make the best sandwiches .
my husband asked the waiter how big the portions are for the fettuccine alfredo .
i 've been back for _num_ fill and marie did a great job again .
great for kids , especially young kids .
her : i said after _num_ , so it 'll be at least _num_ .
great sushi .
it 's a shame .
it might be that it was 8pm or who knows .
moved here from cali and have been on the quest for good mexican food .
you can not find that on most menus period and this is definitely authentic .
the prices are great !
do not rent these apartments regardless of any deals they are offering .
first in _num_ , when they were recommended for my wedding dress alterations .
the food is also tasty .
great food served in a family friendly environment !
he 's the best , period .
everything i try is great .
( old people style has its benefits . )
thanks , barry 's !
definitely will have to try more the next time we go to the market .
said it was running fine .
these guys are talented pros .
our _num_ separate checks perfect .
great steaks were had by all and the blt wedge was fantastic .
she rolled her eyes and walked away .
bad move !
i have heard good things about this store and i was greatly disappointed .
if this place had better food would of been four stars for sure .
no towel service .
i did a wine flight , which was fun and got a dessert sampler .
it 's a real mom and pop place i would highly recommend !
yet another outstanding experience of customer service here .
they had it almost _num_ yrs .
her ability to make me feel important was an awesome experience .
upon returning from lunch , don called , but he was rude .
no problem we will put a rush on it .
it 's seriously too big to even swim in a tank that small .
i will never again use this pizza place again in my life .
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .
the happy hour food prices and drink prices are unbeatable .
i do n't even want to mark this as a one star .
the have a nice open bar to wait for your table .
this place is awesome !
avoid !
but the mac and cheese was aweful .
big mistake .
it is here i realized how lame and dumb people can be .
do n't waste your time if you need a dependable catering option .
this is a wonderful place to go for mexican food .
we only go here if absolutely , positively ... necessary .
but its cheap .
thank you for all your hard work and honesty .
nothing special about this food at all .
worst i 've ever been to !
the salon is beautiful , staff are friendly and helpful .
the staff is always friendly , accomodating , and efficient .
probably the worst customer service i have gotten from a starbucks .
i check through the room and find no issues .
bagel nosh makes me happy in the mornings !
i do n't understand because my server this time was terrible .
well as a resident let me just say you are severely lacking !
the venue was horrible !
the food was great .
if not , continue on your way and do n't look back .
perhaps not right out of the oven , but still good .
she looked embarrassed and offered us a dessert .
the breakfast looks reasonable upon purchase but is far better at other budget hotels .
amazing carne asada nachos add roasted jalapeo !
gas stations serve better coffee .
made for a memorable anniversary dinner .
it was delicious and they cracked it table side .
for just $ _num_ more i can buy _num_ of them .
excellent place , nice owner .
zero crowd .
we never got refills and no one checked on us .
_num_ minutes later .
walked right in and let justin do his thing .
their breakfast is good old fashion diner food , and they do it well .
trust me go to macayos or garcia 's instead .
great small plates and cheese assortment .
no fries .
the service is always pretty nice .
it 's great year round !
no record of an order placed , yet paid for .
really great choices on the menu .
what a wonderful time dolly steamboat gives its passengers !
went here on a recommendation from a friend .
what a great experience !
this is an old-fashioned family spot .
greeted and seated immediately at 8:30 a.m. on a holiday weekend .
this was not a good experience .
great job !
the bloody i got was also really good .
my issue is with the professionalism of the staff .
i could not have been more wrong .
thank you !
pleasant surrounding , attentive service and authentic food .
very impressed with service and excellent food .
this place is gold .
plus the sourdough bread is great too .
for persian food in phoenix this is the best place i have been to .
generally , no one takes responsibility for issues like this .
we immediately stopped eating and called the waiter to our table .
the whole process was excellent .
staff very helpful and friendly .
recommend him to any one !
but that was the worst decision i could ever make .
this is the place !
soooo ... we have eaten here a lot !
not too spicy -- but so very flavorful !
a real class act .
great prices !
bring a lot of water because there is n't any on the course .
i probably would n't come back .
everyone loved the mini desserts .
corned beef hash was fresh home made .
food was amazing lots of flavor .
bad experience .
the prices are good .
uncle sal 's did a fantastic job and our waitress was great .
i was treated with respect and care the entire time .
i 'm `` _num_ % sure '' she wont be getting a tip ... .
great atmosphere .
the grounds are colorful and well maintained .
i could spend a whole day chatting with them !
great price , speedy preparation , overall good food .
fun social atmosphere .
customer service could 've been better .
do n't make that mistake if you have to fill there .
just do not plan to have that stuff very long .
first place my friends and i tried when we got here .
thank you and see you again soon !
and sometimes even rotten -- i.e .
excellent work .
great food .
they brought the fresh soup and only _num_ had sour cream in it .
highly recommend !
our experience with this business was positive .
really hoping my bank will refund me my money .
what a stadium !
i would not waste my time .
everyone was so kind !
skip the old town tortilla factory !
my husband enjoyed his burger and nothing here to break the bank !
this wal-mart have no shopping baskets .
great happy hour prices also .
as a general rule , i avoid sushi in arizona .
i 'm recommending her to all my friends !
i ordered my pizza and left in the comments to add ranch and buffalo .
overall i would try them again but not my first choice .
they recently added mac and cheese bites to the menu they are amazing !
my mother-in-law had the spaghetti alla carbonara .
great service !
this place is the best always hot and fresh .
they are fast , i received a quote and install date same day .
bad service , bad food ... bad everything !
the service is unfriendly and super slow .
thanks for all your help , ladies !
great pool and hot tub .
came here for valentines day everything was great .
we feel the staff here is inexperienced and needs additional training .
no patrick .
every time i go i get something new , and love it .
well worth searching out this gem .
very much appreciated , they saved the day !
and he is very affordable !
i went back that day for dinner also ... soo good .
honey hot and the teriyaki wings are my favorite .
good beer selection .
it 's more like `` the bad egg '' !
the mac n cheese ( $ _num_ ) is awesome and a bargain !
he 's truly the best !
customer service is outstanding and will help you with any questions you have .
i highly recommend the green chili appetizer , it was incredible .
i dream of this beer .
love this place .
fast and efficient , even if there is a line .
worst management ever .
was put on hold for _num_ min then hung up on .
great old style mexican breakfast !
nice tomato sauce , just the right amount of cheese .
they installed a light above my pool table and did an excellent job .
the business is very clean and close to restaurants .
my family loves this place .
horrible , horrible food .
wow it was the strip mall carnival of the wild west .
he was rude and does not belong in the food service industry .
i will definitely come back again .
very nice little place to eat .
just a little store that sells some bikes and does quality repair work .
this was one of the best experiences i have had at the dentist .
just go and enjoy the experience .
we were pleasantly surprised , the staff was extremely helpful and nice .
meatball grinder also very good .
dirty looks from at least _num_ people .
one of the best high-end chinese restaurants in the valley .
but i know i wont ever get all three .
our service was excellent , drinks are well priced at $ _num_ .
and i 'm _num_ years old .
they give reading 's there too if your into that kinda stuff .
this was an amazing night .
it 's plain condescending .
the food is so surprisingly tasty , fresh , and healthy .
while not as hectic as the other spot , the food was equally amazing .
unfortunately , i ca n't agree with the other reviewers here .
if i could give this place negative stars i would .
i ordered a shredded beef burrito and it was excellent .
there are many good places to eat on mill , so skip this one .
yeah , its a run down store , but its full of super bargains !
she brought my little niece who we were also celebrating her birthday .
oh my goodness , how annoying !
my truck looks amazing !
best tom yum soup !
the orange table is a great breakfast option in scottsdale .
good drink menu , too , and hostesses are always friendly !
than red white and brew is for you .
if your open to driving _num_ minutes the hilton is a much better option .
there are not enough tables for the amount of people .
weekday happy hour from 11am - 5pm !
oh that is the best italian food .
our server , bethany , was very nice .
at this point i 'm done .
i went with _num_ friends and our waitress was really rude .
do not use i repeat do not use !
however , the 2nd night we ordered italian and were very satisfied .
it 's nice to get here after the lunch crowd has come and gone .
thanks ladies !
you need to get past that and enjoy the food .
so i work in the area and decided to get some takeout .
best in phoenix .
i am always greeted warmly and alicia is always very friendly .
the lady behind the deli counter was really nice !
wo n't be back .
highly recommend checking rachel 's work .
the people are always friendly and the bartenders are awesome .
they were definitely light on the chili , and it was alright .
prices , high .
atmosphere is fun yet sophisticated .
best fast food japanese in arizona - period .
that just seems plain lazy to me .
let 's start out with the great ambiance they have .
not sure if the guy was new or not .
will be recommending to all my friends and family !
so happy to have found this little gem !
nice staff , good prices , highly recommend .
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
i would highly recommend them .
nice service .
pleasant and fast competent service .
the food well everything is awsome .
the flavorless meat was so tough that it hurt my teeth .
the atmosphere was neat although it is pretty cramped in there .
my _num_ kids loved this place .
it was n't shabby looking , just broken in .
the happy hour goes till _num_ , and yummy appetizers are all half price .
the worst part was the dirt though .
elements ' chilean seabass is to die for .
there 's always plenty to take home for second servings .
this place is one of my favorite places to grab a burger .
and the continued service from dale at the shop is always spot on .
stick to tuna and salmon sashimi and miso soup .
the drinks were ok , but tasted like sprite was added to the margaritas .
he could n't do any of it .
beautiful tour !
everything i have gotten here has been great !
love coming here .
great food and service .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .
do it people ... ... these folks deliver what they say .
generally never had a problem until today .
pho was so bland and disappointing .
walked in and loved the ambience .
the smile was not returned .
very , very dry .
you ca n't truly ever redeem yourself after that .
i will keep going on my lunch breaks !
manager could also care less .
this place is absolutely awesome !
man , i got to stop hanging out in scottsdale .
she was sitting there hiding .
we 've been coming in here for _num_ years and it is consistently fabulous !
and not in a good way .
no fries ?
( hence the _num_ stars ) .
sadly , the spa is nothing like it was .
this is definitely one of them !
$ _num_ for two copies .
i got what i wanted , hot , and quick .
beautiful & relaxing spa .
for piercings i highly recommend justin ( goes by oj there ) .
i love this place .
ok , yes , the beer list is incredible .
great coffee , nice staff .
the food was bland and cold .
this is the worst applebees i have been too .
called and booked a tour for my family and it was great .
i waited over _num_ minutes for my entree .
so , they were out of the toro .
all in all , my cheesesteak was filling , but not very satisfying .
i will continue to go here because it close to work .
please fix the problem .
i check the ac and turn it down and nothing happens .
very conversational and personable , oh ... and he makes some absolutely delicious sushi !
love this place !
the box office refused a refund .
one of my favorite shops .
especially to make an older lady wait for her food , not cool .
thank you dodge electric !
the other people in our party left as well .
i had the chicken stuffed with feta and spinach topped with a pesto sauce .
the best oranges i 've ever tasted .
she either did n't know what she was talking about or worse was lying .
our server was n't pleasant at all .
food is tasty .
horrible .
i was really , really disappointed with this place .
very friendly guys .
the meat had no taste the salsa was blah .
a _num_ hour _num_ minute wait with over _num_ hour between seeing the waitress .
great thai food .
my two star goes to the terribly unhappy woman that works behind the counter .
everything else though just does n't please the senses nor does the dirty tables .
huge disappointment !
half of my head was over processed .
shitty , shitty , shitty .
terrible .
i 've been here many times and really have liked everything i 've had .
however , my experience at this particular store was not good .
fun place !
thanks guys i will be recommending you in the future .
this is the best place to buy produce !
anyhow , i pulled up to the ( yup ! )
keep it up .
love love love !
the crowd was a real mixed bag which made for some great people-watching .
bistro selections are excellent and the bar worked out just fine too !
unfortunately i will be finding a new place with a friendlier face .
must say it was a great breakfast .
it 's the best i 've ever had !
best greek chicken salad i 've had .
very good mexican food here !
thank you so much jason lee .
poor poor timing in the kitchen .
tasty sushi in a contemporary stylish atmosphere .
buy a membership and enjoy a break from the heat !
i love this place .
my wife came in with a fedex flat rate package .
this place is not worth the money or craving of sushi .
not huge but great atmosphere especially with live music .
recommend the kung pao and crab puffs !
i 've visited several times for both breakfast and lunch .
i love living here .
the most amazing and helpful employees i have ever experienced at any store ever !
damn all this talk about it makes me want to go now .
its a great place to find wine and drink it !
chile verde is some of the best i 've had !
excellent service from everyone .
i recently dined here for a special occasion .
we will definitely return here once i find time to visit az !
obviously they could use some work on their staff though .
there did n't seem to be anyone in charge .
i love that !
chapman is a great dealer and their quality shows in the staff .
you are not the only game in town .
super patient with my _num_ year old .
a hidden gem in the area .
he is knowledgeable and helpful .
the brewery atmosphere is standard .
there are better restaurants just a few minutes away .
good food , bar atmosphere.
the chopped salad was super interesting and had really nice texture and flavour .
still , management did nothing to comp the clientele .
everyone is so friendly and really seems to care about my dog .
the receptionist was busy getting her nails done .
this was a $ _num_ .
i 'm very please with the service and work !
the martinis are substantial and the bar had a pretty impressive selection .
i 'm disappointed and wo n't go back .
you ca n't take a bad photo on here , it 's just gorgeous .
i do n't get it .
however , the security is horrible and power hungry .
this is by far the best .
i always seem to have a great time at this place .
worst host service i 've ever experienced .
i loved living there but moved to be closer to my job .
she said your bill is $ _num_ .
wow !
fresh squeezed oj and amazing service !
best tenderloin sandwich there is .
they have surprised me every single time - each cake has been absolutely flawless .
the food was very good , excellent service and a good overall experience .
certainly no intention to return .
definitely a lounge more than anything .
great service , awesome atmosphere .
when asked to prove this she could n't .
it is his favorite coffee shop .
she is responsible for why scottsdale looks so good .
needs a complete interior update overhaul and face lift .
tried the angus deluxe as well as the grilled bbq chicken wrap .
but i brushed it off and gave them another chance .
it always gives you a ton of food !
our server was really nice and knowledgable on her beer selection .
delicious .
then why didnt they work when we drove it off the lot ?
their pizza , meatballs , and calzones are great !
i really like the driving range .
each one was better than the other .
sally is great .
prices are very reasonable , appointments were kept and the workmanship was top notch .
i feel like i 'm in a foreign country walking in here .
this is a place where you feel like your with family .
i 'm a regular here and would recommend this place to all my friends .
nice work kona ... .
i highly recommend them eyecare plus !
amazing food .
let 's just leave it at i wo n't be going back .
the food was so atrocious that we literally left without eating !
drinks were great .
i 'm having a hard time getting to like this place .
would not go back .
atmosphere , food and prices ( happy hour ) .
very highly recommend !
it was too much and kind of bland .
they have friendly service , which is great .
good service , but below average food .
thank you tammy for your help .
unfortunately , i did n't get to enjoy it .
by the time the manager stopped by we were talking about going elsewhere .
i 'm going to lead with ive never physically visited this venue .
she also cut my sons and husbands hair .
the deco and atmosphere is nice but food is terrible .
the service is top notch as well .
the phoenician really dropped the ball and disappointed .
this makes it a _num_ star instead of _num_ .
it was clearly gross .
check it out !
very nice staff , great wine selection , and incredible food .
a great experience .
trust me , you will love living here !
this is a family owned small business ( which i love ) .
the bar service is outstanding .
three years later , people still talk about the food at our wedding .
good taste !
she takes good care of him and does a wonderful job .
... and it was awful .
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .
extremely cozy to meet with friends and spacious enough to appreciate the surrounding area .
the crust is so crispy and the sauce is great .
our sales person david roy was the absolute best .
i trust him completely and that says a heck of a lot !
was craving a french dip .
very disappointed .
very good experience .
this company continues to exceed my expectations .
the manager acted like he did n't care .
nothing special .
definitely a great place for sandwiches and desserts .
i had a really really great time here .
the fool is me .
very friendly bar .
virtually all of which were in use .
i feel pretty lucky to have found this place .
service is always fast and prices are on the `` fair '' side .
so , goes without saying : do n't .
sandwiches are my favorite .
boring .
it was so bad we still had plenty left .
the staff has been nothing but great !
so , we get to the appointment thirty minutes early .
i was helped by anna who was an angel !
pool tables video games and a great pizza joint next door .
good food , good service ... fast !
highly recommended .
prices are reasonable especially for the area .
i would highly recommend checking them out and seeing their selection .
fantastic work .
the deli is also great !
this is a failed attempt at a ny slice .
delicious !
would recommend this place !
best produce around and inexpensive .
great for walk-ins ( which i did ) , relatively fast , terrific service .
would not recommend .
i had to wait _num_ hours for a tow truck out in mesa .
the owners greeted us and remembered us from our previous visit .
the pizza is great !
the sandwiches are very good and the home made cannolis are sublime .
still love the boston cream yum !
silverware was missing .
beer heaven !
thoughtful , well prepared , and perfectly prepared .
the rest of it is just cucumber and onions .
i always have it delivered and the driver is always very courteous .
grilled artichokes are back : ) and better than ever .
just if they do make sichuan food they would be able to do this .
loved it .
i come here for everything !
one of our favorite restaurants .
i tried rosati 's next door and it was far better for the price .
he was incredibly slow .
made fresh and they are quite generous in portion size .
we had build your own omelettes .
highly recommended .
as oil change joints go , this place is pretty decent .
simply the best dive bar in valley .
not sure she was in the moment .
our server was disconnected & cold .
monday night , we were the only _num_ in the restaurant .
it 's sublime !
after searching for years , i finally found an excellent eyecare center .
great food in a great atmosphere !
i definitely would recommend !
fantastic happy hour .
well priced , and so nice and friendly !
all the staff definitely love their jobs .
but the rooms are not so nice .
not to mention i live less than a mile away .
always serving till 2am !
poor customer service in store .
it was interesting but not that exciting .
the staff was very friendly , especially the owners ' son .
beautiful afternoon cruise ( 2pm ) .
this is my favorite place to come and hang out with friends .
everyone was very pleased with their choices .
this place rocks and so does their food .
nice hip atmosphere ... who know arizona could be trendy ?
it looked like something had spilled all over them .
the wines were all very young which is ok if they were good .
ray was fantastic !
yes , it 's that good !
i love this place .
whoever runs this thing is probably making bank off it .
this is some of the very best !
this is one of the best chinese food places in all of scottsdale .
if you are _num_ years old though , this place would be awesome .
the staff is helpful .
i had a taco salad and i could n't even finish eating it .
the first time i order here the employees were rude and impatient .
the staff was n't helpful or friendly .
just posted a new , long review to explain .
it was delicious .
but the customer service ruins it all for me .
now that 's worth it to me !
the service was great .
i would n't recommend women walk across the parking lot alone .
this place was pretty good .
one rep told me i needed to visit a branch to figure it out .
great service .
they can barely handle making appointments .
defalco 's has the best cheesesteak you can get in the desert .
great atmosphere !
now this just makes me mad .
avoid scottsdale healthcare .
it 's so cute now !
i do n't even know where to begin .
come prepared with unbelievably low expectations , and , you might just enjoy yourself .
sure , no problem .
the fish has always been surprisingly fresh and the rolls are substantial and flavorful .
the lamb was tender & juicy , seasoned just right with great flavor .
has a wide variety of pipes of all different price ranges .
nothing special especially for $ _num_ .
_num_ years of amazing food !
what was wonderful were the pancakes , which gave my ratings the two stars .
excellent .
the no rules pasta with chicken was dry .
both were great .
the service was really fast and extraordinarily friendly .
worth every penny .
love the jalapeo pancakes !
great job !
loved the bread i will go back to this restaurant .
it took the entire table literally !
had the pleasure of being helped by suzanne who works in cosmetics .
really quality place , great selection , nice lounge !
too bad crust does n't deliver .
the service has always been excellent for me and the breakfast is always delicious .
embarrassing for me , then .
save your money and do n't bother going !
he did not really seem to be to sympathetic .
food is not great , but it 's good .
excellent food and service .
i am leaving very disappointed .
i crave it all the time .
i hate this location .
the service from the hotel staff was the best i have ever seen .
the chicken is so moist , tender , yummy !
someone from the kitchen delivered our food .
it 's such a clean place and the staff is really friendly !
when we went to pick them up , they were wrong again .
the facility is excellent .
finally we decide to ask , and after asking the server seemed confused .
they are always honest , straightforward , and professional .
avoid like the plague !
the food was good and the beer selection was pretty decent as well .
it did n't seem very professional .
so delicious !
i want to go there right now and get one !
highly recommend this shop .
very friendly folks .
hit them up !
love love love my nails !
love it !
this the the best jiffy lube by far .
lastly for my $ _num_ wash they did not dress my tires .
hands down , the best place .
all the food was delicious !
so unacceptable .
it 's been worth the drive and i 'll definitely return !
people making reservation were not interested .
the majority of us ordered the short ribs and not one person was impressed .
when it came we should have sent it back .
very friendly and knew all the best dishes .
she listened to what i wanted and helped me find dresses that met that .
no matter what i order on the menu it always brings me pleasure .
here now and he always looks gorgeous when we pick him up .
everything tastes fresh and is served hot .
love the place .
he is the best i 've seen in a long time .
i 'm heading to home depot !
maybe next time people should n't stare at us as much ?
the schnitzel was dry and the breading used was not authentic .
huge wine list with great appetizers .
customer service : omg ... horrible .
several times now , they have added hidden fees .
owner is rude , and loud .
our server was nice enough , said she 's worked here for _num_ years .
i work _num_ minutes away and they are very nice and hard working staff .
highly recommended .
the mechanic tried to pressure my hubby into doing the repairs at their shop .
so after the move out we got a bill for $ _num_ .
i thought that was incredibly nice of them .
ten minutes later ... and we are still waiting .
not my kind of place .
very disappointing .
the gyro plate is my favorite .
love this restaurant and love the consistency of great food and great service !
good stuff and some junk too .
i will definitely be back .
the interior is worse .
small bar and everyone knows everyone .
$ _num_ a day resort fee does not include wifi .
anyway , i lost my confidence in this place .
he was great .
due to that little scam , i will not be going back .
the drive out is very nice from phoenix , very easy to find .
the product is timeless quality .
food was terrible and the staff was very rude .
great prices .
the walk from the lobby to the room requires a ride in a cart .
b ) she demanded , and i mean demanded another form of payment .
good honest work .
plus i feel like the menu used to have more options .
everything seemed very clean and my hostess was very attentive .
the owners need to update and clean their tools they use on nails !
granted i 've been working on it .
jennifer , the owner and lead nail tech , is top notch .
they enjoy the extra play times and getting a bath while they 're there .
food was very bland , bland , bland .
ask for pedro , he is the best waiter !
the food is very yummy .
her salon is clean and comfortable .
i just picked out the properly cooked edges and left the rest behind .
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .
it was chips with fake cheese sauce .
was not a regular , but dang .
small portions and the price was almost _num_ bucks .
worst customer service ever !
their thursday ladies night is great .
love it !
they are not bad , but nothing special .
great atmosphere overall .
ice cream was good .
my fave is their fish tacos , but all their food is good .
made me a very happy customer .
but still no bread basket .
the shrimp were way over cooked , which just ruined the dish !
if you decide to go there and get disappointed , do n't blame me .
the clothes that are finished this time were also horribly done .
when i tried to call back , she refused to answer the phone .
if we 're lucky , the only problem is our order is screwed up .
she is super attentive and always so fun to see !
not a hampton inn we will recommend .
all in all , it was a good experience .
will definitely be coming back !
only giving one star because i ca n't give zero stars .
the fries are awesome and i recommend trying one of their six dipping sauces .
superior service from reception to the service tech sean ( sp ? )
this place is pretty awesome .
disappointing .
the staff has always been super nice and i have always been nice back .
i got the worst food poisoning from here .
food is always great here and probably the cleanest restaurant i 've ever seen .
ugh .
denise le here is absolutely amazing !
absolutely the most frustrating place i have ever gone to eat .
great for happy hour !
apparently the booth was being held for another group that came after us .
nasty !
its a shame .
no bread or clean plates after the salad .
we definitely will be back !
we waited _num_ minutes for a bottle of champagne !
just enough breading and filling inside .
extremely professional , friendly , efficient and prompt .
after the discount , they were $ _num_ .
to me this beats your average dive bar .
worst customer service i have ever had .
they do great work and are always honest .
no answer or no information .
i have recommended them to several friends based on my positive experience .
it is truly like a small town diner at small town diner prices .
they are the best .
we just had pepperoni pizza and salad but both were good .
although i do n't care for chains , alas it served a purpose .
definitely some of the best service i have had .
not a good habit when the computer is in guest view .
the atmosphere was fun and lively and the service was very good .
both management companies act like they care but do n't really .
i love this place !
i highly recommend this place ... i will be back !
needless to say service was horrific and environment felt like a strip club .
their egg rolls are pretty good along with their sweet and sour sauce too .
i 'll definitely be back .
always good hamburgers , fries , and ice cream treats .
hard and chewy ... it 's difficult to describe .
our server alexis took exceptional care of us .
portions are really small for a $ _num_ plate .
has their french dip .
being coming there for _num_ + years and have loved each slice .
and have enjoyed every last bite .
b. refilling your horrible coffee without asking first .
if i could give this place negatives stars i would .
this was a nightmare !
i do n't get it .
it is new mexico cuisine in scottsdale .
these guys took a negative situation and absolutely turned it around .
him -- sound was terrible .
she appeared very angry at my request , and called her manager again .
i was craving it .
thank you for your wonderful service .
they did a good job .
turns out it was n't because it came to $ _num_ .
it 's not their prices , and it 's definitely not their service .
bathrooms and laundry facilities were impressive compared to other parks we have stayed at .
this place is amazing !
high end coffee shoppe with a local `` feel '' .
saw karen the other day and she did a wonderful job .
_num_ stars because the coffee and doughnuts were still yummy .
our waitress was nice and the food arrived in a timely manner .
great food !
this is the only mcdonalds i have been in that does this .
very nice ambiance in the restaraunt overall .
the perfect business or executive lunch .
it 's all worth it !
gravy or onions on schnitzel is recommended .
you must eat here .
free travel guides and maps : ) ahhh so worth the membership !
service was bad and the food was cold .
best donuts i 've had in the phoenix area .
our server was as sweet as could be .
i had a calzone which was yummy but the service ruined the experience .
easy 5/5 , recommended to all family and friends .
terrible to-go service !
incredible service and excellent food .
their meat section is a joke lacking any real selection .
id say about the size patty you would find on a mcdonalds kids cheeseburger .
staff was great !
good experience !
nice atmosphere .
i definitely recommend it .
i 've had all _num_ of my tattoo 's done at urban art .
this cruise was so much fun !
he was super helpful and informative .
one of the owners , moe , is incredible .
our servers were extremely friendly and professional .
i was calm , but told him i was disappointed .
i look forward to my next trip !
we loved the appetizers and drinks !
they were extremely slow waiting on us even though the place was empty .
they are lucky they have the convenience factor going for them .
the place looks shady from outside , but inside the attention is very friendly .
places like this are a rare find .
another big thank you to this location of the keg !
this is something that everyone who loves designer bags needs to know .
the pool sticks were in terrible condition and were n't straight in the slightest .
he was n't , trust me , i was a server for years .
my boys and i love coming here .
thanks , bread basket !
the food was amazing !
just a great experience overall .
thank you nick for all your help !
stylish rooms , totally comfortable .
it ended up costing $ _num_ for _num_ people .
the food is amazing and big servings !
secondly , the bathrooms are always disgusting .
and if you want them grilled its another buck .
paid for ranch , but got none .
we are glad we did , everything was excellent once again .
so very disappointed !
they also only had _num_ sushi chefs in the very packed restaurant .
i could n't even finish my second slice .
rolls were not good and fish did n't taste fresh .
its not a fancy date night setting but its great food .
i 'm so hungry , why wo n't you bring me my food ?
any friends or guests that we take there love it as well .
bring a picnic they have a wonderful area to eat .
it 's the male bartender that really brought the rating down .
second ... service ... very capable guy who knew the menu and always smiling .
not impressed .
got an order of cheese fries and they were disgusting !
horrible experience .
their staff is always courteous and helpful , as well .
and this was n't a one time thing that 's happened .
this is a cool dive away from all the old town bs .
it was very disappointing .
it must be a mistake .
this is a place we always bring out of town friends .
they are very thorough and they are that way with everyone .
it was a nice and warm night too , which was great .
definitely worth checking out their awesome selection of books !
great drinks .
for me this is the best baseball themed restaurant anywhere .
the couch days were great .
worst ever !
old town is the location of the original dos gringos .
the rotisserie chicken is the best i 've ever had .
this place is beyond a shit hole .
surprisingly the line moved super fast .
this restaurant knows how to make customers happy .
it was really tough and extremely chewy .
great food , good prices and friendly wait staff .
i 've always loved this bar & grill .
highly disappointed .
treated me right from the get go .
staff actually recommended not using one .
highly recommend .
we love the environment and the staff .
great food and service .
he gave us great service a store credit for my wife 's old phone .
we found it !
no , and no .
their lenses and frames are of good quality .
the chili ramen is my new favorite .
the management was just terrible .
and it 's really good !
amazing service !
everything was prepared and cooked perfectly .
great tasting pizza .
great selection of in season vegetable plants .
the outdoor seat ambience is superb .
i live _num_ minutes away and i will not be back .
there is very little variety here .
excellent prices and so very very helpful .
always fun !
as good as it gets for persian food .
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !
he is _num_ star competent and a total gentleman .
i 'm sure she really cared anyway .
great salon , decent prices , high quality merchandise .
generally the food is pretty good .
the man that was working was very nice and helpful .
oh and did i forget to mention they have really good sushi as well .
the classics taste great.
i have never seen guacamole like this before .
sara was very accommodating to our schedule and took great care of buddy .
you must get the chopped salad , it really is that good .
in the meantime , i read tracy 's yelp review about their experience .
i ordered the linguini in clam sauce .
the office is amazing and the care was great !
what a beautiful location over looking the pond and the golf course .
the optometrist was the best !
amazing food .
nicole and vinny did an amazing job on my very detailed fall nails !
great overall though .
just wan na pre warn .
anything with their green chili is amazing .
i always will .
this is the best italian food i have ever had !
everyone was really nice though and i would go back again .
very rude food server .
it 's an awesome , family run business in a cool old building .
my hands feel clean and pretty .
a major inconvenience was made even more inconvenient .
the breakfast pancakes are the best i 've ever eaten !
the fish was stale and gray .
get there early , it does pack up pretty quickly .
the blue cheese gone bad on one visit .
if you want to play pool this is the spot .
and do n't let them watch movies while customers are waiting for drinks .
best restaurant ever !
small wonder he has such a loyal following .
i will continue to come back despite the service .
nikki has been a great help and all staff are so helpful .
papago is a great place when you 're in the mood for great beer .
last time i was there , the owner greeted us and was super nice .
i do n't think i 'll fine here again anytime soon .
it was uncomfortable .
great place for football season as well .
anything done to the course will be a blessing !
done to perfection .
when the manager arrived , she told me that she had removed my coffee .
he is an awesome salesman and defiantly deserves employee of the month !
very nice stadium .
so worth the drive out of my way !
the biscuits and gravy were just okay .
wont be going back !
_num_ diamonds ?
_num_ pool is kind of small .
thank you for everything !
great service from a family run company !
good service !
it is quiet , clean , the apartments have an awesome layout .
girlfriend ordered the kung pao , was also spicy and good .
most of the girls that work at this location have the worst customer service .
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .
i love grandma 's .
this is by far the best storage place i have used .
the dr is knowledgeable and professional , but unfortunately the assistants ruin the office .
the weather was perfect for patio dining and their patio was surprisingly well decorated .
visited and enjoyed my experience here a few months ago .
everyone is so great and and wonderful customer service .
service is fast and they have a very clean ladies room !
this place has a stellar reputation with locals .
she spent lots of time on me and made me feel really special .
good steak service was awesome friendly atmosphere in restaurant .
painful review for a painful experience .
our wedding cake was amazing !
ice cream is not worth that hassle .
i hate peas , hate them .
i have been coming here for about _num_ months and love it !
if you want legitimate vegan fare try out some indian places or ethiopian places .
our experience met all of our expectations .
kool spot .
they have great weekly specials , including two nights where kids eat free .
we love it here !
it 's usually impossible to find parking .
the prices are very reasonable .
fun building to be in and great , fresh mexican food .
the prime rib was excellent .
came here for my birthday dinner with family and was disappointed with the service .
thanks for a fine meal , roaring fork .
i too wish i could give negative stars .
it was very very delicious .
food is fine but the service is not even reach average .
our server `` cat '' the owner 's niece was excellent !
if you are in a pinch , they can usually squeeze you in .
terrific baseball memorabilia everywhere you look .
there was very little variety there , and i was disappointed .
love the service , atmosphere and food .
you rock , and my husband and i will be forever customers !
the gel polish is uneven and overall the pedicure looks sloppy .
salsa was not spicy and very watered down .
the lobster alone deserved _num_ stars !
he is honest and has a super positive attitude .
you will be disappointed .
staff unfriendly , food terrible .
it is perfect when you want a fun night out .
i decided to call banfield and they could get me right away .
the service was prompt and friendly .
i was quite disappointed .
i hate olive garden but it 's better then this place !
i loved the atmosphere .
i was n't charged an extra fee either when i picked up my ticket .
fresh fish .
service was slow and inattentive .
they are very experienced and focused on customer service .
we took our time , enjoyed the food and we never felt rushed .
`` um , no i 've lived here most of my life . ''
great food , good deals , amazing atmosphere , highly recommend .
and to act like it my fault for disturbing your glorious day at work ?
you 're better off at taco bell .
was the worst behavior i got in scottsdale salon .
except my medium pepperoni pizza cost $ _num_ !
nice outdoor seating area and great bar area inside .
just not this one .
awesome food , great drinks & great service .
super informative , quick , nice and calm , and funny too !
well huge disappointment .
this was the best seafood we have ever eaten .
so you do n't want us to sit at your table ?
i got extensions by ashley wright and i have had nothing but problems since .
we are right down the street .
drinks from the bar where strong and good !
my husband and i are the biggest wing fans you 'll meet .
pane e ' vino is still our favorite place .
the sea bass was dry and felt and tasted like straw .
came here on two occasions , a friday night and again monday .
beef fondue = unusual and delicious .
once we tasted the shakes we wanted to return them they were so bad .
& hamburger special .
so disappointed .
i walked out .
it was all bad .
excellent place with fantastic food .
leah is great !
the staff was friendly and made us feel welcome .
the rest of us get our food and it was a huge disappointment .
this pharmacy is absolutely terrible .
it 's all good .
i will continue going to this office as long as possible .
sorry , not acceptable .
i am not going here again .
anybody and everybody fits it at the coach house .
totally ridiculous , i will never order from them again .
we ordered the chicken nachos and jalapeno sliders ... both were delicious .
dr thompson practice by far is the best dentist i have ever been to .
the service was spot on and so friendly .
my favorite dishes are : artichoke heart as an appetizer is unreal .
this place is terrible , there 's no one here .
everyone was pleased with their food .
received an email after placing my order online stating a _num_ minute delivery time .
my all time favorite dive bar .
you get plenty of food for he money but it is mediocre food .
nothing exciting , just your standard pepperoni pizza .
they sold me two pair which were not long enough .
service was attentive .
dont waste you 're time .
lol i will one day !
nice !
anything bbq from this place is amazing .
indian tacos were over fried and tasted like oil .
overall , we found no good mexican food in scottsdale area .
so says my _num_ yr old and _num_ yr old .
but i would n't venture back there again .
enjoyed the setting as well .
good and beverage was high quality .
i love gyros and this is my favorite place to get them .
standing directly in front of him without a drink is not enough ?
do go and see what they have - you will be so impressed !
with fries and/or onion rings , this is the perfect hangover meal .
i 'm very pleased to have found this office .
just the perfect way to make a apple fritter !
the food was superb , the view was gorgeous and the service was phenomenal .
thank you !
there are better places , it 's expensive for such poor quality of staff .
a great place for a special occasion !
even get it for take out and you will be happy !
great little store .
lovely little family business .
great !
i will never return here .
after she replaced my order she refused to return my receipt to me .
great spot to chill and bs with some friends .
they did a wonderful job !
when something feels wrong , remember this post .
the thing that will keep you coming back is the food .
the strawberry pancakes were amazing !
everything else is pretty mediocre and flavorless .
it is also quite large , especially for the price !
i 've had their cheese burger too and it was pretty good .
just an az classic .
the tamales , ceviche and `` banana leaf wrapped fish '' was delicious .
just fyi , it 's mostly an older crowd .
there is better pizza around and closer .
neighborhood spot that has a lot of regulars .
the bowl was small for $ _num_ .
nice atmosphere , good service , great food !
the margaritas are divine and the ambiance is spectacular .
more of a tex-mex than authentic mexican food .
always get my water here .
lettuce is crisp in the salad , not limp , and veggies taste fresh .
courtney does the best eye brow wax ever !
it 's just that good .
the drink and food specials were amazing .
this is our neighborhood go-to restaurant and we 're always happy with the experience .
good food and excellent service !
the vegetables are very fresh and not over cooked .
mani was good too .
rewards program is an added bonus .
the worst part of all though was the billing .
what was impressive was way they handled it .
just for the rudeness they get a _num_ star forever .
along with the pecan dessert , the meal was perfect .
their food is great and one of our favorite fast food places .
everything is done well and the service is top notch .
when the pizza did arrive , it was cold and the box was smashed .
what an amazing experience !
i decide to go back to pacific 's and get my money back .
please know this is not correct .
best mussels i have had in a long time .
so i said i guess i can go without dinner tonight .
my experience there was just a huge waste of time !
have been here before and the food was ok , smoothie better .
all food was stale .
the frys were good , but soggy as well .
there was _num_ dress i was able to try .
i 'm sure she 'll find time to sell you a couple of bikes .
all in all this place was a failure .
_num_ people just sitting around watching tv .
our waiter was friendly and gave us excellent advice on what dishes to order .
i always discover something new .
i did n't even want to give them one star .
everyone that i have met here is very nice and accomodating .
i should 've looked at the buffet before i paid .
they have different salads everyday that are fresh and delicious .
they must have changed that recipe ... one part salsa with _num_ parts water ?
in addition to a site to see a place to eat .
good and fun ... .
great sandwich .
dingy , dark , dirty , sticky -- that 's your table .
we are thrilled that he has his own practice now .
the whole experience just sucked .
great teachers with a broad experience .
i will not return to this sonic .
that 's $ _num_ more than the quote on the phone .
red chili beef and pork soooo good .
band was terrible and too loud .
very fun atmosphere !
great food and never ending sodas .
will return , great mixed drinks as well .
i wait _num_ minutes for my food , which tastes fine to me .
we 'll see you all again soon .
i 'd give this zero stars if i could .
sound = terrible .
loved this nail salon !
great and friendly service !
if they were new waitresses , they 'd get a pass .
horrible people !
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !
great lunch specials during the week as well , this place has it all .
she knows her brands !
my families dinners were also horrible .
the homemade green salsa is really good .
best salon in az !
i will never go back to metro now that there is another option .
very nice customer service .
they always deliver quickly .
i had the worst haircut of my life from the steven paul salon .
i told him this was absolutely unacceptable and they had lost my business .
fry 's is the electronics store everyone loves to hate .
bring me to sea saw and everything just makes perfect sense .
not the best for family dining and man was it not worth it !
this is a definite enjoyable dining experience on all levels !
first time and we are obsessed !
angry and just dry .
it was truly bad !
my car looked brand new and was even done a day early !
price very very reasonable .
rick was on time and very flexible .
the queso fundido came out with a texture more like soup than melted cheese .
coffee is weak .
place looks nice and family owned .
the rib eye steak was the winner dish tonight !
the service was also quite good .
i love our furniture .
the pork chops where amazing also !
the other time , i ordered bacon pancakes which were just ok .
at least _num_ dozen visits since last review so ... still good !
go for the happy hour !
love the online account access also .
this standing up for 2-3 hours to see a concert is crap !
best service !
all the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable .
great homemade fries !
i could also smell the stench of sewage , not a comforting feeling .
highly recommend santisi !
fun atmosphere .
before we ate already starting with a bad taste in our mouths .
diamond dot has become my favorite spot to eat !
here is where stuff gets bad .
she makes eye contact with me then quickly looks away .
the food is good .
great tortilla soup !
he definitely makes going here easier .
and when i asked for explanation , the girl was down right rude .
i would definitely recommend this place for any sushi lover !
great location .
i went home with severe back pain feeling like i was guilty of something .
it 's onto minute _num_ .
this is a great place to take your family .
great place , great food .
but who knows , maybe that 's you .
had a great experience .
i 'm not gon na get into details .
spacious and clean .
these guys are fantastic and honest !
hands down best traditional mexican food in az !
experience enjoyable .
five stars for a company this impressive !
wrong !
older venue but great for the apache junction feel .
in the past i 've never really had any problems with service .
unfortunately , we wo n't be back .
fabulous dinner and service so definitely wanted to try the hh .
this location has the worst customer service and selection .
definitely a good place for fresh seafood in phx .
such a shame that reputable company like this does that .
great family owned business where the owner and employees truly love dogs .
ridiculous prices and crappy work .
i paid my $ _num_ bill and left .
they happen to have _num_ on the menu and are all delicious .
my bored mother in law .
service and food have been really good every time .
the other burger is cold and the nachos are wrong .
the best menudo in town !
the subway here is amazing !
she is cute and sweet and does the best job !
epic $ _num_ happy hour burger .
i 've eaten here twice and the food has been excellent both times .
this is a very simple problem that can easily be fixed .
i ate half and it was great the next day as well .
we will definitely be back !
what great and talented people !
is it the fanciest hotel i have ever stayed in ?
they are friendly , honest and always explain the work needed clearly .
the food came and my $ _num_ steak was covered in something deep fried .
very unpleasant experience .
everything else was fantastic .
i went in for new extensions and the staff was absolutely amazing .
their water was worse then yellow .
horrible company .
i would recommend to anyone !
i despise fake food .
the food was delicious .
service is soooo slow !
but what i bit into was not good at all .
not here .
the staff is so kind .
great brunch place .
i should n't have listened to my boss ' food recommendation .
cares nothing for my feedback .
the bacon is great too .
sadly this place did not really live up the the reviews .
worst breakfast i 've ever had .
the place needs to be remodeled badly and i would not stay here again .
thumbs way up .
service is friendly and attentive .
she responded with `` no no that 's not what she said . ''
entrees we amazing were amazing .
will absolutely eat here again .
new lunch menu looks like you 're dining at steak n shake .
not bad right ?
they go above and beyond with the service and they are extremely polite .
erica is simply the best .
makes a great family get away in march or april .
great food / great value .
best guac i 've ever had .
our family had a great meal here !
always great service .
i went there most recently for sunday football ticket with _num_ friends .
renee helped me and is fantastic .
very good food and nice atmosphere .
not greasy , good stuff .
it tasted like a severely watered down margarita .
this is one of my favorite hotels !
not like it used to be .
i highly recommend gyros place !
leo and the entire staff were incredible !
my chicken strips were fried like catfish ?
sat in the bar and the bartenders are nice .
it may be called carlsbad tavern because its bad .
and still got it wrong .
the green beans did n't taste fresh , much more like canned vegetables .
don and charlie is top notch from the food to the service .
flowers here are so fresh and beautiful and priced right .
great food served with as mile , thanks !
this is a great place !
the service is always amazing and we are never disappointed with the food !
everyone is amazing and they have a great front office staff !
have some fun trying to understand carmen 's italian accent .
got fast serve and good price .
also , the restaurant is not that clean .
customer service is everything to me !
plate full of delish !
best deal on steak ever .
i would definitely recommend this place for dinner .
it 's very friendly and cozy .
i saw plenty of reviews about cheap drinks .
chang and pei wei ) , you can often get away with that .
we have found a great place !
the whole process was handled well from start to finish .
great cheese , great sauce , great crust .
love elmer 's so much .
no way to run a business .
thanks prestige .
the outside grounds are beautifully maintained and look great .
this place is awesome !
no flavor , less than ordinary , will never eat their food again .
i highly recommend you check them out !
this place is simply awesome .
candy is an amazing waitress .
will be back again !
refused to refund money or even offer to make it look any better .
their price was very reasonable and competitive .
just nasty .
he 's honest and so very kind and his staff is the best !
this place is always good .
every picture we took came out perfectly .
i love pop the soda shop .
i had an overall great experience at eyecare plus .
the raspberry champagne is great as well .
the museum is packed full of impressive displays .
the tv was very old and dated and the reception was not that good.
my cheese steak was practically empty .
none of those bitches would work for me .
thank you so much for helping me today phil !
i was in a lot of pain and they helped me so much .
the margaritas are terrible and they do n't have frozen ones .
on my 6th bite i could n't do it .
they are n't even willing to move me to another unit .
she is very experienced in her field and i would recommend her to anyone .
amazing food .
great rib eye steak and service !
amazing !
salsa is fresh and so tasty .
the food is authentic .
her passion is color and she is very talented at it .
the best tailoring in town and the nicest most honest people !
it 's always packed and for good reason .
how much better does it get .
it was very good , but not exactly worth the wait or poor service .
definitely the nicest holiday inn i 've stayed at .
great way to try out equipment while saving for a bike .
zero flavor , zero effort .
no english speaking .
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .
the bartenders are great they remember a face and always make me feel welcome .
we are from out of town and have had a great stay here !
i 'll definitely go back here again .
really bad business !
wonderful food and even better service .
our lunch here was really delicious !
and then there is n't even an apology .
_num_ nearly identical stones .
very elegant ambiance and a professional and courteous staff .
the home-made salsa is wonderful and always fresh and in stock .
five stars for the great service and great tasting food at a reasonable price .
i go in and get their fresh food for dinner all the time .
they both came out amazing !
small , quaint and the food is awesome .
chicken parmesan was top quality .
robert treated us like close friends .
zero customer service .
just no .
in _num_ mins .
always fresh and good prices but it 's just fantastic .
michelle made us feel welcome and was always there at the perfect time .
they did not disappoint and exceeded my expectations !
have fun !
i enjoyed lunch here the other day .
all the rooms are outside and it 's _num_ floors high .
hawaiian ribeye , one of the best steaks i 've ever had .
only a moderate selection of food .
all of the chili sauce at pei wei 's could n't save the dish .
this place is amazing .
people living in this community have zero respect for one another .
fabulous service - oh , and did i mention the roasted salsa ?
great classes for kids .
found some unexpected goodies here !
enjoy !
he takes pride in doing a very thorough job .
mark taylor properties , step up your game .
yes my son got angry .
the crab rolls as an appetizer should just be thrown in the trash ... .
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .
the veal parmesan was tough , chewy , almost rubbery - and expensive .
i paid my $ _num_ to get in .
the appetizers were some of the worst i 've had in phoenix .
the sisters are great and very helpful .
go elsewhere for a car wash .
excellent .
since it was a first time order , i gave them a break .
first off the lady that was working today was super rude and mean .
great service and great prices .
i love my home and will stay here for years to come .
bad experience for entire process .
they are very slow in the drive thru .
if you know chinese food this is not it !
great place to watch any sporting event or ufc .
this was one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've had !
the waiters are charismatic and i 'm guessing these people have thin skin .
fun air conditioned place to go walk around .
how many _num_ stars do you see ?
there pizza is very good and the breadsticks are over the top delicious !
we took the tour august _num_ , _num_ and bought future tickets .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
amazing food !
portions small for amount of money spent .
i had _num_ margaritas and could n't even draw a buzz .
the young man was prompt , courteous and did all the right things .
enjoy a huge warm cinnamon bun with a cup of coffee !
no star granted .
even when i was a kid i knew it was mediocre at best .
the first time , my husband was very pleased with his plate of albacore .
can i give negative stars ?
c'mon marriott .
my canadian friend had never been , so it was quite a treat .
it was fantastic !
we get there and it 's empty -- literally not another table there .
do n't eat inside .
this is the by far the best of the lot .
oh hell no !
i usually trust yelp but this place was horrible .
they have great deals on rolls and the drinks are very affordable .
and for this reason , i wo n't return .
machines are constantly breaking and weeks before repaired .
i 'm still eating and i needed that napkin !
unfortunately , the meal was mediocre at best .
too bad .
i will definitely be back !
( that said , it 's still fast food . )
the amenities are great .
we have many favorites , but i really enjoyed the quinoa salad this week !
this place is a most see must do during xmas time !
you just lost my business .
not impressed breakfast club .
they just ca n't get it going .
the wait staff is not friendly or inviting .
the soup was good and creamy !
we told them , half the tables are empty .
that did n't even make sense .
the service was pretty bad to , really slow .
and , sadly , we were n't impressed .
always a good choice .
the rooms were comfortable and clean and the gym and amenities are fine .
keep your place clean , patio screens closed and you 're good .
i definitely recommend !
i 'd give it _num_ stars if that were possible !
sooo good !
a couple of weeks ago i bought a new suit .
anyways - check it out - good stuff .
hopefully i just got them on a bad day and they have better service .
the service is always very friendly and the food is so amazing !
done to perfection !
great brick oven pizza .
it tastes really good !
my car was n't starting and i was desperate for a fix .
also , the staff are pretty rude .
it 's a melting pot of young professionals .
the wings are delicious as well .
to update the fish and chips are delectable as is the corned beef sandwich .
the rice had dried out pieces from the microwave .
prices may be a little pricey but definitely worth it .
the customer service is amazing .
food is fresh and tasty .
overall it was a nice place to relax and have a drink .
this place and i will not recommend it to anyone .
what an amazing atmosphere !
if you want a spectacular breakfast , this is the place !
terrible !
the flavors are sharp and strong .
that should tell you how bad it was .
outside bar and stage is much better than i remember .
very poor conditions on the property .
i had such a fun and hilarious time on my adventure down salt river .
that would have been much more convenient for me .
a pleasant experience overall .
this place is fun dive bar and it has a beer pong table .
: ) that was nice to know !
mongolian beef was also bland and barely spicy for a spicy dish .
probably the best restaurant i 've found in glendale .
good prices for the portions , too .
will definitely come again !
the toast was a little soggy and bland .
no wonder he hardly had customers and they closed down the other two shops .
the entire crew made sure we had the most convenient and delicious lunch .
way to satisfy a customer !
great food , the pizza especially , and huge salads .
the bakery is very good .
will definitely be back .
she said something that i could n't understand and hung up .
good selection and friendly staff .
it was also $ _num_ but tasted like cough syrup and threw it away .
all very friendly & helpful employees here .
the rooms are extraordinarily clean !
this is definitely a place we will be getting delivery from again .
in my opinion , superior to grimaldi 's , bianco 's , etc .
this place was really great and we will definitely be back .
highly recommend this place .
best pizza and easy on the $ .
spring chopped salad was refreshing !
the food is excellent .
ordered the white pizza ; delicious .
super disappointing for a $ _num_ steak .
we take all our commercial as well as my personal vehicles here .
cockroaches , however are not a sign of cleanliness in a restaurant .
he was n't at all pushy and really went above and beyond our expectations !
all bland .
awesome happy hour on the 1/2 price pizza and apps .
hearing the name dos gringos just makes me want to day drink .
so not too bad .
the main entrance is actually off the street and very nice .
for our first visit to the north scottsdale location we had a great time !
this is our favorite `` lunch date '' place !
dennis and his team are awesome .
they told me to wait to get a new statement to pay .
i brought a few friends here for happy hour .
i definitely got my money 's worth with this item .
the food is not worth mentioning - except perhaps the hush puppies .
i had such a positive experience at az smiles .
did not check to see if it was still leaking .
the staff was super friendly , great experience overall !
they have no bathroom around three small tables inside and out .
we will always remember this special night and the amazing staff !
i ca n't believe this place is in business .
flautas would be much better with seasoning .
they provide great routine care for our pets as well .
my friend also go no trek to get water .
food and service was fantastic .
much better then , `` this is steve '' .
such service is so unexpected !
i usually order pancakes , bacon and eggs with fresh oj .
salads , pizzas and pasta were great !
everything was good .
will be back many times for sure !
great authentic mexican food !
_num_ minutes we sat there waiting to give our order .
everyone that works there seems to be really happy .
pizza was okay ; better than domino 's but nothing special .
the pizza was perfectly cooked , with a generous amount of toppings .
bread not sliced .
seriously , nicest bartender i 've experienced in downtown scottsdale .
dropping them from _num_ stars to _num_ .
lasts us a few meals and hits the spot .
kids loved it , and could not finish what they had .
i felt strange entering this place and it must be the energy of zizzo .
this is one of the coolest guitar shops i 've been to .
third , the food was cold .
lovely people who care about patients and are not out for a cash grab .
some what cheap food .
i can eat breakfast food at anytime so i 'm always a fan .
this is my new favourite spot for authentic sushi .
i 'm sad that i wasted my money .
no complaints there .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
your sound sucks - seriously sucks .
we had a horrible experience tonight .
fantastic service and the food was hot and tasty .
the total for this lunch was $ _num_ .
i also recommend the mole !
this bugs me more than anything else , even the damage to the vehicles .
bad , slow service .
i just could n't eat the stuff it was so bad .
i was told the sandwiches and pizzas are good .
wow ... great place !
best selection of pottery in the valley .
everyone that tried a bite said if was very `` strong '' .
tacky .
i did not take one bite because it was cold .
for _num_ drinks it was over $ _num_ .
i wish buying something was always this pleasant .
the prices are pretty hard to beat , $ _num_ for two dinner combos !
the drinks are pretty well priced .
grounds are absolutely relaxing and beautiful .
there was no broth .
the hh wine was excellent .
their chow mein is delicious as well , as is their lo mein .
we were out having fun .
this is the best place for lobster in arizona and may be anywhere .
they have been great to my family and i and we highly recommend them !
a+ service !
beautiful dining .
lame .
bad food and funny tasting tap brews .
and i felt it was a good value for the money .
their bagels are chewy and soft and wonderful .
bob & the team have been really great !
always fun !
the salad was good , not great .
the italian sausage sandwich was ok .
love this gym !
great place .
i thought the general standard was `` first come , first served '' .
thanks so much .
love this place ... every time .
beats out starbucks in quality of coffee and service .
for a local chain this place is great !
it was missing a pancake .
also horrible service .
really good hidden gem .
food here is exceptional .
skip it and try another bar .
there 's tvs everywhere and it gets packed for every game .
wonderful indoor/outdoor cafe in old scottsdale , az .
i 'll take ihop any day of the week over this silly place .
this is the general manager talking me a former employee and customer like this !
i love this place .
but the availability of truly great beer is a thing of wonder .
this place has excellent pizza and wings .
a must go to with your sweetheart !
amazing service and food .
wings are outstanding as well .
horrible !
the situation of the restroom : the sugar bowl was established in _num_ .
what a mistake .
soup was great , potato was large and good .
my favorite part was the train ride .
i sent multiple emails and never heard back from management after i moved out .
the place was too small and had too much flies in it .
love this place .
food and beer were good , but the service that night was awful .
i have always used this discount tire .
the peanut sauce tasted like it should , so that was good !
lon 's is no longer the dining gem as it was in the past .
however , no toast was present .
they have a great area for children and helpful staff .
took _num_ minutes to get hot coffee .
highly recommend .
i could actually see the pizza base through the toppings , sauce and cheese .
consistently good aj 's location .
no utensils were delivered and the salad was a costly mess .
food is great , better selection .
the stereo they installed sounds and looks great .
very bland .
this dental office only caused headaches for my boyfriend and i .
great food , friendly staff .
currently waiting for my food in the drive thru .
i was very satisfied with the service received from dodge electric .
i do that all the time and you can still eat it there .
waste of time , waste of a day , horrible customer service .
the atmosphere here is nice , too .
should have listened to my gut .
our server , judy was a delight , full of energy .
ordered a chocolate milkshake and it was very runny .
he was very friendly and very skilled .
he gives them excellent care and they are always happy to see him .
sorry , the famous ribs were short on meat and overcooked .
the bill was $ _num_ and not worth half that .
every person that i visited with at the shop was friendly and helpful .
i love this chinese food !
we love it !
advanced auto found it right away .
it is well worth the stop !
wonderful service ; friendly , family-owned business ; very reasonable price -- highly recommend !
( i assume .
this burrito was so spicy i could not finish it .
horrible , horrible , horrible !
these folks are authentic .
its definitely a cool place to check out if you 're in the area !
authentic italian , pizzas calzones and sandwiches are excellent but spirits a bit pricey .
great place , fast service , nice bunch of guys .
the food was delicious with gigantic portions .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
that is really what this place is for ... something different for the kids .
the atmosphere is very relaxed and the environment is very inviting .
went to happy hour here with some clients and it was great .
the food was heavy , americanized `` mexican '' food .
our food arrived still hot and was packaged so cute .
good young , single crowd most of the time .
dr. brown was very knowledgable and nice to both us and our pet .
the breakfast club is as good as you 'll find .
and the staff will make you feel like you are coming home .
staff is very friendly and always glad to see you !
the tom karen gai is flavorful & fresh .
i will forever recommend them to all my friends and family .
some good beer specials , which is rare on game day .
the food was great .
ridiculous .
sounds good to me !
the beef enchilada my husband had was fantastic and tostada was delicious .
the look so good !
hands down the best bagels in town .
nothing super fancy on the menu - just wholesome , authentic mexican food .
unbelievable .
i was so excited to visit lon 's after reading the reviews .
you could have taken our order and then told our waiter .
this is where things turned into an absolute nightmare .
third - it was loud at night .
the other dish was poorly executed and just tasted bad .
the oranges are amazing !
kudos , to all of you at penske !
they initially told me it would take about _num_ minutes to get it done .
glad we went & will definitely be back .
the chips and salsa are also a huge plus !
his staff is courteous , knowledgeable and super friendly .
i have been here _num_ or _num_ times and each experience was good .
nothing costs over $ _num_ ... great people , great service !
yes , it was a sirloin and would i like a rib-eye .
a recent trip to the scottsdale location did n't live up to those memories .
i have been back a several times since and always have a good experience .
so talented .
very clean .
i really do love this place .
the presentation was gorgeous .
i got an short a line bob and i love it .
it was delicious .
left a solid impression and was very courteous .
it will be a long time before we consider going back to gammage .
the following day i took my jeep into midas for a quick oil change .
not too happy with haircut , i felt like she didnt listen to me .
i 'd avoid this place at all costs !
but we warn you , it 's definitely a meal so come hungry !
highly recommended .
there is an amazing selection of sodas .
this is a must when we are in phx .
will not respond to any of the multiple emails i have sent .
they are late calling in prescription .
great place to watch sports .
love them !
was there a shooting here or something , because this is ridiculous .
the staff is just absolutely amazing .
there was _num_ of us .
staff was really friendly and attentive .
even the fitness room was the best i 've ever seen in a hotel .
a bit burnt , but still good .
this place was even drive through and it was amazing .
plus , the place looked cheap and not that clean .
table is constantly served with fresh , thin slices of pita .
eggs were perfect ham was moist .
the wax job was horrible .
service is excellent .
the community is quiet .
like being back home .
ugh , avoid this place .
i highly recommend it !
plus the atmosphere is very cool and trendy .
liked this place !
they do not respect our flag !
great atmosphere and wonderful staff !
i really come here for the great location and unique building .
so do n't waste your time going here !
eh , fairly small store .
the security staff is pretty awesome as well as the bartenders .
zero stars not accepted , sadly as that is , my rating .
the hosts are always thoughtful about where they seat guests .
the owner of this water and ice is our absolute favorite .
the guys here are great !
had not been back for _num_ years and now i know why !
why on earth would n't a manager let customers know _num_ minutes before close ?
i think the biggest disappointment was the service .
savory , salty , sweet , delicious !
service has always been great , by the way .
we really could n't eat much of it at all .
but alas , even here the restaurant i loved the most was sorely disappointing .
it 's super good .
the slaw was terrible and was just plain cabbage .
everyone that works there are very helpful and kind !
the flavor is somehow bold and bland at the same time .
nice and dark .
my favorite restaurant in the entire world .
this is my wife 's favorite place to eat in scottsdale .
i love this place .
hardly any flavor to them and very little sugar coating on the outside .
tofu burnt and dry .
also , the two women that work the counter are friendly and sexy .
i enjoyed sitting outside .
great bike shop !
ok , i 've only been once .
i would give this place less than _num_ star if it were possible .
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i was excited to find another inexpensive mexican restaurant close to where i live .
enjoyed talking with him .
had very nice experience with take out .
fairly terrible experience .
any delivery driver from this location , speak to your manger .
the cost was very reasonable and their work is top notch .
he replied that regardless , i parked walked inside and then walked out .
needless to say my friends and i took our money elsewhere for the evening .
but ... $ _num_ for a margarita at lunch time ?
she is funny and has a magical way with color .
salsa is homemade and so good .
everyone there is super friendly .
yes please !
it took me a month to get back here .
these guys are great !
you 're wasting my time .
i came to have my teeth worked on , not see a show .
too bad cause we 're locals who love mexican food .
mindy is my favorite for a good hair cut .
our waiter was nice and attentive .
cool spot and good , but it did n't knock my socks off .
service is attentive , prompt , and pleasant .
star _num_ : how were the portions relative to the cost ?
they have a great customer service .
overpriced menu and they wonder why it is half empty on a friday night !
not even a full day .
called and made an appointment to get my tire repaired .
the cake had a great flavor and texture .
the service here was great .
great selection .
makes me a happy girl !
ok their pizza and wine is good too .
good service , decent drink specials during happy hour , and great sushi !
but good sandwiches .
the nachos here , were made with more gourmet ingredients .
i order them well done and they are moist yet crispy .
for unlimited bowling for only _num_ hours .
`` banana muffin '' was vanilla cream cupcake ?
intimate restaurant , great for a date or a group .
love love love this place !
server was not friendly , french toast was dry bread inside .
it just looks a little run down .
i highly recommend this shop , huge selections of different things .
it was juicy and savory !
save your _num_ hours and money .
_num_ people standing doing nothing while one person makes drinks .
the pho is super bland !
there are plenty of tvs and the food is awesome .
sadly i think even pei wei has more flavor .
exactly what i had specifically asked her not to use .
thank you for encouraging us to give this location another try !
the others , all kind of weird .
there was obviously an issue that needed to be fixed .
the best bar in the valley to see live music .
terrible !
other than that - we love this place and will keep going back .
what a great event .
the service is great and extremely quick .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !
gross .
wifi is fast and reliable too .
nonetheless , i would n't recommend this place to friends .
i 've lived here _num_ weeks and it 's appalling to live here .
omg do n't waste your time .
great times !
very nice establishment !
hated it !
highly recommend this resort .
the live entertainment was a great plus too .
i love the hummus from here !
i tried the chicken , carnitas , and carne asada burritos .
this store is my favorite !
portions are great .
great local tap and bottle selection .
not impressed .
decent food , we had very good service .
that too was very good .
perfect pricing for the quality & quantity .
the food was excellent .
if you pay more then $ _num_ you will be disappointed .
price is right .
the restaurant is not that crowded and does not look understaffed .
great location within walking distance to many restaurants .
some of us prefer to use that because the staff stinks .
why would you eat this garbage ?
ordering was easy and smooth .
jade palace in north scottsdale is our favorite chinese food in town .
drinks : watered down margaritas .
the big problem was the waiter and waitress .
i told them that this was not possible .
i love this place .
plus it 's in a nice area and the decor is pleasant .
it 's not even worth the nostalgia .
this was not like her .
excellent food and service !
last night _num_ of my girlfriends and i had dinner here .
dr. price is great !
each room is unique , quiet and well detailed .
their prices are very reasonable as well .
whole family finds what they like and the burgers are fantastic .
was such an amazing time .
prices reasonable .
i will not be bringing my business back here .
my drink was n't bad .
the tortillas are paper thin and have zero flavor .
very loud atmosphere .
thank you so much guys for everything .
went there last saturday and waited _num_ minutes in line at the drive through .
jessica kept us well informed throughout the process .
it was n't super flavorful and i felt it was a bit too greasy .
i am not sure they know what they were talking about .
breakfast , lunch or dinner , you picked a winner with this place !
well , this place is now under new ownership .
a friend asked me about this review , almost a year later .
they did an awesome job and were timely as well !
he was very attentive and he always made sure our drinks were full .
my hair looks perfect , lauren did an amazing job as always !
an hour wait at 8:30 on a monday night ?
the food was completely bland .
the staff members i 've interacted with have been pleasant .
the office staff at this office is absolutely horrible .
yes alexis is awesome .
so not good .
as the host they made me look good and i love looking good .
maybe this is n't `` your '' kind of establishment '' .
is this place even legit cause you can only pay cash of $ _num_ ?
the guys were really nice and quick .
are n't they all pretty much the same layout with relatively similar menus .
try something new instead of the old burger joint , you will love it !
i would n't recommend doing their online education program .
love bob 's bike shop !
there are a lot of picture opportunities .
a few days later , i 'm hearing the same noise .
it was memorial day weekend and the staff was on their toes .
i was ignored by the bartenders and other staff members .
disgusting !
good food , a bit pricey .
liked the set up and had a good vibe .
sort of an older crowd when i was there .
best !
the people who working there are super nice !
our waiter jim was great !
of course they have n't gotten back back to me .
be bold .
i enjoyed my stay at the hotel .
keep it up joes , thanks for restoring hope for ny pizza out here .
i highly recommend them !
service and quality of food was consistently high each time .
what i 've been able to eat so far is amazing .
the food sucked and the waiter was rude !
the staff is friendly and the pizza is delicious .
this is no longer the case .
not going back .
the home made sausages are wonderful .
the pie for desert was okay .
or for free , out of a trash bin .
oh so so so good !
keep it up !
will definitely return !
you get what you pay for as they 're stuffed full of delicious ingredients .
hard to cut with a sharp knife and hard to chew up .
first time in the city and this place has amazing kabobs .
very good selection , and fast service .
i hope they always stay in business .
the rice options are all very good .
waitress seemed annoyed , disinterested , and fake .
the wonderful smell brought us in .
we would have been better off with a lunch at one of the casinos .
the staff there were unbelievably kind and thoughtful .
that is , if you also like rude people .
not anymore .
berry berry nice !
top notch margaritas , excellent green chile options , salads , burgers .
food was great !
they quickly left .
they deserve no one 's business .
everything was fantastic and the server was very informative and helpful .
highly recommend .
and for that i wish i could give it a zero !
they have definitely upgraded this location since the last time i was here .
i pay the dude and the gal starts making my salad .
all in all a great experience .
we tried pepperoni and one with chicken it 's probably cafeteria quality .
well at least if you have good company ; ) .
beautifully maintained and more than reasonably priced .
husband had the pork burrito with red sauce .
seemed like a typical hole in the wall cheap sports bar .
not a big deal , i understood this would happen .
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .
thanks nick !
they also make the best margaritas i have ever had .
avoid whenever possible .
great atmosphere , great people , and the bartenders are amazing !
oh and do n't forget the tiramisu ... what the heck ... just terrible !
filet ) was succulent and perfectly cooked at medium rare .
food is always great , service is usually great as well .
keep up the great work .
the roast beef sandwich was too fatty and the au jus was too salty .
i will continue to buy from these guys , could n't be happier !
you get an annoying fax machine sound .
love this place !
delicious !
just finished a great dinner at cowboy ciao .
just drive down the street to dobson ranch .
do n't go on a holiday weekend !
i was very disappointed with the clinic .
great customer service !
do not waste your time with this vet !
the place is very nicely laid out and extremely comfortable .
those guys were great .
unfortunately by the time i found out i was miles away .
i highly recommend this office .
great people make great flower arrangements !
i liked my meal .
i ordered it here about _num_ years ago , it was better that night .
beautiful inside .
the anniversary sale is right around the corner and i can not wait .
good job !
who knows , it might have been .
we thoroughly enjoyed the dining experience .
we asked for both with no sour cream .
wish i did n't have to give even one star !
it is served with a warm croissant and the garlic dressing is the best .
my sausage and hashbrowns were cold .
highly recommended from an out of town first timer .
it 's clean and has a wide variety of equipment .
their customer service skills are worse than mcdonalds employees .
alan is the best !
the dining room downstairs is nice also .
way to go mark kia , your bs ways just lost you _num_ grand .
the customer service was great .
so pleased , this will be our salon home .
the show was great .
i 've gotten several compliments on my gorgeous nails !
the service was fine , but the food was just so bad .
what 's wrong with it , i drove this whole way .
tonight just really ruined it for me .
i ordered a _num_ dollar sandwich and was charged _num_ .
i love this place .
i will not go back .
he works so fast also !
the food is just as delicious as their tortillas .
it was kind of awkward , actually .
first dive bar i have truly enjoyed since moving to phoenix .
all this was our cue to leave .
scottsdale at its best !
however , this experience went pretty smooth .
the service was friendly and efficient and kept the drinks filled .
they made the experience that much more memorable .
food was good , served in large portions .
i got there and it was not done !
life is too short to eat crap .
definitely better than your average bar food here .
knew what he was doing , great customer service .
it 's also very clean and organized .
this is a terrible college .
i enjoyed the greek combo immensely !
it 's clean and their daily specials menu is always unique and delicious .
portions are a good size , and overall well made .
i was so disappointed .
so happy they deliver to our home !
very , very nice course .
how simple and easy is that !
should they not have checked before they gave me the car back ?
it was extremely over priced and the sushi was nothing to get excited about .
avoid it at all costs !
the food is good .
wish there was n't a fence in front of stage .
this school is terrible !
definetely worth the ride ( we live on the west valley ) .
best subway ever !
our minimum drink tab was more expensive than the ticket .
love this place !
food quality began to suffer as recipes and ingredients were changed .
this is one of my favorite if not favorite happy hour spots .
great lunch .
its one of those places i spoke about .
the waiter at the spa pool on the other hand was a jerk .
the waitress did the best she can because it was very busy .
such a beautiful place .
there is too much of a stuffy corporate feel here to have any fun .
has gone completely down hill to the point where they are extremely rude .
the best salon in town !
americanized chinese food that is overwhelmingly average .
what a waste of our morning .
good beer and wine selection .
morgan and wendy are the best bartenders in town .
we were very happy with our choice , and would recomend it to anyone .
oh , yes , and the chocolate here is amazing !
we sold it for full list price , $ _num_ .
enjoyed yet another visit to the coach house !
both were delicious .
thanks for the pizza guys !
worst mistake i have made in a long time .
it is definitely worth the drive for me to save so much money .
the service was amazing !
i highly recommend becky !
i would recommend ... ... hang on ... ... are you ready for this ?
friendly server and yummy options for breakfast !
outback has always had great steaks , great service for a decent price .
the salon is always clean and has a positive atmosphere .
wait staff did n't seem interested when taking our order .
i love this place !
over all its a good value .
this is the spot for a good time !
thank you !
excellent pizza , pasta , salad , wine , and service .
we started off with the bruschetta and it was different but delicious .
best eggroll in town !
cooked to perfection , with an impeccable peppercorn sauce .
this location has plenty of parking and lots of seats too .
we will not be back .
defalco 's has the honor to be my first favorite sandwich shop .
oh my gosh , i was so pleasantly stunned .
she has tried following up via email & phone without a response .
i love these girls ( and my hair ! )
really good chips and salsa and good food .
the location is perfect .
i do recommend reservations !
very bad experience !
very best pizza in town and likely most inexpensive in town during happy hour .
best soup and sandwich in the valley !
the place smelled like garbage ... i am not kidding .
food is mediocre at best .
i wish there was a negative star because that 's all this company deserves .
their supreme breakfast burrito is the best ive ever tasted !
no silverware in the bag .
horrible customer service at the front desk .
i know i 'm being hard on this place .
i love mexican food & i shall be back !
i ca n't say enough good things about this place !
everything is good !
was excited to try it .
food was awful .
s scottsdale to get take out .
this place is great .
the rice was old and tasteless .
later on the original waiter came and said he 'd help us out .
after waiting 10-15 minutes to hear the news , he offered a dinner salad .
i also love the super thin noodles they use .
horrible service !
certainly not grilled ; watery .
as it stands , it 's only ok at best .
the service spectacular .
great place for authentic italian food .
so much fun !
gm wo n't even return calls !
my steak was almost rare , i asked for med well .
excellent food selections and helpful staff .
and the lobster tails were the same tiny size as my mothers .
classic italian restaurant !
no more .
typical p f changs quality food and good service .
this chicken is among the best fried bird i have ever tasted .
happy shopping !
most slides were simple and boring .
food was excellent and prices were very reasonable .
intimate , friendly and in no way intimidating .
i love ordering food from here !
if that 's your thing , this is your place .
great experience here .
best thai soup i have had !
love it and you will too !
also they pay little to nothing for clothes .
staff was very friendly and helpful for ordering as well !
enormous calzones , really great pizza , thin flavorful crust , tasty sauce .
my gf got the wings , and she loved them too .
water boiled bagels and amazing variations .
the person at serrano 's told me the price was _num_ !
i would recommend looking around outside of the islands community .
wait staff was very friendly on on top of everything .
great sales .
persian ( rose water ) ice cream with baklava is my personal favorite !
a good old fashioned cheeseburger and friendly staff .
they love him and his care for them is apparent .
they saved the day !
then he walked out .
if you have not been there , it is a must see .
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .
it gets busy and the service is horribly slow .
they are very professional and willing to work with your individual needs .
eventually , our drinks ran out - me and bbq ?
unacceptable !
meatballs were the best i ever had !
the people do n't care !
i highly recommend this place to every local i discuss food with .
in old town it 's very well priced !
this is a wonderful store .
i 've had this feeling one too many times .
we could n't get out of there fast enough !
so happy to have found a new stylist .
drinks were weak .
this place is great !
i loved the mixed crowd and decor too .
i would definitely recommend this salon .
boring !
definitely worth checking out .
some of the best chips and salsa around .
and it was one of the best cakes i had ever eaten .
very bland .
spicy lobster roll was awesome .
called an hour later and nothing .
the food always comes out fast and hot !
_num_ ounces at most .
tried talking to manager and she just was not understanding us .
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .
but i was grateful and left it at that .
a complete waste of money .
we always bring our out of town friends to check this place out .
regular drinks are $ _num_ off , but use great spirits .
the manager is extremely helpful , he knows his pools and parts .
what an amazing place to have dinner after a round of golf .
i was just really disappointed in the quality of the food i received .
on the other hand , the food leaves much to be desired .
love this place !
love them !
the only decent thing we had were the curly fries .
um , no thanks .
one of my favorite spots !
advice to companies , answer your phone or return your calls .
lovely staff and a one service .
tipped the bartender _num_ % on our to go meal and waited forever !
make your own _num_ pack and bring it home if you want .
went to lunch here for the 1st time in a while .
great wings , delicious pizza and super friendly service !
the oatmeal we ordered had no taste .
thank you dodge electric .
i am surprised at how different my experience was now !
they recently remodeled and it looks great !
they were not wearing any hair hats and it was not sanitary .
just a total waste of time energy and money .
the cookies and brownies get _num_ stars on their own .
another $ _num_ bucks .
service is good !
the set of _num_ tires were over $ _num_ .
i wanted some type of local food and i found this place with yelp .
love love love !
incredibly friendly , very hospitable , and absolutely professional .
so he would n't fix it .
i called the manager twice and left messages but no response .
on my 5th laser appointment , i got burnt .
my wife drove off without letting these thieves touch her car .
blown .
`` i do n't have to pick up the keg ! ''
with no care in the world !
i love this place and ca n't get enough .
it was getting so late on a saturday night that i almost fell asleep .
i was very disappointed with the quality & service .
good service , cox .
still had lots of fun watching spring training games here .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .
the brick oven keeps the restaurant warm and smelling delicious .
i loved it .
ugh .
they also do free tire checks and will maintain the air pressure for you .
always great !
the bartender got a $ _num_ tip .
the owner is amazing and takes care of everyone that comes in .
he did n't seem to care for his job .
i walked the store twice .
freaking awesome experience !
juan is great .
it was a perfect dining experience from start to finish .
i was talked down to in a way and really not taken very seriously .
the indoor area is clean with tvs and shit .
the chef , his food and his staff are a perfect combination .
everything on thier menu is phenomenal .
i also had the bruschetta trio and it was also good .
stay away & do n't waste your money !
doubt if we will ever return to this restaurant again .
food is great -they have local music .
been there multiple times for massages .
the staff was very friendly and the food was good .
the soups were horrible and smelled bad .
we were a party of _num_ on sunday night at 5:00 .
it 's true !
i tried two appetizers - both were not good and both overpriced .
then it grew to _num_ customers and one waitress .
avoid this store at all costs .
i agree with other posts that the starter was rude .
you could do worse , but you could also do a lot better .
i have been here three times and all three have been great experiences !
it 's away from the clubs and bars .
the associates are always friendly , knowledgeable , and very helpful .
two of us had margaritas and they were very good too !
these guys are top notch .
love this place !
a bowl of soup , veggie platter , margherita and guacamole cost $ _num_ .
talk about great customers service !
our appetizer came out only moments before our food .
do n't move here even if it 's free .
iceberg lettuce ?
the rancho pinot grill is outstanding .
i miss you , uncle sal 's , but not that much .
it was horrible .
here take your $ _num_ back !
not cool .
it 's hard to explain what it was like being there .
not a word out of her .
he really went above and beyond any expectations that we would have ever had .
do not support businesses that do not understand customer service .
bad service and nasty food .
very cozy place with seemingly nice people .
_num_ seconds later they start telling him they 'll get more from the back .
the sausage was served on a separate plate all alone .
but i do n't see much hope for their future .
minestrone soup was mediocre .
we have been here _num_ times , and each time we are more impressed !
the owners are so cheap they never turn the ac on .
talk about amazing customer service !
very nice place in old scottsdale .
yet i 've had _num_ times better chinese food around the same price .
i really do n't like this particular kona grill .
it 's pretty hard to pick a glass or bottle .
my vision has never been anywhere near this good !
a total asset to have working for you .
josh was absolutely great .
this little place was great !
the service is always good .
he walked _num_ miles the other day .
your health matters and should be thoroughly explained .
my fajitas were a salty , oily pile of onions & peppers .
no garnish .
the fish is very fresh and reasonably priced .
the food was ok , nothing special .
however , i just had to drop a class because of their slow service .
when did the name change ?
perfect spot for anyone who loves sports and great food .
i will not be going back .
rotisserie chicken is excellent !
we really enjoyed the old town tortilla factory .
just to tell everyone how amazing this place was !
do n't waste your time or money at this place .
this place made my stomach flip !
or , maybe it 's good that we do n't live closer .
we will definitely be back again !
reasonable price tickets and a delightful show .
we recently chose this restaurant to celebrate a birthday .
by far my favorite antique store in chandler !
guy at the counter was nice , only plus .
if you 're visiting scottsdale , this place is a must chill out at !
service is very quick and friendly .
this means that over _num_ % of the carpet was covered by furniture .
my wife and i love this place .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !
you should 've taken a picture .
my advice is to only go here for dessert .
thanks for making me look good paradise valley florist !
i 'll definitely be back !
look , it 's cheap .
i will not be returning .
not sure why they do n't turn on the ac .
i really love this baby boutique !
_num_ minutes later we get a small salad with dressing on .
they want money ... you got money ... enough said .
great food !
it 's absolutely _num_ % fantastic and a great experience in every way .
the bread was frozen bread , the soup tasted like out of a can .
soo good !
both vets ( dad and son ) are amazing with great puppy side manner .
the staff here are wonderful .
she is an incredible pro .
her feeling were hurt and she left the restaurant crying .
i highly recommend this place and ca n't wait to go back !
each time i was disappointed .
great customer service and very knowledgeable .
great marriott property conveniently located within walking distance from lots of restaurants and bars .
this is a perfect place for lunch .
the customer service is really great here .
it is n't that cheap but it 's worth it .
i found tottie 's by doing a search for best asian food in scottsdale .
the food is good standard italian with attentive service .
the fish was definitely fresh and fried to perfection .
awesome !
is this guy insane ?
they also said that it was n't their fault , blah blah .
the best persian food i 've ever tried .
if i return , i think i might go during the day .
the patio area is really cool !
this is where things get interesting .
my friends tried different ones and were happy with the price and variety .
the cannoli shell was crisp & fresh and filling was smooth light .
always a pleasure doing business with them .
it is consistantly awesome , i promise .
keep up the great work !
probably about the worst bloody mary i have ever had in my life !
rude bartender .
was defensive and blamed me for complaining !
the young one and i headed north for some grub .
she did n't care .
it was delicious !
easily the best `` mexican '' food i 've ever had .
certainly worth a try if you have n't been .
its family friendly and has a small outside area for dining too .
i would n't recommend this place .
it was very clean .
thank you !
i truly appreciate your help and understanding .
my insurance fully covers all routine visits ( cleaning , basic x-rays ) .
get a clue ?
they also have a ton of things for decorating your pad .
very friendly owners .
from the start , nothing i was told was what actually happened .
she said it was so delicious and filling she had it for lunch .
will always recommend this place to people .
oh and dessert so many choices !
yep , this was great pizza .
that was enough to get our party of five to get up and leave .
phil tells it like it is .
i love it toasted with a little butter , or even as a sandwich .
love this place .
i 've probably spent a few hundred dollars there previously this year .
the view from my front door is literally a pile of garbage .
great breakfast place located in old town scottsdale .
that place is disgusting anyways .
this pizza just saved my life !
it was completely bland .
called the front desk , explained our problems and requested a new room .
walked in tonight hoping for sushi dinner for two .
pizza was excellent with a very crunchy and flavorful crust .
service was very friendly and timely .
everything is made fresh to order .
we got thrown out of the restaurant .
the staff are friendly .
we were sooooo disappointed .
these guys are awesome !
why waste my time and money here ?
no more bark avenue for me .
brilliant , and possibly my second favorite breakfast place in scottsdale now .
thanks again !
went into ra to grab a drink with a few friends .
a great museum to visit .
it was n't cold at all and definitely was n't worth the money .
but it ' really big on service and excellent adult beverages .
she was patient and knowledgeable and overall awesome !
i loved the location and the food .
the garlic fries were n't much better .
the pizza was cheap and tasted pretty good .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )
: ) awesome service !
this quaint produce market is a gem .
excellent customer service .
maybe a bad day , but still unacceptable .
the chocolate desert was good .
i usually take the food to go ... ... .
i would skip this and spend my money in the casino .
i was completely impressed with the entire business .
i highly reccomend checking new tokyo out !
it 's the best prices and selection of produce .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .
also , the owner andrew , is super great .
this place is pretty disgusting .
the owner has been difficult from day one promising to pay me cod .
simple tasty food , and good german beer .
lunch or dinner is great - casual .
the bartenders and other staff are great .
it 's my absolute favorite lunch spot !
i wanted to like this place , i really did .
our first visit to the roaring fork , and an amazing experience and food .
i do not think we will be visiting this restaurant again anytime soon .
three of us with a groupon certificate for $ _num_ visited your restaurant .
went here last night with the grandparents and feel compelled to write a review .
i can most definitely say i will be a continuing customer .
if you have require hospital care this is the one to go to !
hands down best mimosas due to the temperature and the fresh squeezed oj .
there were literally _num_ pieces of ravioli on one plate .
but definitely not worth it for old coffee and stale probably store bought tiramisu .
great food , friendly , helpful staff .
awesome variety of flavors .
my patient 's needs will be met by someone else .
it 's a whole lot of goodness .
awesome customer service friendly knowledgeable staff !
this restaurant is extremely poorly managed -- - double charge ?
i pulled out the tacos and they were full of grease .
absolutely delicious and service was excellent !
they have the nicest staff and i have seen the manager couple of times .
this is n't the friendliest place in town .
service was very rude and their salads are not worth the price .
the owner looked at me and told me there was nothing to do .
everything we have ordered has been fresh and delicious .
they did an excellent job .
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .
i was impressed for the most part .
the facial itself was fine but way too short .
if not , we ca n't help you . ''
typical denny 's , but the service is exceptional .
great selection .
the dining room needs a major overhaul .
their salads come on a super cold plate with very fresh ingredients .
i love finding new places to eat that are fun like this !
the menu is really good and authentic .
the eggroll was pretty mushy inside , maybe sat around too much .
not sure why this place is still in business .
this is my very favorite mexican food restaurant and it 's so close .
_num_ 1/2 stars easily !
oddly , combined with how good the food is , it is quite charming .
highly recommended !
rancho pinot is first class dining experience .
_num_ weeks later i called and he said he had n't gotten to it .
at this moment , i am very frustrated with this business .
it is small and cozy and the staff is excellent .
the wings were well ... mediocre .
this seems to be a good range with a lot to offer .
me : what the hell would that have done ?
seriously the best .
would definitely not recommend .
does n't get my biscuit or my soda .
the quality of the customer service and food were outstanding .
nice atmosphere .
sometimes it 's perfect ... not always .
also the selection of traditional beverages was very tasty and interesting .
outstanding service .
the taco was n't the best , but their beans are amazing .
wow !
he referred me to a very expensive specialist to fix it .
the green flannel is my favorite breakfast item .
this quaint little place is a gem in old town scottsdale .
kind and caring and her staff was very pleasant .
my bad for ordering something they did not stock .
this is hands down the best place for gyros in town .
their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place .
love it !
food was disappointing and so was the service .
awesome food , great karaoke environment awesome place .
not that she needed any more alcohol , but it was fun .
by far the best meal we have had yet !
what a great bar .
very disappointing greek salad .
the garlic bread was bland and cold .
they are both a little piece of heaven in your mouth .
needless to say , we will not be going back to this location .
their prices are very reasonable .
clean , quiet , and prompt service .
meat tastes like straight asshole !
this is a scottsdale treasure to be savor end and enjoyed .
my side was dill potato salad and it tasted old and sour .
bye bye , brownie .
i will definitely be back next year to see lisa !
this review is not related to the food , weird i know .
thanks jj and impact auto body team !
the only reason they get a _num_ is because the food was packaged nicely .
good local mexican spot in mesa .
the food is bland and over priced .
too bad it seems like the place is not cared for .
i 've had the omelettes there too -- absolutely wonderful .
there are a ton of seats , lounge chairs , and picnic tables .
you can count on them .
awesome music .
we had absolutely excellent service here !
the wait staff is amazing .
they have good deals on bowling and shoe rental .
eat at joe 's !
however , i am a food snob .
brett was professional and friendly .
how wrong i was .
he 's terrific .
this used to be pretty good , now , not so much .
i love this place !
this was the worst new mexican food and margaritas we ever had !
the pizza here is excellent !
staff is nice , salon is cute , prices are fair .
i went there for my moms birthday , and we brought a coupon .
happy hour prices are some of the best around , and the food ... .
great dentist , very professional and patient , his staff is courteous and welcoming .
these guys were great !
the service was good .
from beginning to the end he makes sure everything is going correctly .
i work close by and a friend recommended them .
this place is great .
dr. chow and staff are very friendly , professional and efficient .
the service was slow .
all around great experience .
besides the good deal , our stay was just perfect .
good overall .
great customer service .
how do i love thee , let me count the ways .
it 's the perfect spice levels .
very rude !
cool , huh ?
he made absolutely no sense .
great place for sitting on back patio so beautiful !
their drinks are wonderful .
great work and very honest !
love love love love this place !
i called them three times and they said they never received the check .
this place was horrible .
there is only one barber and he needs a haircut himself .
the pancakes were terrible as far as i am concerned .
i will definitely come back to this location .
our water glasses were filled though because the busser was amazing .
it is a great dive and has all the highlights of one .
advertise and deliver correctly .
service was great .
do n't repeat my mistake .
great local bar .
she was on time and very friendly .
came here for coffee during the cars & coffee event .
this place honestly does n't understand the concept of service .
dr. danielle was super nice and very informative .
these guys are truly amazing .
one looked like he might be the manager , but i 'm not sure .
full disclosure though , not a beer fan in the first place .
they truly make me feel like family .
ok , really ?
there were _num_ other tables in there .
i 've had a couple bad experiences .
took my boyfriend here on a tuesday for his birthday .
great care .
that is a good thing , right ?
definitely go here to support a small local business !
keep up the good work guys !
these guys should not be in business .
and paid about $ _num_ less .
get over yourself .
the more i go here , the more i hate this venue .
food is wonderful , and atmosphere is homey and inviting !
unfortunately , it was n't that easy .
this place has a one of the nicest patios around .
a guy can out and looked confused as to why i was there .
they were completely personal and answered all of my questions .
green chile chimis are fantastic .
it really makes the entire experience go downhill .
they are charging me _num_ in fees for their fuck up !
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .
this place is a ripoff .
we asked how long the wait was and he estimated maybe _num_ minutes .
clean , but super slow .
he takes his time with each patient and always offers the best advice .
i highly recommend the mini chimichangas with a huge soda .
great restaurant .
this place was great .
no apology and not even an excuse .
always willing to go above and beyond !
every time i went there would be all new hygienists and staff .
was not a good example of the country inn and suite standard .
went there with a group of probably around _num_ people saturday night .
the food is consistently good .
clearly , she 's versatile .
nice place to stop by before heading to the clubs .
i 'm coming back and bringing all my friends and family .
enjoy !
sounds so hard to screw up right ?
overall happy with the experience and was able to get the watch i wanted .
everyone i dealt with was knowledgeable , professional , and personable .
it tasted like leftover food and had very little flavor .
usually very good for thai .
nothing wowed me .
the bartenders are awesome and the bathrooms are clean .
highly recommend it .
if this had been our first visit , we would not return .
ribs were a huge hit .
bring your id because they check at the door .
note : this review only includes a review of my entree .
carpet was surprisingly dirty .
highly recommend .
* ) outside hallways with no path to lobby .
i was very pleased .
the food is delicious and fresh !
a very sweet couple run this restaurant , but go there for the food .
hiro sushi is my new go-to .
however , the spa left much to be desired .
i would n't go back nor would i recommend this place !
this is an example of good customer service .
i recommend highly !
also a fan of their garlic bread .
the great thing was that i had enough for the lunch the next day !
if you like thai , this is the best in the area .
been to a lot of others places but this is the best .
our waiter was fantastic ( not stuffy ) and the food impeccable .
she is friendly to everyone , very knowledgeable and really on top of it !
very quick and polite service .
i would have left a decent tip any way because the service was fine .
service was very friendly and welcoming .
the food is fresh and fast .
the food was really bad , it was just thrown together .
thank you !
great price and simple sandwiches .
we also got a bottle of yellow tail merlot @ ~ $ _num_ .
everyone we encountered was awesome , so nice , and talkative !
i finally see it .
this is not what you call service .
this is fast and super convenient !
we both had caesar salads which we very good .
everything i ordered was cooked to perfection and full of flavor .
the tub were lined with plastic and they opened a new package of tools .
the staff is always very friendly !
i just prefer to have what i like !
i decided on the carne asada and it was fantastic .
i highly recommend him !
starting with the chips and salsa , they were both fresh and tasty .
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .
it is a old style burger joint that i will continue to visit .
please , oh please , open one up in southern california !
she 's so helpful !
atmosphere wonderful !
you 're welcome .
food very good .
dr. lee is the best doc .
the burger was cold , fries lukewarm .
one star dinner - i wish i could give this a higher rating .
the only good thing was the bed !
very good food and service .
i love beer !
their sashimi is great .
so easy to work with !
not only is the work superior , the detailing of my car was outstanding .
i also got the diablo red with mock chicken and brown rice .
literally do n't expect them to be in business much longer .
the sushi was drowning in eel sauce , all over my plate .
was empty but the dont care .
their staff is efficient , friendly , and accomodating .
but can it really be bad ?
highly recommend .
yep , the `` big ass '' burger lived up to its name .
they do great work and the name says it all .
this is the theater i spent my teenage years in .
lots of _num_ pound indian women looking for a man .
super fresh salsa .
it has such an elegant vibe .
towels smelled bad .
i do n't know , but i remember outback being better .
i think this manager is very sour about his life .
keep up the good work !
the scenery surrounding the place is honestly breathe taking .
the prices are ridiculous !
unfortunately , the owner does not carry these same qualities .
consistent clean car wash , good customer service .
the paella , was hardly a paella .
it did n't seem that bad when we walked onto the patio .
so creamy and so crispy .
truly fantastic and very authentic !
the service was super quick and really friendly , to boot .
wow !
all i can say is wow !
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
great chicken fried steak !
i 've lived here for a year with my boyfriend .
greek food that is tasty in large servings .
she loved all of the action .
awesome brownies !
apparently _num_ is n't the age to start working .
needless to say , i will never go back here again .
the reasonable rates make it a great value .
thank you !
the buffalo wings were tasty , but my steak was dry and tough .
unfortunately , i came for food and not the ambiance .
moist and tender inside .
the maintenance is a joke .
thai crunch salad !
monkey pancakes and yes the jalapeno pecan pancakes are both outstanding .
i love this salon .
it 's not worth the money , drive or time .
they really do treat eat pet as family .
i did n't want to write if it was something i had done wrong .
she was very nice and friendly too .
also , the prices had increased a couple dollars per pizza since last time .
i do not want to come back here .
so happy !
the food is always good and the staff friendly .
are these people dumb ?
so glad i found it .
i have had the `` kazimierz '' shot though and i it 's tasty .
the dining area looked updated and clean .
the service was super .
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .
literally the most amazing concoction ever .
one of my favorite places and i will be back !
service is always , always good .
such a disappointment .
great customer service !
they were really friendly and really knowledgeable .
she did n't even ask if we wanted regular -- just assumed .
tourist trap feeling .
the happy hour prices are always reasonable and the drinks never disappoint .
the food tastes very well like other people reviewed .
why do i even bother with lowes ?
cute little nail salon for a girls day out .
over all , a nice experience .
rather they charge you double for this luxury .
very greasy and very sad .
way to go vs for hiring one incredible employee .
thank you so much adobe five-star all the way !
second problem , thin walls !
first appointment i went with contacts that just did not work for me .
carlsbad is one of my favorite neighborhood hang outs .
it was not removed like i asked .
we arrived to our backyard reception from the venue to find an incredible setup .
they are spacious with modest decor .
the bartender also mixed perfect drinks all around .
thank you , shawn , for the great cuts !
she yelled at my daughter saying only _num_ coupons per household .
i 've never walked out on a meal until eating at the grill .
the people were nice and everything is right up front , no surprises .
every procedure and operation was fully explained and successful .
slow , and will say it again slow .
it was so bitter .
what a rip-off !
i recently brought my car to them and explained my problems and concerns .
the staff was so rude to us .
_num_ pool is kind of small .
absolutely not acceptable .
horrible service !
we 've gotten their food a few times now and it 's not bad .
the place is just a great value for all american food .
both were delicious .
we ordered two more entrees , the steak which was excellent .
and after a few bites i realized the dough was still raw .
i will definitely keep coming back .
you 'll love it !
this was a bad experience .
when the pizza finally came out , it was over cooked and wasnt great .
great place to take out of town guests .
i spend approximately $ _num_ per month on dry cleaning .
morris is a great guy to work with !
was n't that crowded .
much worse .
it just looked kinda strange and the fish was n't all that fresh .
i 've returned a couple times and each cake has been just as good .
the food was tasty and good portion .
it was good .
food was terrible .
unfortunately this pizza hut was our favorite ... and i stress `` was '' !
not me .
there were two servers that i saw in the half hour i was waiting .
fridays & weekends , open for lunch .
there is just no way i will return .
amazing sushi !
very friendly and helpful staff did whatever it took to make things work .
give them a try once and you will be the same way .
very unprofessional , i do not recommend this place .
i will definitely be coming back here .
good !
their food and service is amazing !
very honest .
i did n't feel pressured to buy and it was lots of fun !
the best korean soup around ... i love this place .
absolutely loved the chopped salad and the grilled shrimp over corn salsa .
the bread was possibly the best i have ever had .
service was great too !
i ordered a glass of dessert wine that compliments chocolate .
this is the 3rd place we have used to board our dog .
wishing i had just skipped this place altogether .
the entire process is friendly and professional .
was there for mother 's day last night and still great food !
the pork and swordfish are amazing .
they are way over priced .
best ribs i 've ever had and i lived in texas for _num_ years .
it was perfect , we loved it , and we loved michele !
my husband says i need to yelp on my own time !
so relaxed !
service was n't that great either .
i would highly recommend pinnacle peak eye care !
lost my business .
great happy hour !
it is a smaller location , true .
main pool got crowded during day , so i moved to smaller oasis pool .
i highly recommend this office and their staff .
wow ... .
i would come get my hawaiian shaved ice from here all of the time .
they 're just not extremely kind or knowledgeable .
if i could change the name i would call it my mother 's closet .
if they see you , they offer their assistance : ) keep it up !
food was very good with ample serving size .
it is such a pleasure to come here every time .
the views are spectacular !
i also came into the restaurant _num_ minutes before close .
it 's pricey , but well worth it .
it 's like licking a salt lick ... .
there is no where inside for people to sit while waiting for a table .
been going here since we moved here from chicago in the _num_ 's .
the samosas consumed , we sat , and sat some more .
but , let me start with some positives .
the oriental girl that works here is super rude .
pretty great place , authentic mexican food .
but it was disgusting and hot in there .
well , if the shoe fits ... they were awful .
on the positive side , the lettuce was green and was as expected .
horrible the worst service .
they do n't deserve a star !
when i arrived at the store , i explained what had happened .
i ordered the tuna salad which was better than expected .
but she will run off half the wonderful employees and all the regular customers .
tables all around us were being served but not us .
an absolute beautiful salon located in downtown mesa but sooooo worth the drive !
i still think it 's worth a trip .
f this place !
this was the most embarrassing , disgusting night i 've had at a restaurant .
i guess she has a money tree .
dinner and entertainment .
the whole place has unique and inviting ambiance .
it looked like the food was n't prepared correctly .
this place is a keeper and the price was very reasonable .
best bean and cheese burrito i 've ever had .
we sat down , and gave our drink order to the asking server .
staff was really nice .
it somehow tasted stale and musty .
is there a negative star option ?
the receptionists always recognize him and greet him with smiles .
# _num_ ) so overpriced .
this place is magical and the food is awesome !
but you can not order _num_ wings with two different flavors at $ _num_ .
best baja style mexican food in az !
great stop on the way home !
famous dave 's is pretty good and rudy 's bbq just plain sucks .
very good meal !
it just got an update and it looks so shiny and new !
best wing i think in the valley .
thanks for the waist of my time , gas , and money fry 's .
other than that , the service is great , the food is awesome .
not a fan of the food but maybe i went on an off night .
great service .
too bad , this place is so close to where i live .
vegetables and house salad are always fresh and tasty !
do yourself a favor and check out santisi brothers .
this is a great relaxing spot to stop for breakfast .
good if you 're sitting upstairs .
reviews .
so many great beers to chose from , especially the orange blossom .
worth the trip !
absolutely love this place !
because they have great food !
there was no personality to our server .
very disappointing experience , we probably will not return .
was told it would be ready in _num_ minutes .
they did an excellent job and it was fast .
my car was all nice and clean and the work was fantastic !
bartender was a nice guy .
awesome and better than last year too .
it would be a negative _num_ .
i 'm not upset , i 'm just extremely disappointed .
i ordered the rib steak with asparagus and a makers mark on the rocks .
we stayed here _num_ days .
we 've eaten here several times and everything we 've tried has been excellent .
will absolutely return .
pad thai is also a must .
it 's a good place to go for a day .
i want to go back again real soon !
its clean and well respected and the dr 's have a great team .
the kids liked him .
i finally did and i was rewarded with a delicious variety .
i will come here again for sure .
i also ordered the caesar salad which was prepared perfectly .
it is very rude and inappropriate .
the atmosphere is quiet and inviting .
but i am sure i wo n't go back again .
make a reservation come & enjoy .
love the wings and pizza .
this is by far the best air conditioning people i 've ever encountered .
i would highly recommend !
ten minutes later , another couple was seated at the next table .
quite a surprise here in the valley .
from barry 's over the years and have always had a generally good experience .
the volcano salmon roll and dynamite roll are great .
our waiter , justin , was very friendly and helpful .
it was a great experience .
enjoy this treat !
nothing special .
this is my favorite mediterranean restaurant in phoenix .
airport burrito is a favorite .
i 'm pissed that my time was wasted .
super good !
a place to see and be seen !
i would say it smelled of urine or a dirty bathroom .
i 'm glad to see there are other negative reviews on here as well .
first off -- very dirty .
worst service we have ever experienced .
based on the previous yelp reviews i was expecting mediocre , at best .
r & k .
this place is simply the best !
worst chinese food i have ever had .
i will definitely make this my new breakfast spot .
strong kimchi and banchan game .
literally nothing here seemed clean .
if it used to be safe , why is n't it safe now ?
i will be back !
i love the pair i got from here .
service was great and server was informative .
decor was great very modern and classic but fancy .
`` i 'm sorry .
cheap drinks , cheap furnishings , cheap women ( whoa !
have n't had the coffee but the chai is exceptional .
wow !
the waiter acted like he could not be bothered with the complaint .
the atmosphere was great and the service was top notch and timely .
the food is delicious .
the staff has always been pretty unhelpful and sometimes very pushy with sales .
he shows genuine interest and concern for any issues you bring to his attention .
nerve to serve chicken with boxed potatos and canned beans .
completely excellent .
a nice , quiet atmosphere on the main drag with excellent service .
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .
i have ordered it a few times and disappointed each time .
_num_ weeks later they had n't even started on it .
their hot sauce is just like my families , spicy and flavorful , yum !
it 's dreadful and just pathetic .
the food was great , but the view was spectacular !
and their website says , `` arizona 's karaoke place . ''
fast service .
the carpet is beautiful & really high quality .
worth a try for sure .
there are simply better options around the city .
what a dump , bands if you ever read this do not play here .
yes , chicken was fried .
the smoothie itself was awful tasting .
you have n't actually done anything !
soup was salty , fish over cooked and waitress was horrible .
she is such a delight .
we ordered _num_ appetizers and a bottle of wine .
sad we did n't even get to try the food !
the pizza is incredible with a large topping selections .
well ... definitely my husbands .
plenty of games to play and tv 's to watch .
this place is awesome !
it was never cleaned up or treated in any way .
this is not the first time i have been disappointed in this store .
every time i call in my order they always get it wrong .
great customer service !
do n't feel the need to go back .
service was good and a cool little place to satisfy any sweet tooth .
would have not given any stars at all but that was not an option !
will be back !
but the fact that it was frozen makes me skeptical on going back again .
the brisket enchiladas are really good .
nice bar .
walked in and sat at the bar on a mellow sunday afternoon .
this place 's service sucks .
i really never see a price difference between them and other stores .
great food , big portions and nice price .
the courses are amazing .
the service here is awful !
fries were freshly cut and chicago style greasy goodness .
you guys are awesome .
food and service is always great .
would recommend this place to anyone visiting phoenix for the first time .
_num_ minutes later we arrive at the restaurant and it is a zoo .
i love this place , but i do wish they had food .
this review is for the _num_ star lunch buffet and the _num_ star service .
the drunken noodles ( ordered hot ) were amazing .
i highly recommend this company .
bagel nosh is our favorite local bagel place .
what a mess .
this place just was not very good .
way to go tempe improv as the joke was on us .
service is excellent .
stopped in earlier this week and enjoyed eating there .
the coffee is reasonably priced , but the food is too expensive .
if they do cancel they do not leave voicemail to cover their end .
i liked it , so i 'm giving it _num_ stars .
the staff was unfriendly to downright rude .
the food is incredibly bland .
our waiter mike did a fantastic job of staying on top of everything .
i was disappointed but decided to try someone else there .
wow !
love it !
the slices are huge and sooo delicious .
great place to go .
this italian deli is fantastic !
i am pretty disappointed in this church 's chicken location .
their french onion soup and new york strip steak are my two favorites .
the service is good .
i am happy and will return to give them my business !
the patio area was great place to enjoy the fine weather and food .
check it out , you 'll love it .
they recently renovated the rooms & they 're so beautiful !
_num_ minutes after ordering the waitress came back and said she lost our ticket .
so worth the drive !
food is good and well priced for its portions .
nothing crazy , just a simple dinner and a group of seven girls .
also great wine list .
i loved this restaurant ... best kale salad ever !
food awesome !
breakfast with a view of the mountains is spectacular .
has the usual variety of egg dishes , pancakes , omelets , etc .
worth a try for sure .
what came first , no business or crap ingredients and no chef ?
is it the best chinese ?
nice comfortable beds .
the bartenders have no sense of priority and they treat you like crap .
i 've had better thai food in mexico .
they have great chips and salsa is good .
love shopping here .
yes , please .
too bad .
i 'm rolling my eyes at you .
so we did n't get menus for the first _num_ minutes we were there .
i will be back !
the employee saw that it was messy and walked away .
the chips and salsa were very tasty as well .
total chill , family feel where they welcome you in with a smile .
had good had pretty bad .
the staff are always very nice and helpful .
only to be told to call chance ourselves .
delicious !
excellent .
so far so good !
incredible staff , friendly managers and great food !
i mean , we finished the calamari and no sign of the wine .
my absolute favorite place to spend the day , the amenities are top notch !
no one seemed to notice or care .
saved quite a bit by bringing our car here .
i found thunderbird automotive specialist to be exactly that !
which was a total bait and switch see offer below .
the bathrooms are old and gross .
the quality and quantity is excellent .
i am so happy i was forced to discover this gem !
spectacular service .
so let 's skip ahead to the present .
wow - everything we had here was really good .
nothing like i asked for .
thanks for a great staff and making it a positive environment for our kids !
i 'll definitely be returning soon !
it 's romantic and classy yet very cozy , comfortable and relaxing .
friendly and they know their regulars .
food was good and plentiful .
you should skip this place .
why do n't they have a tip line on the credit slip ?
all the meat was terrible and nothing was warm at all .
return are limited days and bad thing of all low experiences .
this is one of my favorite restaurants in old town .
will return again with friends and family .
their prices are a bit high .
the starbucks of breakfast .
the bourbon barrel stout was the best we sampled and i would have again .
there should n't be any rotten greens in a salad .
not so great food and service .
i look forward to taking another class from you tomorrow .
we ordered our food and sat down .
and i loved their work .
ordered the bird omelette and it was great !
i ordered the scottsdale salad , it was served with raw chicken .
when i heard about cowboy ciao i was excited to try it .
everything was wonderful and reasonably priced for what you get .
best cookie stop in town !
staff was friendly and nice selection .
yes , we actually popped the hood and double checked marshall 's work .
very disappointing .
great place to start the night !
the spaghetti and meatballs tasted extremely bland .
disappointing .
the margaritas are always good .
lazy as hell .
the food was amazing and the wine even better !
i would not spend my money here , especially at their prices .
the employees are amazing .
excellent service !
moreover , the salads are noticeably smaller with less fresh greens .
there are no potatoes or mashed .
there was a woman 's hair in the bathroom too when i checked in !
the food was just bland and not unique .
terrible service .
we ordered flat iron steak medium rare with over easy eggs .
he does a great job of taking care of his customers .
even though they did n't work out i was happy i went there !
the patio is quaint .
not too happy with them .
these donuts are great !
by this time i was annoyed with jerry and his surly attitude .
it was quiet and my neighbors were great .
i 'm glad i found mama mia !
it was terrible .
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .
the menu is big and filled with authentic dishes .
outdoor seating for breakfast was great .
plus it 's a byob restaurant connected to an amazing wine store .
but his off night may have cost lon 's a few new customers .
angel is amazing !
the interior is so fun with all the sports memorabilia .
first time here , and overall i liked it .
shop here every week , love the people , the store and the products .
the staff is always helpful , friendly , and knowledgeable .
but it 's all worth it !
i recommend eating on the outside patio overlooking the lake .
service was terrible .
the bartenders were very attentive and helpful .
we all had different things , and the food was greasy and gross .
from you when we ordered wedding flowers .
service and prices pretty much are hard to beat .
definitely will continue to take my business to this location .
but nonetheless , the edamame and the sake bombs were perfection as always .
everything was very good .
after hearing the list of choices i chose one .
i probably wo n't go back to this location .
the patio is an authentic experience .
hello people , it is a charity event .
i have been there twice and enjoyed it both times .
everything was tasty and rich and arrived promptly .
two other co-workers also had sandwiches and they thought theirs were great .
ever see the _num_ girls , _num_ cup video ?
prices are great , food is greater .
the best brands that have great quality are found here !
this park has improved since i first came here _num_ months ago .
the food is super bland , over priced and over-cooked .
well then you 've got yourself a party !
they really do thai food well .
only _num_ other people in the room , so not busy .
oh yeah , be sure you talk to gary .
nothing about it was thai .
i paid _num_ $ a month for a level _num_ ( gold ) membership .
i really hoped better from this place so disappointed .
tons of regular customers which tells you it 's good .
food is awesome , huge variety of beer .
he was professional , friendly , knowledgeable , and very efficient .
but it was dead in there .
nice beer selection and wines by the glass .
they bagel was soft and moist and i had fresh veggies in my sandwich .
the seabass , sweet potato casserole and asparagus delicious !
stephanie was fantastic !
it 's delicious .
i was visiting az from california yesterday and a colleague recommended this sushi place .
came out nice & hot .
anyhow -- - i think we had a great time !
we had dinner here last evening with friends visiting from ohio .
wish i could give this place _num_ stars .
the food here is mouth watering good !
the french press coffee was so good .
whenever we come from la , we got to start our day here !
the bathrooms were kind of gross .
his staff have always been pleasant and easy to work with .
they apparently tried but could not get into the gate on a holiday .
well this is the place that i go to .
no garlic flavor , watery and bland .
great fresh produce and a very pleasant staff round out the experience .
will definitely come again .
wow , another gem in scottsdale !
same goes for the rest of the food .
the ceviche here is one of the best i have had .
we then ordered salad and pasta for dinner with wine .
great place to watch football !
my child goes to see a doctor here .
just wanted to hurry up and get out of here .
i ate _num_ slice and threw the rest out .
also , it always seems like their coffee is hella burnt .
got my drink correct and quick !
such nice people .
simply love the service here and i wish more people knew about this place !
i recommend mary and her team to everyone !
but wow , i love the `` cowboy ciao '' chopped salad .
they also have very friendly and knowledgeable staff .
the owners and employees are always helpful and friendly even on their busiest days !
terrible .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .
it 's simple , quick mexican food .
great friendly service .
brittany was a great server and so sweet !
but both visits featured mediocre food ( esp .
me : `` then , no thanks . ''
i loved the somewhat unique dishes .
it would n't come close to my top ten pizza places in the city .
pretty fun here .
it well .
atmosphere was fine & the service was excellent .
nobody cooks like moms .
needless to say i 've found my new home for haircuts !
thank you !
thank you yelp reviewers !
i do n't like their buffalo wings .
amazing nursery !
thank you for always providing a great experience !
this place is such a pile of shit .
good food and happy hour prices .
i was pretty dissapointed in this whole ordeal !
great food worth the wait .
the price was also very fair for a meal of that quality .
the ribs were worse .
their meat is horrible .
highly recommend this store who is looking for high quality and very reasonable prices .
the staff was happy and gracious .
good , honest , quick service .
i absolutely love it !
she was very obviously annoyed by a late table .
i recomend the strawberry ice cream shakes !
worst _num_ dollars ever spent .
the bento boxes are absolutely the way to go .
a memorable presentation and a must order .
we waited _num_ hours in the lobby .
if they contact me , i 'll try them again and redo this review .
needless to say it was promptly returned .
i feel the rates are reasonable as well .
love this place and have been here several times .
i made the poor choice to select the unimpressive and soggy chicken alfredo pasta .
the pork was fatty and more like pork soup .
wasting my time on my lunch break .
just awesome sushi and service .
nice place , clean , spacious room .
egg roll was typical .
great food , service is terrific .
then i checked amazon and they were $ _num_ .
my pasta was just as amazing as the customer service !
i eat here at least once a month .
but i wo n't be back .
its mcdonalds what can i say fries and burgers .
all of the dishes were superb and we will definitely be returning .
it 's become my favorite thing to do in arizona beside the water park .
greasy , saucy , mediocre .
exceptionally courteous and professional .
pleasant find .
great memories and they serve ice cold stella .
good prices and happy hour .
this place is just plain nasty .
friendly service and good food .
thanks to all previous yelpers for this recommendation !
do not get a filling from this guy .
awesome experience !
they 're driving your customers away !
the place is awesome .
not the experience i recall , and not a great deal either .
place is clean , friendly staff , food is great also .
they do a pretty decent job .
always cooked perfectly .
i would and have recommended him to both friends and family .
best carne adovada plate ive had in az .
i was very disappointed with our service at ra .
i can say this is the best persian food you can find around here .
i was not at all impressed .
we took the two hour jeep tour and had a blast .
it 's no wonder why people prefer to go to buffets .
no one came to seat us for about _num_ minutes to start off .
thanks brian .
none of us will be returning .
its little mistakes that make this place a hassle to visit .
the eggplant parmesan with a mushroom sauce is exquisite .
read the reviews above and below for explanation of awesomeness .
the only remedy is that they replaced the missing diamonds free of charge .
steve 's meal took another _num_ minute to come .
add a salad and the meal is complete .
first let me explain , lol !
this place is the worst , most unprofessional business i have ever come across .
overall , a good experience !
the cashier then apologized on my way out the door .
my last appointment to this office was back in october _num_ .
they 've run off my business as well .
my favorite dish is sweet and sour chicken w white rice .
had a $ _num_ off coupon on phone .
the food not as good and the staff not as professional .
very frustrating ... .
it 's not that tough .
casual dining at it 's best .
the regular french fries with the seasoned salt are usually really good .
i have never experienced such great service thank you chelsea !
will keep coming back again and again .
the food was delicious and the service was exceptional .
_num_ stars who paid for those nothing special by any means .
obviously poor training for management and for waitstaff .
will definitely recommend them to my family and friends .
way too noise !
that sucked too .
thanks steve for the great service .
we love the persian room !
i could barely walk or stand up straight when i got there .
gross !
pros : this place is so fun !
i just ordered to go the mongolian chicken $ _num_ .
the food here is amazing .
live music on the weekends is great and really brings in a good crowd .
then my boyfriend walked in , who also was not greeted .
the food is really yummy and the service is exceptional without being annoying .
always a great time at dos gringos !
great time with awesome service .
but when you do the food is good and the service is good .
we went here for my birthday dinner , the food was amazing .
the hotel is very very old .
another piece was chewy and hard to get down .
it is better than wal-mart .
their pizzas are amazing and they have some different toppings .
the food was mediocre at best .
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .
plus besides chiropractic he is very well versed in acupuncture .
best breakfast around by far .
great attitude and fast service .
i 'm so happy !
this now is our new favorite place to eat !
it is one of the better place to see a show at .
i will definitely be taking buddy back and recommending canine preferred .
he is the `` best '' !
will not go back .
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .
no salt or indian flavor in anything .
because of this , we will not shop at kay jewelers anymore .
also , the staff is very friendly and approachable .
i highly recommend this place .
i ate the whole pizza and it was worth the carbs .
native wings are the best !
great !
their roast beef sandwich is delicious with roasted peppers .
this weekend was terrible !
mediocre `` bread store '' with much to be desired .
awesome food , high quality , large portions and great location .
i am so happy i found this place .
i could have just ate that and been good !
horrible presentation for the price .
i think the remodel is great .
we spent over _num_ today for just the _num_ of us .
all in all , a great experience .
decor is bright and airy .
we enjoyed a drink at the bar before being seated for dinner .
skip the green chili burro .
the place was only 1/3 full .
fast service .
maybe people just do n't know better .
this place has good food and generous servings .
this place could be so great but the service is very poor .
the main barista ( afternoons ) generally lacks in quality control .
sadly , the only decent main dish was my son 's spaghetti and meatballs .
great experience all around .
i love los olivos !
food is well above average for a bar .
i left a message almost _num_ hours prior expecting a prompt call in return .
the experience was top notch from start to finish .
horrible horrible service do n't shop there .
absolute worst experience .
the meats were fantastic and hummus and baba were spot on .
allows dogs outside which is great !
totally worth the money , great service and wonderful atmosphere .
bad answer and poor recovery .
very tasty !
i work in scottsdale , and one day ( yesterday ) i needed gas .
reasonable prices round out the deal that makes it the place to go .
it was as spicy as i ordered it , but somehow tasteless .
i told her this , and _num_ minutes later we received our plates .
big lots , i salute you .
i highly recommend this place !
i doubt this location will be here in _num_ years .
however , this is the job you chose .
very good breakfast burritos !
thanks doug !
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .
we will absolutely be back .
pretty mediocre for $ _num_ .
the price is excellent .
skip this one .
do n't bother being on time because they wo n't .
excellent !
take it up with your consistently bad servers -- enough people have consistently complained .
the fruit plate was incredibly fresh and their coffee was excellent too .
they charged me $ _num_ which thought was high .
we are proud to have them as neighbors and business associates !
tuna roll - overwhelming vinegar taste .
nothing ever changes , its always the same over the past two years .
the total cost was $ _num_ before taxes .
had the stacked enchiladas new mexican style , yum !
server with buzz haircut as rude .
silly me , i believed their website .
i love this place !
love this place .
very good authentic mexican food .
thanks everyone .
get the bar menu and its worth it .
it clearly was not the vegetable pizza i was expecting .
so active in the community .
honestly , a one star rating is even too much for this place .
awesome prices .
my husband and i went to dinner tonight , we were very disappointed !
my folks loved it too .
thanks julia !
i would n't go back .
i know that your store 's prices are cheaper than almost any place locally .
chili 's food is bland .
totally ridiculous .
they helped me pick out a cute pair of glasses that were not overpriced .
my coffee cup is always kept full and the food is good .
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .
this is not a food bank or a church .
they were thorough and comforting and took time to answer all my questions .
love vito 's !
the entire experience was not a good one .
friendliest family owned place , great selection and very fair pricing .
just moved to area and have been twice .
the atmosphere was cool too , very social .
i loved getting married here !
regardless , i 'll definitely order from here again !
food is questionable .
have not been here in such a long time .
returning as an adult , it 's just as great as ever .
stunning room , beautiful landscape , door to door service with golf carts .
my wife 's salad had cold , overcooked shrimp .
the only service i have ever received at total bliss is nails & toes .
spent about _num_ to $ _num_ on all this food .
my eyebrows look awesome & sexy !
so honest and did great work .
the staff is friendly and the food is so good .
absolutely spectacular !
they did a great job .
if possible , i would n't choose this medical image facility .
_num_ ) we paid over $ _num_ for dinner .
the freshly baked flat bread is a amazing and i love the atmosphere .
so she brought a basket of french bread with cheese , on the house .
see ya there !
because he for damn sure does not run this establishment like a business .
victoria is amazing !
the worst mexican food ever ... no , the worst food ever .
hardly what i would call wild .
well worth the drive from the east valley .
just left this place , amazing customer service .
average service , horrible food .
several other times the music is just too loud .
great service fair price .
i really enjoy going here for lunch .
great sandwich and an interesting take on it .
i just love the roaring fork !
to boot ; all information including the contact info is on the front .
a neighbor introduced me to this gem and am i certainly appreciative !
and the ambiance is wonderfully cozy .
it 's so nice inside and the best part is affordable .
loved it .
tvs and other electronics were the same price as brand new .
this review gets _num_ stars instead of _num_ because she was friendly and nice .
i was not impressed by this restaurant .
heather is very nice and fun to talk with .
i ca n't recommend them enough !
what a great lunch !
great korean kalbi and other table top meats .
great overall atmosphere , and could very likely become a regular spot .
it is a great italian restaurants which great food and cheap prices .
we just left this place and i can only say it was very disappointing .
the rooms are huge and my family is very comfortable here .
we will definitely be back !
service , food , ambiance are all spot on !
went here for the first time today and i will most certainly be returning !
best breakfast burritos ever .
the juke box is loud and always on point .
not worth the money .
i wonder if they changed owners , but i want the old way back !
the food is served in a timely manner , as are your initial drinks .
as always the food was fantastic .
so we love that place .
price is wonderful and food is hot , tasty and fulfilling !
we have never been denied access to a restaurant before .
sorry , i 'll pass .
the fish was fresh but the rolls were n't very impressive .
price is very reasonable .
smelled and tasted terrible .
it really hurt .
best cheeseburgers ever !
went last night for valentine 's dinner , and was seriously disappointed .
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .
every order came out as ordered and tasted amazing .
all in all , i 'm happy this place exists .
i 'm not sure what his purpose was .
their dressings are fantastic !
i would definitely check this place out !
the booze was pretty good , but the food was pretty lackluster .
she gave me a great $ _num_ discount and it looks amazing .
we always love the patio seating .
the food is unparalleled and the service is top notch .
sad to see such a great restaurant go downhill .
they fixed my car the next morning and the price was great .
jenny is amazing beyond belief , and everyone there was just so friendly .
it 's usually ripe and ready to eat but always good .
one plus is they have pitchers of beer and margaritas .
i really enjoy this course .
great service !
was worth only $ _num_ .
both turned out really well .
that 's $ _num_ each plus tax .
the lunch offered buffet style meal along with regular menu orders .
very , very good food here .
she explained all the different options and choices .
even when moving out , no one had a clue .
loved it here !
my husband and i celebrated our _num_ year wedding anniversary here .
quick and quality service !
do not stay here .
fast , friendly , fresh .
my double baked potato was fine and desserts were at best average .
the free chips and salsa are probably from costco .
it is also super charming inside and on the patio .
turkey dinner excellent but $ _num_ ?
the restaurant is beautiful and will be amazing after the plaza construction is done .
she just loves the store and really has outstanding people skills .
i 've been here several times , both for pleasure and for business .
alex and holly are great .
i love this place !
the service was also superior .
walgreens , my advice to you is to learn how to staff correctly .
sadly , i must say i am disappointed with my main bank .
i 'm livid at the way this is being handled .
service was great and the view was pleasant .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
the poor conditions keep serious players away .
total bill for total sh*t and _num_ glasses of chianti ... $ _num_ .
tasty food , attentive but not overbearing waiter , live music - very nice .
sooooo delicious !
after that , the atmosphere and decorations are pleasing while service was average .
the food was excellent .
i would recommend any and everyone to this place after that great experience .
boy was i disappointed .
then after waiting an advisor finally called me back and was not very personable !
we love this place !
you 've been warned .
definitely will go again .
the vegetarian selections here are slim .
the waitress came running over with our bill .
friendly patrons , friendly bartenders , and fair prices .
this place delivers & i 'll never go anywhere else !
our service was very good , and the food was very tasty .
would recommend to others .
i have eaten here on numerous occasions .
they are truely exceptional people , as well as in the services they provide .
or probably not since the air was n't blowing .
it was bland but overall a good burger .
its much more of a fun experience than the other places in town .
vito is a very nice man and is often seen at the restaurant .
i purchased tickets for the saturday night show on-line .
wow ... what a beautiful facility .
love the aveda products especially the damage control line .
we sat on the patio and it was great .
don and his staff are both friendly and knowledgeable , far exceeding my expectations .
not even a small dish of desserts .
tammy is great !
i highly recommend roaring fork !
one of my kids fell asleep waiting for his mac and cheese .
same thing .
she was rude the whole time and rushed through my pedicure and nails .
cousin had short ribs , a generous portion and found it very flavorful .
i had not been to a macayo 's in at least three years .
and yes , the people are great , and great message .
this dump does not deserve your business !
i first ate at the salt cellar as a child with my parents .
this little gem has awesome sweet treats to curb any ice cream craving !
the waitress was so friendly and helpful and the manager was even better !
the cannoli was good !
instead , they got angry at me for coming in !
for the price of the food , i expected it to be hot .
im fucking sick of people being greedy and money hungry .
staff is friendly but just not a nice environment .
we will definitely come back .
thank you for a great experience !
it was excellent , all of my favorite flavors in one dish !
thank you guys for all that you do .
it was n't even warm and was tough to cut .
very relaxing and family friendly environment .
they made us feel so welcomed & right at home !
the pepper steak is really overly sauced up but not too bad .
we took a conservative form of treatment and he is totally fine now .
got a basket with _num_ slices of bread ( slices of bread ?
great food , great decor !
awesome service !
golden greek and it 's owners are fantastic .
decent bookstore , with a little coffee shop .
you can blow up the phone they never pick up to assist you .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
happy hour at the bar is a great place to wait for your table .
it is pricey but worth every penny .
i would absolutely recommend dr. sullivan to anyone looking for a new family doctor !
now it 's a scene , but it 's classic .
slides are mediocre .
wow !
great drinks .
very glad to be out .
the food is great .
the office staff is friendly , knowledgeable and helpful .
a very casual place with great service and good food .
this is my least favorite venue in arizona .
we are extremely disappointed .
waitresses wear tight black pants .
my experience was quite positive all the way around .
it is definitely one of my favorite places to go .
always delivers so fast and the food is great !
nice ambiance and good seafood for az .
fast and professional service !
and to be charge more than $ _num_ for a teeth cleaning is ridiculous .
the pumps will not accept debit , only credit .
the picture show , $ _num_ regular and $ _num_ on tuesdays .
my dirty martini was perfect ... perfect !
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .
the produce here is always a hit .
the outdoor dining is area is second to none and the grounds are charming .
the main dishes were covered in what seem like oil and salt .
am i really eating it ?
in a very easy fashion .
since this was their mistake i requested they install my opener for free .
the pork green chili served with warm tortillas is dreamy .
thank you for starting my morning off right .
i highly suggest you stay away from this place !
however , we went here sunday and i was sorely disappointed .
no thank you no acknowledgement of my business no nothing .
i have been going for years but recently had a bad experience .
the cashier refused to make more of the soup of the day .
fresh ingredients , thin , crispy crust , amazing flavor .
fillet mignon is delicate and delicious .
everyone is friendly and really make you feel welcome .
the front desk staff is always kind and professional .
the groomers are friendly and are great with our little pups .
these are great folks with which to do business .
the club itself is ok and deserves _num_ stars .
great drinks .
this is unacceptable prices for a bowling alley .
we skipped dessert as we were already disappointed with our meal .
the food is excellent , the service friendly and the atmosphere relaxed and fun .
this is a much better culinary experience by far .
what an amazing experience !
last couple of times i 've had nothing but problems .
( oh how i wish i would have read them now ! )
even more surprising was how good the food is !
i love the ambiance of the restaurant and i 'm always in good company .
this is the nicest one i have been to .
their prices are well matched for the quality of the food .
owners are great and the home made breakfast pastries are divine .
it was all just gross !
they even offer joy rides with their planes by scheduling an appt .
the outside area is great with the waterfall and all .
you hurt my feelings .
recommend for a date or nice evening party .
some of the best mexican food i 've eaten in a long time !
everything about this place is just cool .
however , there would not be any manager on shift until tomorrow afternoon .
needless to say , we are livid and stunned over this error .
worst hotel in scottsdale , it certainly seems so .
as for the pedicure , minimal .
i highly recommend trying this place out .
the best patio in my opinion .
they were so bad we asked to send them back and get something else .
it ruined the whole experience .
she 's very aggressive with your manicure , it 's very uncomfortable .
the bread is usually stale .
the atmosphere is great and dollar bills cover the walls and ceiling .
vito 's seafood lasagna is awesome , and the service is great too .
the waiters that served our lunch were super nice .
the staff was very professional and accommodating .
the park is not well managed .
lots of fresh food for great prices .
and it 's not even a large bottle .
no good looking women .
love this place !
my daughter was in tears and didnt even want to see the doctor .
had a great meal this morning with the family .
the food was great and would definitely return .
honest , ethical and reasonably priced !
i really liked this place .
personally , she is the best !
fantastic diner .
highly recommended .
i got contacts last year and recently got vision insurance .
this place is solid .
not an apology .
i just had food from jade palace and it was very , very good .
it seems every time i come to this location i have a negative experience .
i 'm not your enemy , in fact we have never met .
it 's a small shop but so worth it .
cannoli was good but way overpriced at $ _num_ .
rude !
the second time the food was so bland it made me want to cry .
no fridge .
their kindness and knowledge was amazing .
( there were _num_ patrons sitting at the bar ) .
this review is for the restaurant .
( i would have just not ordered one if i would have known ) .
best italian restaurant i 've ever eaten at .
negative vibe right from the get go .
pancakes as you would expect are quite good .
have been shooting my whole life .
menu is pretty extensive for such a small bar .
i highly recommend this office for all your optical needs .
they always make me feel at home .
phenomenal service .
they fixed my bridesmaid dress fast and it fits wonderfully now .
chicken wings are great , too .
this to me is just rude and completely unprofessional .
fast quality at a good price .
ridiculous !
it just seemed really inappropriate .
simply , jewel of the crown is best .
i 'm thai so i definitely know my thai food dishes .
it 's a great place for dogs !
it is disgusting .
food is amazing .
the customer service i got from there was great .
this place is near perfect .
and the sauce is very good too .
i will not be going here again and would not recommend them to anyone .
they also did n't look happy to be there .
love their pastries .
i 'd recommend to anyone and ill be using them again !
i 'll be back for more !
amazing rooms , massage , and restaurant !
we ordered wings and they came back extremely dry .
very professional , polite and friendly .
love this place !
we spent hours upon hours cleaning the apartment .
once you leave , someone else will fall into the trap .
prices are very good .
if your fries are hot , consider yourself lucky .
food super and well priced .
everyone who works there is so nice and i always get great service .
i 've been there _num_ times now and still love it !
this time , at least at the time i visited , no .
but such a fun find .
service has always been wonderful .
so fresh !
the guy who made my sandwich was super awesome .
unacceptable .
a lovely location near the scottsdale mall and nice ambiance in the restaurant .
they did a great job repairing my washing machine and ice maker .
awesome , fabulous , yummy donuts .
the snack bar and souvenir area were reasonably priced which was a nice surprise .
i 'm a fan .
i will continue to bring my vehicle back for service .
big soccer fan .
came back for my yearly exam and still an excellent experience .
i really like the selection of frames and service .
one of my favorite pizza places .
love him !
it 's great stuff !
well worth the price .
awesome mexican food , cozy atmosphere , and live music !
they are rude and do n't care if you leave .
and for sure ... do n't anyone order the turkey sandwich !
tortillas are always stale .
the mashed potatoes were tasty but dry and cold as well .
it 's the most disgusting thing i 've ever seen referred to as food .
service was spot on .
she greeted everyone with a smile .
tons of tvs so great for games , good service , and awesome food .
the bar has n't been cleaned in who knows how long .
horrible .
also , shopping on line is available .
not so good .
the steak was cooked to perfection and tasted fantastic .
it was excellent .
we have been there twice now and loved it both times .
our bill arrived and we know that they do n't do separate checks .
i 'm not sure when the standards for chinese food became so lax .
love the pork green chile but it is super rich and best to share .
i got no problem with it .
medium has the most flavor with just a touch of heat .
everyone in the shop was friendly .
it was well worth the dress up !
the pizza here is so yummy !
hair is important and they treat you wonderfully here .
i recommend the wings hands down !
will definitely become a regular .
there is absolutely no sense of urgency here .
i also got the _num_ g 's cocktail .
i do not honestly know why anyone eats at top shelf anymore .
in closing , a little difficult to find , but well worth the hunt !
it has the great old school western feel that i love .
the flavor for the most part , bland .
i highly recommend brittany and steven paul salon .
do n't let them cheat you !
place was pretty cool .
and that 's something you should n't try to cheap out on .
clean and neat .
_num_ stars otherwise .
your website says nothing about this .
very good service and great food .
the food is delicious and unique and the staff is always awesome .
top notch everything .
restaurant is clean , and the food is always top notch for its price .
kenny did an excellent job .
look at other reviews and i agree with how bad this place is .
it 's homemade and fresh .
it really reminded me so much of what we had available back east .
awesome .
my wife ordered fettuccine , with alfredo sauce .
we love canine preferred !
i love the food here !
such a great place !
so delicious !
they were neither compassionate or sensitive & have poor business practices .
the food has improved the last couple of times we been there .
genius idea to have korean and sushi in the same place !
unfortunately , this was quite disappointing .
the staff is so rude !
excellent .
secondly , the pulled pork was stringy , the texture was like hair meat !
i had the absolute worst experience at steven paul salon .
i highly recommend this place !
the place for starters has no feeling of arrival .
it tells me that i need to go elsewhere for better customer service .
i got nothing .
the basil crispy chicken just did n't work for me .
these people are exceptional .
great service and great delivery .
ambiance is very mediocre and nothing special .
great breakfast spot !
omg loved every bit of being outside .
do not rent here .
dr. lopez and her staff are the best !
the atmosphere is charming and fun .
great wines by the glass , too .
the decor , if clean would be on spot .
she says 3-4 weeks out to schedule .
they gave me an estimate for close to $ _num_ .
it was well worth it .
we will return when in town !
best pedi ever .
they are honest too , which is a good quality in their industry .
i then tried to shower and could not get hot water out .
it was pretty good .
we are all so disappointed and expected so much more from elements .
we stopped for breakfast and our entrees were all delicious .
the pork roast was cooked just right and was deliciously marinated .
the wife 's chicken fried trout was also excellent .
that said however , the food both times has been bland and very uninspired .
pizzas are good , sandwiches are good .
good diverse asian cuisine .
good meat on my burrito .
we got our appetizer of calamari and it was disgusting .
located at sanctuary camelback mountain resort & spa , this is a beautiful place .
great beans , i remember that was my sister 's favorite dish !
prime rib huge and fatty just like my friends love it .
and they are serving the best authentic italian food in the hood .
he made sure we had an amazing time .
the one at _num_ southwest this place suck .
i like the skin has that crisp to it .
luxurious is n't anywhere near this place .
i had a carne asada tostada and rice and they were great .
the creme brle is spot on .
this is an excellent local liquor store .
great environment for family fun .
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .
accurate orders , great tasting food , friendly service .
well , the photo is _num_ years old .
i will recommend this place to everyone i know !
some of the best sushi i 've ever had .
waitresses are all nice and very attentive .
i ordered the white flannel and it was so good !
food was amazing , a little pricey though .
this is a terrible policy for any store .
always great service ... ... .
she will not say hi .
this agency rocks !
the service is bad and the landscaping is dangerous .
the experience would have been three star , except for the bathroom .
you walk in a get a real warm feel like it 's family owned .
great property .
not professional .
great staff !
he kept telling me it tasted off .
vegetarian double crust pizza is amazing .
delicious bagel sandwiches !
thank you tina and see you in a couple weeks !
i ordered boneless pork , and the meat looked old .
we just moved to the area .
what a total ripoff !
amazing food .
salsa no flavor and tortillas on the tacos could use a slight fry .
the woman who answered said that jesse would call me back .
very helpful , kind , and knowledgeable .
the veg was also under seasoned , just bland tasting food .
what a disappointment .
you could probably get better frozen items at costco .
ridiculous !
however , went to eat there this weekend and it was truly awful .
i enjoyed staying there and would recommend this resort to everyone !
thorough .
however , we were very disappointed .
exquisite spaghetti carbonara and attentive service .
what an awful , awful experience with take out from here .
great atmosphere , hidden treasure .
my roommate is italian and grew up eating gnocchi and absolutely loved defalco 's .
best place .
i love everything there , the rellenos are great .
the employees were all very nice , funny , and talkative .
that did no good .
such a fun experience !
just imagine eating in japan on your lunch break at a real spot .
the grocery store is pretty inexpensive and they have a good selection of food .
they got a loyal customer .
everything i had from this taco bell had a lovely city of mesa aftertaste .
decent pricing and a busy place worthy of a second meal .
they come in a nice sized glass and are plenty strong .
i feel sorry for anyone with allergies to nuts .
they do n't even do the haunted train ride anymore .
this is by far the most honest and best mechanic i have ever visited .
requested more fry 's we never received .
what you may not know about drift is that they have wonderful food .
the staff is friendly and even remembers our names .
for dessert we all shared _num_ cannolis which tasted heavenly .
the food was very good .
we had friends over and ordered delivery .
i had a horrible experience with this company .
they do a beautiful job every time .
the pizza is awesome .
lost a long time customer !
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .
_num_ minutes in a drive thru line is not quality service .
dark , sexy and hip .
big disappointment
this is a great casual family diner , everything a diner should be .
i will skip this place next time i am in the area .
thank you !
sorry mom - i will not go back .
really made sure i was comfortable .
i told him that i will not pay three dollars extra for my meal .
honestly , i was just annoyed the service was bad and slow .
wow what a pleasant experience .
if only i could give negative stars .
it 's another awesome dive and find in the old town area .
this is not a good record for these guys .
so , no !
wow , what a cool museum !
so add false advertising to the list .
i will never go here again unfortunately .
the guy behind the counter was full of recommendations and super nice .
i highly recommend that you try this for breakfast or lunch .
the apartment is small and plain .
great pizza !
all of our order was right , food was good staff very friendly .
i 'm getting my breakfast smoothie !
i got delivery .
best chinese food in arizona !
great customer service ; the crew here were all very helpful , even honest .
absolute satisfaction .
i love this place .
good service good people .
bad management .
i highly highly recommend this place .
so happy they are opened sundays and it was n't horribly priced .
so good !
wheelchair friendly store ... .
nice man .
just go to walgreens for deals .
i 'll continue to come back to us nails in the future .
best italian food in town !
she refused to give it to me .
number _num_ super sonic double cheeseburger with extra mustard .
great prices , fast service , plus a drive through .
know your prices and just have fun .
missed opportunity .
i highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a good haircut .
service was ok ... but the food was great !
the food and service was amazing .
has a cowboy feel to it .
on the saturday night , it had an entire section closed off .
the staff is super friendly and always happy .
the second time - what the heck happened ?
why get rid of it ?
hands down one of the best bike shops in town .
appreciated having such healthy and tasty options !
the office staff are amazingly pleasant and not just during the move in process .
i will be going back for sure !
very competent doctor & staff .
love the karaoke and the wings are so great .
a wonderful trip .
thanks guys , we will definitely be back !
and this was for a very special occasion .
we love to see it grow .
love this place .
sashimi was outstanding .
also be advised that malee 's charges scottsdale prices .
it sucks .
was told they could detail my suv for _num_ .
i was impressed by the quality .
the staff and ownership are very sweet and treat my puppies with kid gloves .
however , this small place crowded store left me wanting more ... more space .
do not in anyway believe this nonsense .
no hello , no smile , no `` can i help you . ''
it was our anniversary dinner and it was a great experience .
service is alway fast and friendly .
i love their cinnamon bagels and bagel sandwiches .
plus his pricing was ridiculous .
super nice place and the waitress was on top of everything .
( haha ) overall great positive vibe with great good and great service !
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
it is no big deal .
they will sooooo not get my money again !
the variety of side dishes and potato offerings is a perfect complement .
the cruise was good .
guess , they just call it food .
debbie was super and so was everyone there really .
that left a very sour taste in my mouth .
the staff was really , great too .
we will not take it .
it certainly is not the place featured on the show !
first time here and i thought it was so adorable and charming .
quality , fast , affordable service !
beautiful with a very nice selection of plants .
my partner said his burro was boring and had not much flavor .
nice !
then you will eat your lunch and then start planning your next meal here .
and our kids ( _num_ and _num_ ) loved it .
expect a terrible experience , expect nothing .
the food is incredible and their wine selection ai n't bad either .
everyone loved their dish .
ingredients all very fresh and high quality .
it was very dark and crowded .
gorgeous tranquil outdoor seating .
it 's disgusting .
very good .
thanks for the strong drink , sam !
love ... love ... love this spot ... ... .
made fresh , like still warm and melt in your mouth fresh .
they have good american fare and some good green chile .
i really hate feeling cheated .
it 's a really great , simple place .
great staff here as well ... our server was fabulous !
i repeat , do not move here !
i will not be going back again .
what a huge waste of money .
she has called every week for the last month and they have no answers .
always make my coffee perfect and never run out of donuts .
the food speaks for itself !
to top it off the food was bland and clearly not fresh .
clubhouse was empty .
but again , drenched in vinaigrette .
if i could give this place _num_ stars because i would .
for sure try it !
it was overly greasy and poorly prepared .
we know good food and service and this was outstanding .
very good food and service .
creative , local food .
the food was very fresh and very good , sandwiches mostly that i noticed .
this place always has great sandwiches and great service .
will definitely go back .
this place has gone downhill since my last review .
would never recommend to anyone find a better company to do business with .
it made the whole experience a great deal worse .
dr. jones is the top of the line !
should have been a warning !
it sucks .
will definitely be going back to them in the future !
i 'm a fan for sure .
_num_ month went by and they called to say cushions were ready .
there was no italian ambience .
not to mention their tasty drinks and friendly staff !
great happy hour !
been there , done that ; once here was enough .
trader joe 's is so much better than whole foods in every way .
seating area is beautiful and the fresh baked bread is unbelievable .
service was friendly and efficient .
that 's what i was expecting when i walked in .
the amenities and products top notch .
and damn pretty as well .
it was good and i know we will go back !
hubby & i played here today and had a great experience !
then i went in my room and i thought someone was still staying there .
my favorite choice is the filet mignon though !
so good but i ca n't eat like this too often .
service was outstanding .
each of us had seafood and it was very tasty .
brought my truck in for an exhaust upgrade .
and the rack of lamb is incredible .
if you value your sleep find another hotel .
i definitely want to try their pizzas next !
it was delicious .
it took _num_ weeks but it was worth it .
defalco 's is one of my new top spots for lunch !
the lamb fondue was so great , the trout , salads and chicken .
we definitely will be back again .
worked on it for a total of _num_ hours on it .
someone called me back from corporate !
the beer selection was impressive .
very authentic italian food .
no thanks .
then five minutes after the guacamole was served , the entrees arrived .
atmosphere , food and staff are all amazing .
the mexican food here is delicious , very authentic and fresh !
love this place !
um sorry , i do n't think so .
i love this store !
crap cheap food .
to hell with this place .
anything and everything on there menu is great !
the staff are experienced and well informed .
a surprise small market with good produce .
rooftop dining with good food , prompt and attentive service , and reasonable service .
great .
they have no `` signature '' pizzas , it 's all build your own .
my job is n't always perfect , but i do love it here !
great and friendly service !
he likes to talk about foods that cause cavities .
7:30 p.m. - i made my order at 5:30 .
the veal looked and tasted like duck !
he was out of steak .
so great !
the staff was friendly and extremely helpful .
possibly the best restaurant fare i have ever eaten of any cuisine .
the chimichanga is amazing !
the chicken was weird .
i 've been inside once as well and it was quiet and quaint .
love the proximity to my home as i will be a regular here !
authentic chinese cuisine with ambience to match .
very light , delicious and half of the wrap will fill you up .
good margaritas , good chips and salsa .
not worth the price .
after waiting in line _num_ minutes i ordered the italian combo to go .
fun , casual , unpretentious .
this will cause for some interesting business if you continue to hire shitty waitress .
totally family friendly as well .
the dogs were very happy to see him again .
i ca n't go to _num_ stars yet .
also , nice pool facilities and clean , big rooms .
this is by far the best dental practice i have ever been to .
consistently well prepared lunches and dinners .
ha !
the beef was not the best quality and was n't cooked to my liking .
score !
unfortunately , things only got worse from here .
actually , i order it as egg white , but it comes either way .
i really like coming here to have fun and relax with friends .
the staff at this safeway makes it great .
also had eggplant with chicken and tofu , also delicious .
the owner gives a year warranty on the replacement .
eddie is thorough , honest and talented .
mi comida is always delicious and authentic central american cuisine .
the food is very spicy and well prepared .
i feel like family here !
good ice cream but great environment !
they were both very good .
the bad : consistency is not common here .
i really appreciated that .
wonderful !
very poor customer service .
my go to spot for steak tacos in old town .
the staff is super friendly and efficient .
came with hubby for a romantic weekend getaway and had a great time .
my entree , never get this .
cute place to bring your family .
recently moved to az and was looking for a hair stylist .
there was no message whatsoever .
i also asked for an oil change and a complete inspection .
outstanding .
cool water at every station and plenty of shade to keep you cool .
also it 's a bit spicy so beware .
i love this place .
friday and saturday are both incredible events as well .
consistently the worst line management in the grocery industry .
great food .
they 're rude , terrible service , terrible attitudes .
we loved it !
very pleased with my trip here .
service is so nice and coffee delish !
she was extremely friendly and personable .
they took great care of him in his `` kitty condo '' .
thank you !
the first signs should be been telling .
nothing really all that special to yelp about .
woohoo is right .
i have never felt so offended in my life .
no continental breakfast for $ _num_ a night ?
overall a very positive dining experience there !
that said the food and service was pretty respectable .
highly recommended !
absolutely love the lettuce wraps !
definitely will be back .
i love this place .
they were so dry that i had to pour lots of sauce over them .
i am very happy with the work and care put in to the results .
location small but clean .
this place is top notch when it comes to fresh deli sandwiches !
cute little cat boutique for everything the cat lover could want !
the food is great , fresh and tasteful !
is man pampering !
so needless to say , avoid this place at all cost .
in a good way .
excellent !
the waitress was rude and not attentive .
really good korean bbq , and you grill it yourself at your table .
it 's just insane .
my husband had the salmon penne and loved it .
nice touch .
we most likely will not be back .
i had a wonderful first experience .
smart and final is exactly what i said before it 's a baby costco .
liked checking out other locations too .
methinks not . ''
and i absolutely love their coffee .
fair prices .
excellent food .
shame on me .
but do n't try this garbage sober .
i love their huge selection of ribbon .
oh , and parking sucks .
the italian soda was amazing .
waitress needs attitude check .
the only highlight of our meal was the chips .
recommend both of these two food items !
always so helpful , pleasant , and efficient !
the veal and pork osso bucco are to die for !
i 'd highly recommend lon 's .
i have never been to a restaurant with better customer service .
dirty plates , silverware , walls , floors , everything !
avoid this place !
it 's too bad because i love mexican food .
i was yelled at by the extremely rude person running the car wash !
would n't be back , would n't recommend .
the chicken lo mein had breaded chicken in it with no flavor .
they hold up great !
really nice selection of clothes and great service !
however , the workers were friendly .
for a chain i really like this place .
i ca n't deny the place did have an odor .
they brought out our appetizers with our entrees because they forgot about the appetizers .
so the main thing -- pathetic service .
one of the best saturday 's i 've had in a long time .
they deliver quickly and are very nice .
they are wrong .
worst ever !
delicious and not too filling .
idiots .
the salads are a complete joke .
great place !
carlsbad tavern is my favorite mexican restaurant .
side salad was fresh & good .
i recommend everyone check this out for some fun out of the sun .
upon arrival i was told _num_ minutes for a party of two .
one of the best italian restaurants in arizona .
the food here , its freakin ' good .
delicious !
best sushi in the area .
highly recommend !
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .
i really do n't know how this place has an average rating of _num_ .
that night , i could n't sleep due to the paper thin walls .
it 's horrible .
besides that thank you so much for a beautiful experience !
rice was dry as well as the tamale .
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
but this last time both check-in and check-out were rude and difficult .
food is totally awesome .
nice outdoor eating area .
nice to sit outside .
the margaritas are worth the trip .
good was excellent and the chopped salad lived up to expectations .
great food !
i have n't been back since , and have n't missed it .
friendly and professional .
it 's always crowded especially on the weekends !
kazimierz has a huge selection of wines .
second of all , the service was lousy .
are you kidding me ?
but the hockey puck $ _num_ burger ; yuck !
i 'm very disappointed in the quality of the food served here .
good food .
i could n't have said it better josh ( 1st review ) !
the server was n't buying .
i would not recommend this place for anything .
it was so great !
sit in the bar , always freindly service .
because its the only place open to get an ice cream float .
i loved the glazed twists !
i believe tony and steve received awards about this .
this place is authentic and awesome !
service was excellent .
the deli slaw was soaked in vinegar .
this is one of the best restaurants in all of arizona by far .
it 's so weird .
they had really great omelets and the coffee was strong !
food taste great _num_ % of the time !
i highly recommend this place , really grateful to have found them !
my family totally loves bahama bucks .
they let me substitute a side item for it which was ok .
and fantastic service !
it was enormous and she took more than half of it home with her .
i would highly recommend these guys !
waiter was very friendly and helpful .
the burger was tasteless and very , very small .
we had a great time .
of course i am not going to live there again after that experience !
my whole family comes here , and has been for years now .
the office is clean , modern and with all new technology .
makes for a very uncomfortable shopping experience .
only went as long as i did because it was walking distance .
nice fast dinner in a nice and cozy place .
the total bill for _num_ was $ _num_ with no alcohol !
they are always really caring a patient with us .
i got a flavored mojito , and it hit the spot .
thank you ladies !
this was the worst sushi place i have been to .
we could not wait to move out of there .
great old school charm , wonderful food !
i 'm definitely coming back again and again and again and again .
great food , fantastic ambience and great staff .
if you can , pick another place to get your education .
i will be returning .
it was delicious !
thanks !
nice and clean !
hands down better than the tv shows ... always great and always kind .
that should have been a clue for me not to take him .
great food and great environment .
horrible .
i 'd recommend avoiding this and going across the road to pizza re .
we started with a house salad and enjoyed that quite a bit .
she stated that no one had ever requested this before .
two words : happy hour .
my best friend loves their hamburger ( big ! )
the employees at this location are rude and they have cockroaches .
my favorite new mexico mexican food restaurant in the entire valley .
thank you , mark !
see you out there !
the families are so appreciative and it does good for your heart and theirs .
their happy hour is also very good .
it took awhile to get out drinks and food .
did not enjoy that all .
all in all - loved it !
it is a very classy salon was very friendly and accommodating service .
solid italian deli in phoenix .
hell no !
i did n't see or taste anything that would make me want to return .
always tired at the end of the day .
i thought it was an enjoyable restaurant .
i 've met some great people there too .
drink were awful .
stetson salad !
overpriced and forced to wait for everything .
had delicious tacos on taco tuesday .
turns out it has an expiration date within _num_ days .
the pizza had very little sauce and was incredibly dry !
so i went to my neighbors house and use their phone .
i got the carne asada burrito & it was delicious .
i was in tonight and both bartenders were amazing , especially the young man !
both of our water glasses had been empty half the meal .
all were delicious .
terrible experience .
thanks for all you do for my `` kids '' .
it really is a good time .
there was no service at the bar save for some water .
great office .
the place was packed on a thursday evening but we had great service .
highly recommended !
the crispy fried duck was delicious when coupled with the spicy sauce .
we basically told him to screw off then walked home .
great park .
my husband and i went to the salt cellar for our anniversary .
six of us went to dinner on saturday evening to celebrate a birthday .
always good service , never a wait , was quick for take out too .
lost points though for adding in an auto gratuity for subpar service ) .
totally not necessary but greatly appreciated !
very friendly amd attentive !
they did a great job !
more importantly , they take excellent care of my son 's teeth .
this place is not worth the time .
very painful !
homemade chips and salsa !
simple , delicious .
since i 'm a `` spicy meatball '' myself .
if not , lock your doors .
worst service ever with a completely incompetent staff .
manager tells me they do n't cook their fish all the way .
friendly chat from the three barbers .
my husband $ _num_ rib-eye steak was also extremely salty and terrible .
great course to work on your short game !
food was decent and reasonably priced .
friendly , polite .
the rice was hard , the beans were dry .
i love coming here .
i will definitely bring my vehicles back again !
i gave up , called my regular mechanic who sent a tow truck out .
it 's a little pricey but well worth it .
my spaghetti and meatballs was pure garbage .
not alot of people there either ... for a friday night .
good food and service .
very limited menu is uninspired .
next time i 'm in old town , i 'm definitely coming back !
the menus is good with decent prices .
it was just too much food for one person .
dr wright has actually cost me money now and i 'm not happy !
this family-owned restaurant is so awesome .
the people who helped me at the market were also super wonderful .
we would love to come back to this restaurant and would highly recommend it !
full menu and fun interior ( pink , pink and more pink ) .
good grub !
so helpful and friendly .
the balance of flavors was just spectacular and the amount of food was plentiful .
the staff is helpful and attentive .
very pleasant .
specials are not mentioned .
i had it delivered and they delivered by a timely manner .
nice staycation .
seriously great place .
not a big deal , the guys were cool .
their pizza crust is really good .
why is this place busy ?
very clean .
usually , it is piping hot .
she then told me that not all the candies was for me to take .
this grandma only offered me .
absolutely the best _num_ cent , marinated barbacoa tacos you will find anywhere around .
kids meal options were a nice change .
the menu and the service is amazing !
i 'm not sure what happened but this place went downhill fast !
you ca n't beat great service !
good food friendly service and a great location .
they gave me the lowest quote and the best service .
one of my favorite desserts !
it was all excellent and so were our servers .
the burger confused him , i guess because it normally comes in a meal .
will definitely come back .
our server was prompt and pleasant .
had a great stylist who was very thoughtful and their service was fantastic !
very good thin crust pizza .
christopher at the front desk was lovely and made check in a snap !
the women were are all gorgeous and plentiful .
i had the tamales and they were the best i 've ever had !
$ _num_ for the nachos ?
i had corned beef with eggs over easy hash browns and toast .
absolutely the best green corn tamales i have ever tasted !
staff is great here .
the service was also horrible i asked for a desert menu twice .
everything i 've had here is good .
he gave me a few extra sauces too .
he recommended amazing dishes .
everything is prepared just right .
from the service to the food and the atmosphere everything is really good .
when we arrived , they were unable to locate the car in question .
had vegan options - spring rolls and dumplings , excellent , beautifully prepared .
nice atmosphere .
there was blue dye all over my walls .
it was by far the worst service i have experienced in a long time .
they have such a massive variety already cold which is amazing .
what a steal !
i wish i could leave more stars .
i think that this place has the worst service !
milk depot has the best salsa in the valley of the sun .
service was very food and food was great .
perfect to take to work for lunch .
went in on a sunday with a sunday only coupon .
she just knows what to do to make me look amazing .
they are definitely animal lovers !
and toni is a wonderful server !
bashas has gone downhill .
took my family and enjoyed some live music .
great complex .
we got there _num_ minutes early to get a good table .
the upside is that the food is great and the prices are even better .
place is truly a gem !
great variety , great coffee , fresh donuts .
i did get a brand new washer and dryer for my unit , though .
the waffle cone was fresh and crunchy and the ice cream portions are generous .
friday came , saturday went by no word .
great job and on time .
bed springs were broken on the bed .
dr kyle and his office staff are the best !
definitely check it out .
excellent food !
that 's good stuff !
wait staff was great , and the outdoor seating by the waterfall is beautiful !
i recommend the the works and any bowl of soup .
not to mention he did not write down what we ordered the first time .
it 's always packed every day here with a line out the door !
avoid this place at all costs !
so obnoxious .
the food at this place was quite greasy and lacking flavor .
the best chinese food chain around !
one of the best pizza spots in the area !
very disappointing .
i could n't believe it !
the lamb chops are succulent and savory .
great prices and a lot of food .
i am a huge fan of a deal !
super clean as always .
i did n't end up ordering dessert because the vibe just was n't comforting .
and to top it off the guy could have cared less .
after the show was over , our waitress came by with our bill .
i felt so bad for recommending the place i picked up the bill .
great place to get a drink and relax .
it 's probably wise to make a reservation for this place .
thats my kind of fun , and still very family friendly .
good stuff .
it will be just as good as it was in the restaurant .
the ribs were smoky and delicious and the iced tea was divine .
the happy hour is immaculate .
really guys , this stew is phenomenal .
great burritos .
just tasted like heavily battered tasteless chicken .
it was friggin ' cold , but it was terrific !
the dude who took my delivery order was really rude .
nice romantic place .
bad business !
gross .
it was just so-so .
a very disappointed former customer .
so i must be crazy that they have been here so many times before .
the best !
the bill was $ _num_ for two , with a tip .
the employees there are very knowledgeable and friendly .
the staff are very friendly .
highly recommend !
keep up the good work !
it 's tuned to the soul .
she apologized and offered comps for any upcoming show .
some if the staff very unprofessional and program really does n't work .
be very weary and go elsewhere .
was n't the best , but way better than the butter !
a few days later they called me again to set up an appointment .
all of their work is quality .
great selection , family owned vibe and the stuffed pasta shells were fantastic .
wrong .
waitstaff all friendly !
she could care less to see me hurting .
chicken wrap was so so but the open face steak sandwich was delicious .
also the two times i have been there the place has smelled like mildew .
so sad .
especially if you want something spicy , he 's got something for you .
a must do place .
they will even cook you a piece so you can try it .
great place for waxing too !
great service and open late !
the nails are sloppy , sharp and uneven .
i took a bridesmaid dress in _num_ weeks before the wedding .
everything was good here .
and the pizzas were just mediocre .
this is my go-to place in my new neighborhood !
by the way , we never did get that sauce delivery .
very welcoming and relaxed .
the food is fresh and full of flavor .
nice place to take visitors from out of town .
walgreens corporate should send secret shoppers .
everyone was great .
they have the best happy hour and daily specials around .
i would recommend giving it a try !
always amazing : chefs testing at the bar is out of this planet !
what the other _num_ people were doing , i have no clue .
ummm thanks , but no thanks .
will not be back here .
best deli in phoenix !
great donuts , a little hard to find but worth the hunt .
a+ !
it 's very nice to be treated so well .
my cousin recommended going here .
drink selection , especially the wine is exquisite .
highly recommended !
incredible attention to detail in the decorating .
love burrito express !
great location with an incredibly authentic feel .
i rate a place on their tiramisu ( awesome ! )
great service and prices on new tires for my truck .
very friendly staff .
i will return !
i would recommend them to anyone .
the service was horrible .
overall good place .
we 'll be back again next time we need something !
it costs money to park and they do n't have many spaces .
service is super fast and friendly .
they have terrible customer service , especially at the corporate level !
respect !
loved it !
the new yorker was amazing .
sound like they have some real money issues beware .
my friend and i were both disappointed with our ( $ _num_ ! )
great great great service !
great job management !
shredded beef tacos are excellent as well .
it looked and tasted like it came from a box .
happy hour prices were not honored on the patio .
and they have the best selection in town .
really fun !
delicious place , so glad i got to come here !
service was fast and friendly .
best pizza west of the mississippi .
_num_ word for this place - nope !
my boss would n't eat anything else !
also the gym is huge but none of the equipment works !
great customer service !
the whole process was pleasant .
we sat at the bar which was fun and had the best service !
great !
anyways , great atmosphere , friendly staff and really good food .
love this place for their orange blossom beer .
it is a hole in the wall kind of place .
with tip we laid out right around $ _num_ and will not be returning .
next time i wo n't be so shy about returning bad food .
the outdoor patio was perfect .
the pizza is great ... and big .
embarrassed to have brought my family there .
it 's a gym !
prices are great , you really ca n't beat 'em .
boba at 4am is amazing .
very reasonable priced as well .
we had a really nice time .
their eclectic menu is fun to browse .
this would be expected when you drop $ _num_ for a pizza .
they are one of the best in the area !
johnny is the most amazing bartender and best customer service there is .
stove , refrigerator are very old and not energy save .
i highly recommend them .
the clear noodles are my favorite .
we love coming here !
at the point our food arrived , we still had no utensils .
we go there often and enjoy our meals every time .
and i will highly recommend this place .
the food was delicious and presentation was just amazing .
the food was actually pretty crappy , although the fries were good .
my favorite restaurant in town .
the gentleman did have an attitude .
the patio is so relaxing , and beautiful !
have gone there about _num_ times over the last years .
karen is amazing !
our waiter was superb and his recommendations were all spot-on .
i really hate this branch of pita jungle .
fantastic service and great food .
worst of all , it cost almost $ _num_ !
the location is nice and clean , i will definitely be back !
all these things , i could get over .
mark diagnosed it and repaired it first try .
the feet , legs and quick shoulders massage was great !
the milkshakes are delicious they have so many flavors but chocolate is the best !
i highly recommend marina 's jewelry .
thanks penske and anthony !
nicole has always been very rude and short .
they were so nice and accommodating .
they really have the best wings .
it is the one thing i will always do when visiting phoenix .
will not be going here again .
right in our area and always friendly service .
the downstairs units are horrid for one major reason .
food was poor , service indifferent .
had a wonderful dinner at j & g .
one of the best places to get hot wings and i mean hot !
the service is really great .
we walked in about _num_ minutes before closing .
the food is amazing .
when i got to my room , my impression immediately changed .
slow , snobby and inattentive .
the calzone was delicious as was the chicken marsala !
you can wait in line to check out for _num_ min .
horrible .
best baklava in the state of az !
the chips and salsa are really good as well .
wrong .
and they are supper fast and really good prices .
kept clean and organized .
fantastic experience .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .
great food and awesome service .
thank you !
our server checked on us throughout the meal and everything perfect .
the manager richard makes you feel like home , taking care of little details .
showed up here on a beautiful saturday morning ... after a night of drinking .
it was a second floor unit , which was wrong .
center for dermatology is an outstanding practice .
recommend you get there early .
there 's no way out of that contract .
other than that , we did n't see her at all .
fun times for sure .
but it 's still delicious and i ca n't wait to go back again .
their chorizo , potato and egg burrito is also excellent .
it is a beautiful venue with great acoustics .
definitely a reasonable price too .
they have a huge selection at great prices .
the staff takes their job ... and product ... very seriously .
great customer service .
they have consistent quality and a great tasting product !
i immediately lost my appetite !
a far cry from actual new mexico food .
still the greatest pizza out here in the west !
she was clean , professional very knowledgeable .
the manager was not apologetic at all .
intimate and elegant the way we wanted our night to be !
excellent from start to finish .
everyone loved the food , and the drinks were tasty too .
i love reliable and local businesses like these .
you can really see and taste that they make there own chorizo .
unbelievable .
good service .
the fried pickles were nothing to write home about .
not $ _num_ more .
what a great place !
if you 're reading this , i guess they have n't yet .
always a plus !
clean restaurant with nice presentation of offerings displayed .
his service was excellent and so was the food .
they never call and say they are running late .
we to the amazing thai bistro on a friday night .
their sandwiches are quite gourmet and amazing .
their sourdough and wheat are good .
great sandwiches .
best barber i 've ever come across .
do not go to this restaurant !
a month passes by and we find out that rep was fired .
me : i 'd like to get this skirt hemmed .
i did at least get my money back .
and , the restaurant is showing quite a bit of wear and tear .
short term memory apparently since they were still on main entree .
great drinks , helpful waiter and phenomenal chicken flat bread .
great bar , awesome staff .
very nice place !
price was pretty good .
there is ample room for dancing and taking pictures !
the quiche was a pleasant surprise .
i am extremely displeased and disappointed .
i 'm literally just sitting here waiting .
i was really hoping that it would be better .
i 'm not exactly sure who is expected to buy a back issue here ?
i got the bacon wrapped filet ... amazing !
side order of cheesy garlic bread .
great service and delicious food !
love love love it !
would recommend to anyone .
sometimes , it does n't .
it was depressing school !
great ambiance .
patio has a great atmosphere at night .
friendly staff , fun atmosphere , good food , cheap pricing .
there was no other customer in the store .
abby did a wonderful job on my color and cut .
i will definitely be returning soon !
good area , safe ... ca n't really ask for more !
they have great prices and amazing clearance racks !
trash cans overflowing , juice spilled on floor ignored .
well as soon as we walked in , it was a joke !
love the service !
the food was amazing as well .
filet was ordered really rare and turned up slightly more than rare .
what a great group of guys .
this place is awesome !
not just some , all of them .
never even got a cocktail or anything !
took my daughter there and she loved it !
acoustics are poor as well as the ventilation in the place .
the dinner turned out to be horrible !
the massage was terrible and he used a tiny drop of lotion .
the massage was worth every penny and more .
wow - i had robert 's special and it was delicious .
very nice guys .
what a fabulous staff !
good service , good food , quiet enough for conversation .
they have a nice selection on the menu .
perfect for a group of folks in town to take in some baseball games !
good change from the usual wait .
the service was horrible .
thanks alan !
i do n't see the big deal with this place .
i would recommend them to anyone .
i left this office shortly after my daughters _num_ month check up .
i wo n't even give them _num_ star .
poorly ran facility , i would never recommend or stay here again .
i was super embarrassed and dont carry any other type of payment .
the restaurant was also great .
he looked rather angry that i did not leave him a tip .
cookies were delicious !
absolutely delicious !
love their salsa bar .
i love the honesty too .
did n't they close already ?
no one arrived on tuesday .
my favorite local pizza joint .
wow , this place is made for huge groups , not intimate at all !
the acoustics also do n't seem very good there .
i loved that each dish had layers of flavor that all worked well together .
_num_ minutes passed by .
, & they give you these garlicky , warm bread sticks ( free !
the fruit was so fresh and my meal was exactly what i needed .
i would not recommend them .
the flavor was lacking and so was the sauce .
i 'll be back and recommend you all to anyone in need .
the chips were the only good part of my meal .
i 'm always one of them and will continue to be !
you will probably add a few ideas to your memory book .
thanks for adding an extra smile to my day !
great pizza , albeit a little overpriced .
the restroom was a mess .
he was fast , efficient and professional .
sure , i guess you ca n't remember or write it down .
quickly becoming one of our favorites in old town !
we were so happy we made the trip .
all new furniture and a fresh coat of paint .
does not get much worse than this .
i think the only authentic japanese item in this place was my watch .
_num_ workers who had zero sense of urgency .
these shoes look brand new !
we enjoyed everything we ordered .
i have a few friends living here and the place is just too big .
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .
our waitress was awful .
he did n't let me play and check either time after he finished .
the food is top quality and very well prepared .
they also have wonderful customer service .
i did get my one concern covered , but barely got examined .
ugh .
i rented a room and it was too run down to stay in .
i used to come here all the time .
you will love it .
we got lunch specials and left feeling very satisfied .
i would be back constantly ( especially for happy hour ! )
great service by the staff .
about _num_ minutes later some bread arrived which was pretty disappointing .
the food is amazing and the service is exceptional .
manager did not offer solution just that person was new and made a mistake .
what a smart idea .
great experience !
best beer selection i 've come across in a long time .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .
i love bahama bucks !
they have always helped with any issues and i am grateful to know them !
this time around , it was lackluster at best .
do not go there for the free buffet there is a reason its free .
but the service is horrible .
it went on for hours and then i personally lost my shit .
glad i found my new tire shop !
patio fireplace !
i would never go to this restaurant again .
maybe he gets into trouble for not immediately filling up waters or taking plates ?
iced cafe mocha is delicious !
love this place !
gorgeous stadium !
he was very friendly and nice .
the best salsa in town .
first of all they advertise _num_ oil change .
it was ok , nothing special .
the chicken was lukewarm and really funky tasting .
this place is awful !
needless to say i will not be coming back .
nice quiet bar for drinks , and really good food .
never went back .
the place also has a good beer and vodka selection .
i love this place !
took too long .
girl !
thank you to all the staff at eyecare plus .
honestly the worst einstein 's i 've been to .
i had to throw away all of my kitchen supplies and ive only started .
i was so happy to finally have good lobster .
nice looking location with indoor and outdoor seating .
honest , skilled professional team .
i love this place !
the food is great and they have amazing margaritas .
i headed here for supper after a foodie friend highly recommended it .
the noodles are huge and gross .
we had to stay _num_ night in scottsdale on our road trip to texas .
excellent smoky salsa !
i will not do business with them again .
they were both so sweet and helpful .
i 'd recommend checking them out !
food is always great , service top notch and atmosphere is relaxing and inviting .
we cancelled our tv service _num_ months ago .
tasted watered down , no flavor and just tasted like straight sugar .
bought a gift certificate for my significant other .
you may even see the occasional body shot .
the food was just okay but the service was terrible .
the hospital looks very old and dirty .
too bad there are n't minus stars .
the best sushi in the east valley .
both were very friendly , attentive and accommodating for our larger party .
this place is just short of a dump .
stop in sometime ... you 'll be happy you did .
the shredded beef burrito was very tasty .
got food poisoning off a simple caesar salad .
great prices .
this place is phenomenal .
well , as a drinker i can say that the wine is great !
but seriously food is good .
major points lost there .
i 'm happy to say that i 've finally found it .
i would recommend this place .
what a surprise this place was .
rick and pam were very pleasant to deal with .
overall a nice , dark , dive bar with good grub .
on vacation , found this place .
my problem was with her work .
and im always treated like family everytime i come in .
it was nothing special .
i 'm sorry , i expect you to be nice to me .
i love this place .
in the end , you realize , your child is just a dollar sign .
jalapeo pancake was exceptional along with the hash and mushroom omelette .
i am going to start with the worst .
amazing designs !
they did an amazing job and i will def go back !
at this tire pros they really go above and beyond for their customers !
they do n't want your money .
great fresh thai food !
it 's a great way to get your night started .
do yourself a favor and go here !
amazing cannoli 's and great prices on food .
it 's the human touch like this that matter .
the menu has changed ... not for the better .
great atmosphere !
furniture missing .
i 'm just glad to be done with them .
chris the owner , is in one word , amazing .
love supporting a local , family owned business .
you have a god hands keeping it simple thank you .
i went with my family and we were greeted at the door .
fantastic guest service , great stay in old town .
still , i recommend this place often and will be back .
one of the best deli sandwiches in town .
most of the entrees are your typical tex-mex , but still excellent tasting .
keep up the good work !
really great service and food !
the salsa is very good .
we cut off the ends and ate the rest of the pizza .
service was terrible .
erik , the manager is exceptional !
tried the margarita chicken and i loved it .
very friendly staff .
atmosphere is okay .
the staff at old town are always quite professional and are ever so accommodating .
horrible experience !
pf chang 's just ca n't get it right .
however , it 's been a little while since the last visit .
best dentist visit i 've ever had !
a little disappointed as we came for lunch .
but normally good .
love this place they have great pizza and ice cold beer .
italian grotto sucks !
this spa is my favorite in scottsdale az .
i know from experience this is a terrible school .
she is a great teacher and very knowledgeable !
the hostesses were not professional and the servers were even worse !
she explained they do not take them out very often .
huge and long established music store ... .
not a good sign on a hot summer night .
great music and nice people .
rice and beans makes a bland burrito .
great beer selection -- both local and not .
as all employees have previously shown .
always good .
great food , obnoxious bartender , average atmosphere , good service .
these guys are amazing !
it was delicious food and such genuinely good service .
what a fabulous little gem we stumbled upon in the basement !
the pools are heated and huge , and the hotel restaurant has solid food .
we did n't eat which i 'm glad we ate before we came .
just about everything here is top notch .
excellent service by will .
the holiday decoration here was lovely .
fried calamari - perfect .
also did n't get the second cookie which i also paid for .
i used to live near here and this is my favorite safeway .
i literally had to spit out my first bite of sashimi ( tuna ) .
the bartender was very friendly and was quick to serve us .
unacceptable .
fries were cold and beef dip dry however wifey enjoyed the salad .
ca n't wait to see him in person ... .
wonderful crew and a really great venue to have private events .
i wish i could say _num_ stars .
its a gem !
this is unacceptable .
what delicious pizza with great flavors .
i ate here , it was good .
very happy client !
pool is very nice and the residents are friendly .
everyone is so friendly and nice .
the crowd is hit and miss .
just a fun place to dine .
all the techs are great that we 've encountered .
they are no larger than a lemon and are absolutely divine .
she said we ca n't get you in for another _num_ hours .
oh well that was awhile ago and i have went back reluctantly since then .
the staff needs to be educated on there products and customer service .
seems they 've dropped the ball .
definitely recommended !
i recommend them to everyone and i recommend them to you !
stressed about issues with battery , and went to this place .
one star is too high .
all over experience was great and very convenient .
best drive thru mexican food in scottsdale by far .
one of a kind .
beautiful atmosphere , wonderful attentive staff .
the _num_ holes got a lot of excitement indeed !
tasteless , dry yuk !
i trust their opinions , prices , and work without any reservations .
awesome !
however , definitely worth to stop in !
do they get a warning for noise ?
the alternative copy shop is just that , an alternative .
everything here is perfection .
wow !
hands down !
and surely enough , the food sucked !
salads are great , pizza is great go here !
no way .
dr thompson is the most caring amd compassionate dentist i have ever met .
you know , i wish i could write a review of the food .
wo n't be back .
all they want is your hard earned cash .
it was like they had given us a room someone was already staying in .
you get a plate for salsa , and the chips are stale .
seating comfortable .
bread was excellent , turkey fresh , lettuce fine cut .
it 's denny 's .
waste of money .
the service was also great .
rude workers and they were not helpful at all .
i will definitely be back though !
do not use this company .
solid food , cute atmosphere , good service , entertaining window action .
was nasty .
my expectations were so low that my original review was to high !
i love this place !
this is a great little gem in the middle of old town !
the chef came quickly and our food was all prepared in _num_ mins .
when she was done they told me it would be _num_ dollars .
i love this place !
so only _num_ stars .
sesame chicken salad with noodles .
breakfast or brunch at lon 's is consistently delicious .
terrible service and an ice cold pizza !
i was beginning to think that someone else had picked it up .
krystal was our server and she was absolutely delightful .
my bro got a chicken enchilada and a machaca taco .
this place is brand new , clean , and reasonably priced .
i recommend anyone and everyone who needs a good dentist !
nothing fancy , but very good .
avoid this place !
they know how to satisfy their customers and offer quality equipment !
great get away or great place for a work meeting .
the outdoor patio is great !
what were they going to do , wax them off ?
i could have brought in fresher ginger .
simply put , this place has the best breakfast in scottsdale .
tall about going above & beyond .
especially when my receipt reads `` _num_ boneless honey bbq . ''
now i can bring the look of the store to my own home .
this is our favorite pizza restaurant in scottsdale .
super excited to try it out .
he also argued with my _num_ year old neighbor about the entire situation !
the total for _num_ entrees and a few beers was $ _num_ .
ick .
they said there food was ok , but nothing spectacular .
_num_ word : perfect from a to z .
i love everything about this place .
it was n't even the same recipes .
i look forward to visiting again in the future !
honest people , great prices .
they are ok for cleaning the outside , but they rushed the interior detail .
great bar !
fantastic !
the staff was friendly and quick service .
delightful service , atmosphere and food .
it was pretty much perfect , however , this one is not it .
very impressed with depth of his knowledge and explanations .
steak cooked to perfection .
like i said , love it .
worthless sushi .
no plates or napkins ; had to ask twice for them .
terrible service .
definitely would recommend this place .
i love this dentist and his office staff .
without the caesar dressing it 's just a salad .
it is a bit pricey , but definitely worth it .
worst place ever to get your nails done in scottsdale .
i had to wipe dust off the table before i put my bag down .
no water refills , much less drink refills .
i would highly recommend the signature salad !
we would definitely recommend bob 's to friends , family and coworkers !
he is as rude and arrogant as others have mentioned .
kind of deceiving , also i love how really they are open .
ricardo , thank you for taking care of our every dining need !
this should be one of your first calls !
i would recommend them to anyone !
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .
best steak i have ever eaten is at ruth 's chris steakhouse .
great service .
this restaurant was wonderful !
i absolutely could not say it better than alicia b .
great place to watch and game and have yummy food !
in this , breakfast club fails .
no attention to detail .
the sandwiches were good also .
not too mention the service is good , friendly n quick .
very nice and i feel much better .
the landscape is tired and needs help .
she told me i am not allowed back to her store .
worth it !
wow !
its all good .
the ingredients that grace the crust are phenomenal .
great customer service , and most of all , the food is amazing .
it 's mediocre here ... wo n't be going back .
the selection is fantastic and they are always getting more fabrics in !
very clean .
will be back for the food and drinks though !
it seems to always be crowded .
this place looks great after their remodel .
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !
love their food and their passion .
treatments i received were met with marginal benefit .
scottsdale smile center has customer service down to an art .
now , they got rid of the veggie dumplings and have slow waiters .
and such inventory !
the food , frankly sucks .
thanks sonic !
easily one of the best beer bars i 've ever been to .
the decor is very good.
we also ordered the jalapeo shrimp and we both really enjoyed it !
i find this place very unique and fun !
but we never had a waiter come by to take an order .
the atmosphere is always welcoming and the service is always superb .
all of the chicken was pink with areas of red and blood in them .
i have been in scottsdale for _num_ years and passed this place countless times .
you can tell the staff are treated well because they treat their customers right .
we will not be coming back .
bad customer service .
i want nothing to do with a place like this .
do n't want to even give lon 's one star .
he is very gentle and kind .
i will definately be going back and would highly recommend this place to all .
very nice place .
the service was excellent , the menu was very unique .
very friendly and help you with your design .
this store was great .
maybe if we had been drinking it would have tasted better .
they have great live music and a great wine list .
but well worth it !
this is her business , and she puts a lot of herself into it .
now i can say there is an amazing middle-eastern place in scottsdale .
this is a great place to take out of town visitors too .
their staff was very friendly and attentive !
they still failed .
happy to go back and use their services .
i would have given them no stars if it was an option .
the service was inattentive and lacking .
polite , attentive , on time and great prices !
please tip nicely .
the waitress never showed up and ignored our complaints about the fish .
excellent variety , higher end quality and consistency with everything we 've tried here !
i do have to compliment their scallops .
no shit , it 's lasagna .
we arrive on time - no tables were available .
i ordered the lobster and steamed clams , and the clams were very good .
ugh !
it was a horrible experience .
: ( too greasy and no good taste !
always with a smile .
best for take-out over dine-in and a great place to pick up party snacks .
you will be happy with everything you order .
and when u would walk back in the apt it would smell like sewage .
my sister introduced me and fell in love .
loved the beans with sliced sausage , and the swordfish was meaty and fresh .
the set up was very awkward , no ambience .
i love this place .
this place is great , i eat there all the time .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .
dont like your job , dont work there !
i know that other people have raved about their $ _num_ beer happy hours .
ca n't wait to see what else will happen .
urgent care says `` no .
i bought a groupon for a mani-pedi here .
the groomers and especially the owner are top notch and consistently so .
this place is a must go !
breakfast as good as it gets .
the patio is huge and lovely .
well , most of it was healthy !
i love this place .
very good quality !
we will not be back .
nice selection of ice tea .
people are very friendly .
all time favorite restaurant .
very high quality food in a good atmosphere .
first , despite the other reviews i thought the staff was excellent !
great place for a date .
else everything is good here .
great service , great food .
i recommend this place more than anything else i 've ever recommended .
the rice is always fresh tasting and stores so well , its unbelievable .
great selection of wines and some imported beers .
thoroughly enjoyed our stay !
truely a wonderful group of people .
but what a disappointment .
good customer service as well.
then i opted for the penne with chicken and mushrooms in a pink sauce .
i 've had better japanese bakery items elsewhere .
when it 's _num_ out , you 'd rather have a completely enclosed hotel .
this room really felt like a super _num_ suite .
i have tried the apple fritters and they are not good .
just follow her advice and you will love your hair .
i was very impressed with their pharmacy .
fun local bar that features live country western bands and dancing .
love this place .
we recommend the blt salad and big ass burger .
prices are reasonable and the staff is awesome !
both were excellent .
great selection of beers and spirits .
what a great experience !
upon checkout they told me i had a zero balance .
_num_ minutes later ... .
as usual , they were excellent .
the staff was friendly and helpful .
hope that other bartender finds her happy place .
great service and wonderful food .
would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for auto repairs !
we finished off the perfect meal with good conversation and a creme brulee .
seriously the best place around .
no napkins ?
great steak and sides , big fan .
over _num_ hours to get food delivered to table .
so delicious , two thumbs up to the good egg !
this is a family restaurant .
this place is spotless and well organized .
_num_ times up to the service window for butter and once for more rolls .
you only ever see a pa never the doctor .
i pushed it aside and did n't eat anymore .
that 's definitely one of the biggest highlights .
love santisi brothers !
the food i was served was nasty .
jenny is hands down the best !
waste of $ _num_ !
love this place !
they offer one of the best happy hours around .
i would recommend it to anyone wanting latin food .
these were not just small comments and loud laughter , it was much worse .
the huge hot tub is a delight in the winter .
i got a good battery with a good warranty .
all the dishes were with curry stains from lunch .
great customer service .
i think thats about it for me and king gyro .
thanks sean and mark .
such a cute date night spot .
my fiance and i love this place .
omg thank you soooo much !
i rate the experience as followed .
go early , go late , its always good .
wo n't be returning .
this store is terrible !
we all were seated promptly and had amazing service from our server .
they were honest and straight forward .
in his words `` good games , good food and good prizes . ''
my favorite is the chicken kebab , it 's juicy and delicious .
outstanding in both sales and service .
the chairs are comfortable and the wine pours are very generous .
if you sit at a table , you will be ignored .
nice place , friendly staff .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .
it 's fusion done right .
solid .
the service is one of the worst i 've encountered .
bad idea .
i hate writing bad reviews , so i 'm being generous with two stars .
she is miserable ... do not go here !
i 'm from the east coast and i always have trouble finding decent chinese .
i ran into this place on accident , and it was a great surprise !
everything is super cheap but it 's all almost rotten .
i ca n't talk for everyone except for my husband and i .
it was good !
have been here numerous times and all have been a pleasure .
so tasty !
the place is always nice and clean .
comfortable , tasty dishes .
they said _num_ miles is was very , very far away .
lisa marie is an expert !
_num_ wings _num_ ?
prices are good .
the best !
make your friends and family happy !
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !
he will never get another dime out of me.
i loved the old decor .
great service and quality .
great german beer and food .
when we arrived they said that my room was not ready .
the people at this location however are unlike anywhere else , i love them !
the relish restaurant is a very tasty on site burger joint .
best donuts i 've ever tasted .
i will always use these guys !
pizza , pasta and salad ... boo .
great authentic home style cooking .
dave knows his beer and has some nice high % beers to choose from !
the staff was warm and friendly .
got a great deal .
the corn bread is amazing .
i 'll definitely be back asap .
also well stocked groceries & products !
this place is absolutely horrible .
i will definitely be back .
my dog was perfect when he was all done there .
i do n't know what happened but this is n't a nail salon .
is n't that what rent is for ?
they did nothing absolutely nothing to accommodate us or fix their error .
at pick up , the price had increased _num_ % .
my poor dog was in so much pain .
open seating is a nice perk but the best thing is their wine club .
ok , fine , but that 's not my friend 's fault .
come for lunch , eat some chips and salsa , and enjoy !
the white pizza , with tomatoes and basil was very good .
this is a great spot to relax on the patio .
great atmosphere and the pizza was pretty authentic too .
the staff was pleasant and a lot of fun !
it was delicious !
i 'm glad that great customer service can still be experienced at a nordstrom .
their sandwiches are pretty darn good also !
great place for breakfast .
we also enjoyed several wines from their wednesday wine menu .
all the employees were very helpful and i had an amazing experience .
definitely would come back .
it is always good with a very homemade feel .
seemed depressing and old .
later they call and cancel the reservation , no apology , nothing .
i have been coming here regularly for _num_ year .
this one , however , had seen better days i 'm sure .
and the apartments are n't even that nice .
it is a typical upscale american restaurant .
horribly outdated , shabby , can hear neighbors , loud wall unit a/c .
the wait can be long for weekend brunch .
very tasty quick stop .
fair price .
the customer service sucks .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .
if you want someone friendlier you better go somewhere else .
great pizza .
best mahi mahi i 've ever eaten .
knock _num_ times ?
prices on their menu is fair and its a clean environment .
my problem with this place is the bartenders .
the biltmore does n't even charge these prices .
in my opinion , that ruins a small intimate show .
needless to say we 're never coming back .
always a great haircut and the scalp and should massage are always welcome !
pretty good neighborhood place .
i ordered takeout tikka masala and it was horrible .
great guy , amazing dr , amazing staff .
seriously , these people are such assholes .
had an awesome experience here .
two dentists since then have told me the quoted work is unnecessary .
i think this still has my favorite sushi in the valley .
good local run family business !
will definitely be back .
clean place .
thank you baker wee !
i thought it was a really nice place and will be going back .
very easy to work with , and i will definitely use them again .
this is my new steakhouse for sure !
great restaurant with good food and a nice variety .
that 's it for me , i wo n't be back .
he lost a _num_ '' bolt in my engine .
shea was wonderful !
its very tiny inside , but we managed to get a table .
used the bar , got a complimentary drink , completely lacking atmosphere .
there are plenty of other pizza joints around that are a million times better .
the waitress is no where to be found after she takes your order .
check this place out because the drinks are strong and the food is excellent !
carlos the bartender was real nice .
staff is always friendly and most importantly the seafood is always fresh !
gorgeous location .
great food .
wednesday not friday or saturday .
i will say i have had their steak sandwich before and it was amazing !
if you do n't like it go someplace else .
why would any body do business with this company .
great taco for the price .
he will cheat you like he did me .
seriously she the worst so far in mesa in phoenix period !
extremely helpful .
thank you for such a grand business !
good roast beef .
the house salsa is homemade and very good as well .
he just rubbed the lotion on .
do n't be fooled by this `` gourmet '' shit either .
i have only had the pizza which i thought was amazing !
this place is very reasonably priced and in a convenient location next to albertsons .
service was great .
people watching here is the best .
avoid this foul , horrible place !
i recommend the veal tortellini .
which is fine .
terrific spot - recommend reservations if you can .
the guy in the print center is nearly useless and his tone is rude .
the `` old guy `` that someone complained about is very cool !
it was later and not too busy .
very long waits to try on clothing and pay .
good value .
sooo good !
a fun group with a ton of talent .
the hotel front desk host were very sweet and they are all pretty .
she treats you great , does wonderful nails and makes you feel very welcome .
she was getting pissed , and so were we .
always amazing , service , food , setting .
love it !
the art is also affordable enough that regular people are able to buy it .
i ended up doing _num_ pieces for $ _num_ .
very disappointed in the facilities .
it was a huge portion and fresh fish .
has decent coffee .
i love , love , love the furniture here .
incredible food , and impeccable service .
yum it was delicious , i will be back for sure !
every experience i 've had here has been fantastic .
he is truly concerned with your overall physical and emotional health .
razz 's failed on every occasion .
when i sent an email to comment it was not answered for a week .
the pizza is pretty darn tasty too !
excellent local restaurant .
their supplies are fresh , and good quality .
most highly recommended .
so we scheduled dec _num_ for the installation .
my halibut was under cooked and fishy tasting .
way overpriced for food that is mediocre .
fresh ingredients and cooked and prepared perfect .
needless to say , it just sat there .
employees are so nice and always willing to help .
the guy and gal team that is here makes the place .
big church , very welcoming .
what a waste of time .
blah food .
steak perfect ... prawns amazing .
its not for the faint of heart though .
he said it was delicious ... .
too greasy , and pretty bland , to be honest .
the food was very good .
walked around for 30-45 minutes trying to find what i wanted .
desserts are straight-forward and well executed .
pita house has the best lunch deal in scottsdale !
ridiculous .
great happy hour and the food is always amazing .
i quickly ran to the walmart to buy some towels .
it looked like some kind of hollandaise sauce .
horrible customer service !
the food is always great and came in a good amount of time .
one of my favorite breakfast places .
so tonight i thought i would give it another chance .
glad i stumbled across this place and will definitely be back for more !
that 's how beautiful the building and surrounding area is .
the service here is awful !
i normally enjoy coming here .
an amazing production that was just $ _num_ a ticket .
i also had some burn marks on my shirts .
my kiddo loves to help and loves to push her own cart .
one of my fav restaurants in town !
the food is better than most mediocre mexican restaurants but not worth the hassle .
brow bar is fabulous also !
thanks !
skip it .
the dessert was the best part for me .
the grounds and restaurant are very nice with an authentic desert feel .
she 's always so helpful !
pasta is awesome , especially mama 's lasagna !
everyone is so friendly and attentive .
the environment is amazing as well as the customer service and the provided services .
the rice was cold and crunchy and the beans were extremely salty .
i love the decor of this place .
i know they are bad for me but they taste so good.
poor customer service and very unprofessional staff !
no explanation -- nothing .
the ceviche had a very sour taste and was loaded with red peppers .
always a great selection of seasonal fruit & veggies .
another man was also waiting , at the hot chicken dinners to go area .
he stated the patio was full and it would be a thirty minute wait .
complete rip off in every way .
this place is great !
so i asked why i would be getting the free chocolate .
my favorite sushi place ever !
i should have just got my norm bowl of cereal .
this is been one of the worst experiences ever in a restaurant .
the best sashimi in the valley !
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .
i love their tofu and veggies .
every time i go there , the service has been great .
consistently good food and good service !
good food at good prices .
hardly romantic when you sitting sweating in a dark room in an uncomfortable chair .
sat there for _num_ minutes before getting up and leaving .
they have outside dining and dancing with live music on saturdays also .
the salsa was outstanding .
the staff were all very friendly and genuinely nice .
very caring and friendly staff .
still broken .
very quaint with a local feel .
truly loved the rooms , landscaping , food and amenities .
this place is amazing .
as a result , i would not recommend this apartment to anyone .
the crust is perfect .
probably from a bottle or can , was not fresh brewed .
great place for a quick , cheap drink , and great staff .
the food is upscale american classics , like green chile mac & cheese .
they look miserable behind the counter instead of happy to accomodate their customers .
they ca n't possibly mess that up .
great location , casual setting , good food , what 's not to love ?
everything just lacked flavor .
staff is pretty good ( despite some language barrier ) .
spent one night here during a drive across country and loved it !
pizza by the slice !
great haircut at a great price and friendly service !
despite my stating - i do not want anything above a standard oil change .
you suck , real bad .
the wine list was well crafted , thoughtful and fairly priced .
both doctors are wonderful .
same freshness as the salsa in the restaurant .
this is the place !
its well worth the drive if you do n't live close by .
she made our first experience so special and really went out of her way .
this was a great pick .
both the pizza and the sandwiches are simply excellent .
i guess anyone who has to go to work is just out of luck .
went here for a friends wedding and let me tell you.
best spring training stadium in az !
yummy charming spot .
great !
thank you for the good service !
very diverse asian menu !
every station is full and the energy is high .
my husband and i went in on a friday night .
the captain was great .
the owner is easy to get a hold of when i had an issue .
our server was amazing .
so it must be an $ _num_ repair thing .
this is by far the best restaurant in arizona .
they serve south western style cuisine and do a great job with it .
i trust them with my clothes , and encourage you to do the same !
so i tried again to just get one donut at around 10am .
we got our drinks and food quickly !
and annoying .
finally a decent place to order take-out from !
love the daily soup special .
i always order their combo meals and my husband loves the green chili .
went to redeem a birthday coupon .
blooming onion was a grease pit .
it 's a very relaxing spot .
put sweet cakes on your to do list !
no thanks .
great place for when you want to enjoy desert views and outdoor seating .
it was bland , rubbery , uninspired , and $ _num_ !
staff is super friendly too .
what the hell did i just eat .
it 's been _num_ months since his last surgery and is doing awesome !
i highly recommend and i am a customer for life .
over all suzanne 's was extremely rude and not helpful .
the salsas used to be so much better and more flavorful .
i would give it a zero if possible .
that 's too much .
what a great group of employees !
that 's probably how the holes became so .
sushi chefs also very friendly .
also , their rice is almost always too dry .
long story short ... still love santisi brothers and will return often .
then we got a large pepperoni pizza and added meatballs .
it makes the time fly by .
fresh , organic country potatoes and pancakes made just how i wanted them .
the room was spotless , with new modern furniture and full of amenities .
the portions are huge and the food is always tasty and fresh .
everyone always so friendly , does a great job and is very accommodating .
i enjoy this place for the lunch buffet .
if they questioned anything , he would get incredibly short with them .
i think this is an absolutely premier course .
his hand rolls and specials are some of the best in town .
this is a favorite shopping stop .
we got the greek salad to start which was fresh and delicious .
i have been taking my for dogs here for several years .
you 're wasting a lot time and money if you come here period !
i 've eaten here before and ate the buffet .
great pizza and wings .
not accommodating at all .
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .
the drink my wife ordered was watered down .
great pasta bar on sunday 's .
i moved in to sun king in july of this year .
the food was pretty good , service was reasonable .
great job angel !
pretty cool place .
chicken or lamb does n't matter , they are both very good .
they help me stay fit and healthy .
terrible prices !
enjoy !
neat setting in a very high end residential area .
we will definitely be back !
t-bone steak & eggs dinner is the hidden gem on the menu !
funny thing too ; their spaghetti and meatballs are fantastic !
a simple yes or no would have done .
such a great find for authentic mexican marinated meats , baked goods and produce !
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .
high quality food , wonderful atmosphere .
this is clearly a place to see great musicians and artists .
great experience !
the service is attentive .
oh and she gives a fantastic scalp massage too !
thank you .
uh , forget it .
it was over cooked , mushy , and tasted old .
no stars granted .
fast forward to today .
they never returned my calls .
i hated living here !
horrible experience !
i will keep going to her forever !
love this place .
but no !
the employees are all very friendly , and their is nothing like leaving happy .
my favorite chinese spot .
i want to note that the restaurant staff were friendly and cheerful .
place is small , machines are even smaller , and prices are outrageous .
do n't waste your time !
love new tokyo !
the staff is very friendly and helpful as well .
pleasant surprise , ambience is a little like eating at home .
best mexican food ever , and the owner and employees are so gracious !
once we got inside it was all good .
this is where you go to learn how sushi can go wrong .
they make a fine pie .
wish there was a negative star .
a very disappointed former customer .
the place is awesome .
when the room is full the sound level gets pretty high .
great design , amazing view !
the sandwiches tasted bland and cold cuts were dry .
yes i am pissed .
organic food that 's good for you for affordable prices ?
the menu and the chef is _num_ star phenomenal !
i think the potatoes may have been boiled a few days before .
they do what they are supposed to do and they do it well .
this was horrible .
everyone loved it !
it was so good !
the dining room was pretty cozy and had nice atmosphere .
however , this food was sub par .
i love to come and wander around at least once a month .
all _num_ of us thoroughly enjoyed all of the dishes .
this place is really fun .
highly recommended !
wow !
ps , god save you if you try to play music at the pool .
my sisters who live here introduced us to this lovely restaurant .
are you kidding me ?
food was served to us cold and was not very good .
staff is very friendly and helpful .
definitely would recommend !
it is by far the best italian deli in az .
nope - worth the drive to mesa .
i enjoy the small hometown feel of the restaurant .
enjoyed the whole experience very much .
i give _num_ stars purely due to their amazing happy hour .
love barro 's pizza !
love the store .
the fries were so stale and cold that my appetite was lost completely .
the was the worst maintained course i 've played on , maybe ever .
it is spacious and well organized .
there were twelve in our group and ten of the twelve meals were unacceptable .
maybe we just did n't luck out , but our tour guide was horrible .
also ... the normal price for a pedicure is $ _num_ .
just walked in their showroom and left after a few minutes .
it was a great experience .
they keep changing management cause they are horrible .
this will definitely be my go-to place for all bicycle matters going forward .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .
i do n't know why people hype this place so much .
really a shame because this venue could be amazing .
love it !
very highly recommended .
friendly staff , good drinks and a good location .
delicious !
thank you for purchasing the groupon for made in the shade !
good food .
not impressed .
elmer , i love you .
went there on thursday and ordered something i am very used to ordering .
my cousin is a regular here and loves it .
good atmosphere tv 's everywhere for sports .
they did a great job .
want a great little caf !
wow , i am grateful .
even my parents , who had n't had persian food before , enjoyed it .
they 're the best !
i 'm happy to pay $ _num_ if the atmosphere stays nice !
love the jazz with the wine ... .
i am so impressed with the quality of the breads !
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !
he is clean , fluffy , handsome and happy .
a great _num_ star experience .
this place is delicious .
i dont think its as good as everyone says it is .
professional and friendly , even at _num_ a.m. !
i love this place .
service was terrible .
service was so great !
well done !
the espresso is excellent .
sat at the bar last time we went and the service was spot on .
i love grandma 's kitchen !
they are wonderful !
the tuxedo walleye was great .
this must 've been a not so good night in the kitchen .
i love this store and wish i found it soon .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .
will definitely go again .
great wine list and great place to take someone special .
the machaca burrito was super good .
this place is awesome .
the naan was bland , and a little soggy .
everything came out exactly as ordered and tasted great .
delicious .
the guy came and talked for about _num_ hours .
unhappy customer .
this restaurant holds special meaning to my husband and i .
but not the horrible treatment .
the sandwiches are also very good .
went during happy hour .
left to have dinner elsewhere .
i am not a fan of cold , soggy french fries .
i wore it and felt good in it .
we went late on a saturday night and had a good experience .
yes , he ate it and the empty bowl it was so good .
definitely recommend.
honest service fair prices .
going there is one of the best memories i have with my dad .
this is a great , if pricey , italian restaurant .
great food and great beer !
the food was inventive and very , very tasty .
craig was our server and was the absolute best !
it was my first time , but was not impressed .
incompetent thieves !
pretty amazing .
extremely slow and half ass pedicure .
good job guys !
i had another fantastic experience at steven paul salon .
you could n't have put less effort into this dish if you tried .
them only having one server for dinner on a weekend ... strike one !
recommend to sit at sushi bar and watch his skill !
i love everything about it !
the service was professional and attentive and the atmosphere calm and welcoming .
love this place !
the marquee just plain stinks .
the nail service i received was very good .
she was helped with care and dignity .
the woman doing my nails ( loan ) was very nice and professional .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .
a cool , laid back feel .
so bizarre , so i politely asked him why ?
this family owned business takes great care with providing a quality product .
i would highly recommend the antique wedding house for your wedding !
and it was the best menudo i have ever had .
no answer to several attempts .
they are serving up extremely mediocre mexican food .
man just so disappointing .
she just stood there staring and would n't really answer any questions .
so far so good !
i had the pad thai with shrimp and chicken and it was delicious !
i have already recommended them to others .
he told me no problem .
this place has the real deal and they are very inexpensive .
great persian food .
terrible experience with the staff .
and apparently you do n't get marinara sauce with your bread sticks .
let 's keep it that way !
the service and the food is always spot-on .
this was just _num_ of the items on my list .
please upgrade !
the staff are all very nice and happy to work .
terrible service !
the bun was ok , and it came with pickle , onion and lettuce .
missed opportunity .
pure ripoff .
the lady behind the deli counter was really nice !
good food , great staff .
instead of getting treatment , i walked out .
it was very good !
great little atmosphere .
the server was really nice and attentive and got our drinks and food order .
this place does n't even deserve a freakin star at all .
thank you scott !
it was crowded there so i started gathering my stuff .
wow !
ridiculous .
highly recommend the good egg for a great breakfast with great service .
overall , it 's a nice place and good food .
hands down service is great .
definitely going back !
bacon is really good .
it is clean and professional inside .
i would n't suggest eating here , there 's no reason to .
excellent drive thru dude !
i will not bring my dog back and advise everyone else not to .
ordered spicy tuna roll and the thing came out ice cold .
wo n't make this mistake again .
enterprise has definitely gone downhill !
you 're gon na need it .
totally willing to recommend mark kia to my friends and family .
and the people that work here are just great as well .
so my first visit to this place was back in _num_ .
no , lady .
cameron was very attentive .
they do it right all the way down to the lemonade .
long story short , i was disappointed with all of those .
i did n't smell it or taste it at all .
the patrons and bartenders were super friendly and made us east coasters feel welcome .
always has been smelly _num_ me .
however everyone was pretty short and rude .
service was friendly and the restaraunt was very clean .
i love this restaurant !
the food here is delicious !
all the pizzas sound good and i want to try each one .
yes , please .
caesar salad was also really good - not drenched in dressing .
we enjoyed the friendly service .
a fun hole in the wall bar .
under promises and over delivers !
every term i have taken there has been an utter and complete disaster .
till then , spend your thirsty dollars elsewhere .
i get frustrated and leave .
at _num_ am , the place had no other customers .
i recommend trying the different wine flights ... found many new favorites that way !
no way i can recommend this place for sub sandwiches or deserts .
for _num_ days , seriously ?
our server was very attentive and sweet .
great service at a great price .
you ca n't beat the price , and they do deliver .
the place was clean and inviting which is super important to me .
i 'm really disappointed .
everyone was nice , received our food pretty quickly .
love the vibe of this cute breakfast spot .
the last three times we have been here the service has been terrible .
i give it four stars for being new and bright and nicely laid out .
the furniture there is really cute !
the only good thing about this place is the people watching .
the tacos had a really good crunch and flavor .
also , do n't touch anything in here .
atleast i can get a sandwich there much quicker .
unfortunately , don had gone to lunch .
it was so good _num_ people killed a large !
if you want quality and personal service this is it !
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .
my doggies are in good hands .
the chips and salsa are delicious and they keep them coming .
_num_ hour and _num_ minutes later we finally got a table .
ok , so this hostess brings silverware , chips and menus at different times .
horrible experience .
loved the whole experience !
i would not refer this apartment complex to anyone .
thanks guys !
last time i visited the staff was horrible .
`` we sell bags of ice here if you would like some ice '' .
love this place for it 's wine list and great appetizers .
blue adobe knows how to make some killer new mexican dishes .
the receipt was put on the counter and the associate walked away .
thank you bandera , i will be back !
they are accommodating to kids as well .
the food is amazing as well .
once our food finally came out , things didnt get any better .
knows her stuff !
the servers have always been pleasant as well .
stephanie is the best !
it is just divine !
their side dishes are great as well .
today it 's a whole new story !
the tanning rooms are extremely tiny , and the ceilings and walls are gross .
gross !
waited about _num_ minutes , no big deal .
old fashioned ice cream parlor and the ice cream is super good .
very good sub .
plus i hate places that do n't offer chips and salsa for free .
i will make sure no one i know would go to them !
even the chunks of avocado had brown spots on them .
and the service was great .
it 's sooo good because they make it fresh .
so you just lost your employees money as well .
awesome little dive bar , great juke box , great service , great atmosphere .
the staff is really nice and the food is excellent .
great location .
horrible service !
any flavor i 've had , i 've loved .
the food is great but the service is horrible !
i go here every single week .
the staff is friendly and helpful .
both our food and our wine came out very quickly .
worth going to and then trying some others .
worst breakfast experience ever .
super yummy ice cream !
great food and drinks with fillet mignon .
great food and atmosphere .
the hosted threw mad amounts of attitude to my very pregnant friend .
i 've found my new pedi home .
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .
worse service i have ever been to !
impressed !
it has gone downhill !
the stuffed eggplant was also bland .
someone at the table had a bean tostada it was mostly lettuce .
one of our favorites restaurants .
and they are honest .
no more cesar salad and now , no more potato skins .
do not go to this la fitness , or any other for that matter .
great pizza .
sure does n't say that anywhere either .
great food and service in a western modern like setting .
the petit filet was perfect .
no more .
terrible drinks .
this is a cute little pasta joint .
other than that the food was not great and barely good .
i love the ambience .
this place is a little gem .
couple days later , it was just as bad .
he was obviously embarrassed and apologetic .
he did one class ( about _num_ kids ) in _num_ minutes .
cookies are wonderful too !
i had a cheesesteak last time i was there and it was great .
best breakfast you can get in chandler .
quesadillas are extremely lacking .
horrible .
disgusting and foul .
we get there for 5:30 reservation and the place is empty .
prices are good .
the pizza here is so good .
cooked to perfection and the dressing on the greens was perfect !
i would recommend it .
the line moved fast and the ambience was welcoming and calm .
great food and atmosphere and you have to try the cowboy salad .
awesome happy hour prices and the bartenders are very good .
the crowd is always fun and chill .
i love tony !
something is fishy here .
this will definitely be my go to spot !
service sucks and they are dishonest .
the food was ok , but the service was awful .
did n't know i was going to an international airport .
i actually had better fajitas at baja fresh for half the price .
this place has the best grilled cheese sandwich i 've ever had .
my favorite breakfast place around , and their lunch is good too !
my friends and i were treated so rudely by not _num_ but _num_ bartenders .
the rest was very disappointing .
i wo n't be back again ate being told to leave .
the food is delicious , the portions huge , the prices reasonable .
their arrogant california attitude ruined this home to so many people .
if you love what they make great .
i wish i could give it ten stars !
that 's what you call a great waiter .
you lost customers .
just had lunch here and it was pretty good .
yet , our server was below average ... way below .
this is like a real mom n pop mexican joint .
ordered a chai tea latte at barista bar which was very good .
this place rocks , so fresh and delicious totally satisfies !
the product is top shelf and the service is always great .
bring your friends to this show for a great time .
quality staff and atmosphere .
ron explained everything to where i was able to understand completely .
great dinner , great prices , great service !
grazie is a special place to me .
the card clearly said free gel pedicure , which is a $ _num_ value .
always great service with super friendly staff .
absolutely love this place .
there is just no other way to say it .
returned for a graduation party and they 're still awful .
this place is so wonderful .
they were dressed nice , and we had been out to the pool .
even if we ordered starters first everything is served at the same time .
excellent touch .
first shop i checked out after moving to the phoenix area .
take these few reviews as a bad sign and keep looking !
go to free car show at indian bend any saturday .
the staff is very friendly and really helpful if you need some recommendations .
as an added bonus , the prices are extremely reasonable .
this is worth a stop .
`` why not complain to management '' you say ?
i love this place .
i 'm not even sure where to begin .
that clearly did not help at all .
he tells me try back next weekend .
vito 's is great .
quality is so much more than the chain italian restaurants .
but the steak ... .
definitely go !
service has always been efficient and friendly and the atmosphere is nice .
a couple of buddies and i were craving some sushi .
this place is very clean and appointments are quick and easy .
for the money i paid it should have been a _num_ star experience .
it was totally magical .
friendly and accommodating serving staff !
the only thing edible was their cut oranges .
in addition , the hotel staff was also not polite while talking .
this is perfect for me !
authentic italian food and imported wines .
their ham & cheese croissant is so damn good !
this place is about 1/4 mike from my home .
they are always busy and their service is very good .
that 's kind of the beauty of this place .
no bueno !
love this place .
you will always feel welcome .
i will definitely be coming back soon !
never going back !
also , thier patio rules !
makes you feel like a person .
this saved us a ton of money and time .
the bread is very tasty and chewy .
great restaurant for the price and amount of food .
but an hour later , still no delivery of the sauce .
the live music is fabulous .
efficient and well managed .
every bite was delicious .
i always look forward to my next visit .
i loved it and will definitely be back !
great hotel and great staff , but you get charged $ _num_ for internet .
he deserves a raise !
if it was possible to give a _num_ star review they deserve it .
great menu .
i especially love how the staff are attentive .
the staff was very courteous and the views spectacular !
last few times i 've come here my pizza has been wrong .
if he can not help you he can point you in the right direction .
i went into my room and the disappointment continued .
good solid burrito joint food .
the ladies here are extremely nice !
great people , fresh brewed ice tea , two types and some basic food .
they have some amazing food .
they usually have a live band and great ambiance .
this is my favorite qt .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
no wine menu .
they offer some interesting cocktails - i enjoyed the prickly pear rita myself .
glory to him forever !
best lentils i 've ever had .
the vodka penne was amazing too .
the dry rice was under done and again had the overpowering lemon .
the waiter was friendly and helpful enough .
but the service sucks .
service was horrible , the server was not friendly or attentive .
price is right .
and it 's a fabulous happy hour !
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .
the cover is $ _num_ .
cool .
the staff was very friendly , too .
the shakes hit the spot .
excellent pizza !
we played the golf course and it was immaculate .
i then bit into it only to find it was ham and not sausage .
i recommend getting the bread with it for dipping .
all you have to do is talk with your home room teacher .
was n't too excited about it .
do n't let a poor experience in this place ruin your trip .
it ; s also a great place for wedding gifts .
it took a long time to get our salads .
the lack of consistent fees and policies has hurt my experience .
sound still sucked though , as i was told .
great drinks friendly service and a great place to get some homework done !
entirely too much competition in this area .
definitely a _num_ star restaurant for fine dining .
flavorless and crunchy , yes , crunchy .
i feel bad wasting food but this was not what i imagined at all .
that being said , it was absolutely wonderful .
i rate it a _num_ star !
wonderful food and service in a lovely casual setting .
the service by all the staff was top notch !
the pools were n't quite right .
went for lunch today with a party of _num_ .
plate of chicken fajitas was huge and delicious .
the worst experience of my life .
she was great and she has served us before and always does great .
unless you know exactly where something is do n't waste your time here .
as for massage therapy , pam works wonders !
horrible horrible horrible .
tried to talk to the dj about it and he ignore me .
it was an absolute dream wedding !
excellent place !
i would n't leave my dog here !
horrible .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
it was well worth it .
our kids enjoyed their blueberry bagel .
they also have plenty of frames to choose from .
for horrible service .
highly recommend .
great recommendations and conversation .
they drove it and told me they were n't sure what the problem is .
she 's the best , my hair has never looked healthier !
might be a drive for most but definitely worth it .
we love the atmosphere and the sushi .
becky did my hair and she was awesome !
best sushi i 've ever had !
love the brooklyn slice day or night .
i really missed vegetables and salad .
had a great experience here .
my first bite was cold .
loved it .
best of all , no charge for it .
you do n't play irish music .
the hotel i could not locate one .
great location for outdoor shooting !
good service .
my girlfriend had mongolian chicken with brown rice and a spring roll .
they catered food for us also and all the guests loved it .
yes , that 's why i 'm here today .
i recommend this place .
maybe they need some lessons from the staff at capital grill across the street .
went back to the staff and asked for my money back .
the store is kept clean and offers local products .
always on time , do a great job and enjoyable to chat with .
so for that aspect its part my fault .
it was ridiculous i waited that long .
everyone enjoyed their meals .
it was wonderful .
great drinks .
their lunch specials are amazing , also .
food was well prepared and hot .
half the restaurant was empty .
im not a vegetarian so take this review with a grain of salt .
extremely unprofessional and disappointing .
everything tasted great and was very fresh .
great little place for cold beer after work !
super helpful and easy to work with !
this place is adorable and i love coming here on a laid back evening .
it is bible based and to the point !
the pork and chicken lo mein was very greasy and tasteless .
had the worst restaurant experience , ever , at this establishment .
i recommend the asu devil chicken ... their stir fried veggies are good too .
love the rolls her especially red dragon and viva vegas .
a great hidden gem !
the food is first rate and the sports memorabilia is unreal .
you have been warned , do n't do it !
the cleanest and most well ran resort in phoenix .
she again told me to leave my phone as well .
they are different every week i think so there 's a good variety .
he stands out in a wonderful way from the average chiropractor .
also costco is open sundays to do tires which discount is n't .
austin has been working on my truck since i got it back in _num_ .
come here if you want an honest and hard working business .
shop is small but everyone there really is fantastic .
i had a terrible experience here and would never go back .
the roll was really good .
i 'm not going back again .
very quick & quite good .
had a wonderful waitress and food was amazing !
great for an evening out .
score !
great customer service , great restaurants too !
there is something about that place that brings me a sense of relaxation .
great place to go .
and the prices should n't be what they are for that place at all .
always has current sports games and friendly servers .
needless to say , i will not be going back .
this is not the first time we have been kept waiting either .
the atmosphere was really good .
they gave us those mimosas for free , which was nice .
this time almost on the edge of not worth eating .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !
not an exaggeration .
thanks for being a good neighbor .
they are always willing to help .
this club is absolutely amazing .
these people are n't for the animals , they 're just after the money !
the entire experience in dealing with her was horrible .
definitely a dive but that 's the charm .
the menu 's are old and not all items can still be read .
i do n't like home fries whatsoever .
i do not recommend them to anyone .
internet , laundry , bath facilities were all wonderful .
the property is gorgeous as well as the inside of the hotel .
the customer service was amazing and they were so comforting .
wasted _num_ hrs in drive time , gas money .
beautiful building and a memorable experience .
probably wo n't be going back .
thanks gina !
german owned and you can tell .
i was turned off by the faux wall artwork .
will definitely go back there from now on and recommend to anyone in area .
i just wished i would have believed the reviews .
hands down the most honest auto shop i have ever encountered .
simply one of the best places to get donuts !
love this bakery !
thanks again gentleman ... .
famous sports memorabilia everywhere .
elements is one of those places .
always a good choice !
only for the pomegranate smoothie .
i have stayed at this hotel before .
definitely try it .
very good restaurant !
everyone there from the receptionist to the mechanics were incredibly friendly and helpful .
the penne with meatballs was huge and very reasonably priced .
instead they charged me $ _num_ for a small soda .
the scheduling line is lacking .
so today i ended my membership and will not be going back !
best of all , the meals come with free unlimited delicious chips and salsa .
they definitely knew their stuff and were both so helpful !
no one on the staff recognized the special occasion .
will definitely return for happy hour .
like really large carrot pieces and like whole quarters of potato .
lenny 's burger birthday celebration !
their smoothie shop is always clean and smells delicious .
not a fan .
highly recommended !
i will return and recommend to all .
thats what i have to say about scottsdale lanes this saturday morning .
i looked at the spinatos pizza place and it looked worse than frozen pizza .
what does that have to do with me , im not the carpet cleaners ?
i will not order from this location again .
i had a carne asada burro and the others had chicken and beef enchiladas .
it would have been nice for customers and workers to have some ac going .
this is one aesthetician in high demand !
i was really disappointed .
live music and a great patio with heaters and a fire pit .
just a comfortable place to eat at and hang out .
not just bad awful !
we will not be back .
domino 's , have no fear ... ... i 'll never be back .
i 'm very glad with the customer service i received throughout my visit .
great festival .
so anyway , i come here with a coworker and we sit down .
staff is very unprofessional .
the food is very consistent .
nice live band .
chicken was dry and nachos had no flavor .
i would n't reccomend it for more than maybe the beer and garlic fries .
great food and prices are reasonable .
chips and homemade salsa are a great way to start .
great food and great people .
very happy customer !
it will never disappoint .
my wife had the gnocchi this time , which was a bit tough .
if owner is upset about something she take sit out on you .
amazing seafood dishes , decent prices and super service .
she comes back and says , no the bill is right .
definitely more for three people .
awesome !
pretty normal flavor for this type of place .
the food was fantastic !
not great especially for homemade , but not bad .
portions are always very adequate , enough for two meals .
they also have a great lunch menu .
there is no way i would eat here again .
they were professional , courteous , timely , and efficient .
the bartender knows her stuff here !
great food !
perfect experience !
great cocktails , cheap drinks , fantastic staff .
all in all , not a great food experience .
all the staff are very pleasant and accommodating .
it 's in a bad location in chandler .
he did n't like the beds and did n't sleep well .
kids and adults will love it .
we went back for another appointment , hoping they would be less busy .
steven paul salon in old town scottsdale is an unexpected great find !
if anything , it 's gotten worse .
they gave me the run around for weeks .
great reasonably priced place !
truly a terrible experience .
excellent staff great follow up .
service was just as disappointing .
then i asked for the managers name and she would not give it .
love this place .
fast clean up by staff .
huge mistake .
it kills fun experience and get bad reviews like this .
the sales are great and the employees are hilarious and super nice .
highly recommended .
service was fantastic including when we made the reservation .
very happy with their service .
we basically wasted about $ _num_ on food that day .
this is not one i would recommend .
recommend to anyone to go !
fun , inexpensive and awesome location .
i love it .
i went about _num_ days later to see if they found the missing shirt .
subway is just as legit .
i 'm beyond disappointed with this establishment .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .
great service & authentic atmosphere !
the taste was awful and it was so hard to chew .
this visit put me in a very good mood !
lets just say i wish i went to the many other resorts in scottsdale .
they 're also affordable and near my house , bonus !
that 's amazing service .
we will definitely be using them in the future .
i highly recommend them .
for the gentleman i had my appt .
thank you so much for the wonderful floral arrangement for my friends !
so do n't give up hope , just yet .
my soup was also cold and i literally only walked a block home .
will eat here with every future visit to phoenix .
i am very happy !
i love this place !
called the office and left a message no return call .
they were watered down and lacked taste and substance .
a great time for the whole family .
i bought my tickets through groupon for $ _num_ each .
wrong !
very good !
picked up a to-go order for my husbands birthday ; what a disappointment .
it 's simple in ingredients , but complex in flavor .
ra was really not much better , and the service was ... ok .
this is by far the worst rental company i 've had to deal with .
one customer told him to stop being a dick .
with regard to the pizza , this was just not worth the first bite .
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .
excellent massage by jim .
but it is always interesting .
biscuits and gravy were very good .
bartenders were nice but seemed amateur .
this is usually my favorite steak house for the money .
rooms are lovely and spacious with nice patios .
clientele diverse .
terrible service .
wish everyone was as nice as her !
nice clean room .
food was tasty and the place was clean .
i left after about half an hour of no acknowledgement .
i was also impressed with the follow up .
if you want a tasty fat juicy burger go see lenny !
highly recommend .
worst .
so very unfortunate since i wo n't be back .
the ladies with me that had the tortellini loved it !
but no .
definitely will come back to this place .
the bar keeps are very friendly and prompt with service .
i would recommend oasis to any of my friends !
cool : we saw wild horses .
will avoid in the future though i work nearby .
it was hard to find , and should have stayed hidden .
for dessert the spicy chocolate torte .
will never go back and do not recommend .
golf in the arizona summer with no water on the course .
way too expensive .
portions too small .
it served four of us with plenty of vodka to spare .
however my family and i are going elsewhere .
we finally made it again last weekend and were delighted once again .
very good authentic cheap mexican food .
my wife and i did not enjoy the food or the experience .
gross .
volvo of tempe is the best !
i had a wonderful experience here !
i guess i should 've looked at the venue reviews first .
the prices are fair , and the selection of wine is robust .
fresh squeezed juice was great .
great for a girls night out or a hh with coworkers .
she was fantastic .
i 'm impressed already with his knowledge and professionalism !
the atmosphere was so-so , they should have had music on or something !
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .
sushi is super fresh and beautiful .
the employees were pleasure and professional , i drove out a satisfied customer .
there is no excuse for rudeness to paying customers .
this is the first place i go when shopping for produce !
when they arrived the tortillas were corn , greasy and soft .
wow !
i crave their jalapeno fried rice .
best burgers in town in my opinion .
also the partners are really nice , and the drinks are always great .
drinks are overpriced and the door staff is a bit much .
way to be on top of your game !
and the associates are happy and ready to assist .
wish yelp had zero stars .
the last thing that left a negative impression was some of the staff .
love this place !
my wife said the tamales were the best she has ever had .
my wife and i had an amazing dinner her while we were in scottsdale !
for what i needed done , it was the bare minimum .
i found it.
we sat on the patio and it was very pleasant .
it was n't terrible , but definitely not fresh or spectacular in any way .
she never made any attempt to make the situation better .
disgusting place .
i love their homemade salsa !
it 's been years since i 've shopped at a smart & final .
rusty also beautifully gift wrapped it for me .
very authentic new york .
i will be back !
everyone at the table seemed to enjoy what they got .
great staff and doctors .
unprofessional and now i 've wasted my money !
thank you !
definitely one of the better spots in the area .
what a fantastic little place .
they apparently lay it on a grill and forget it !
afternoon high tea is wonderful !
family owned and operated with a mexican flare .
a member of a party can not join mid meal .
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .
not even shitty domestic beer .
seriously , stay clear of this lot ... he & it are bad news !
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !
this location does n't even deserve one star !
summer , i go for the iced peach green tea .
it is so good .
they have the best egg drop soup i 've ever had .
he may or may not be too busy to call me today .
the customer service here is also great !
easily the best customer service i have ever gotten from an auto shop .
i love the specialty items they get .
the guy working was very helpful and friendly and the prices are amazing .
its been this way the last _num_ times i was here .
where this place takes the cake is the excellent customer service !
_num_ hours to change my battery at the gas station .
quick and easy with the efficiency of a secret agent .
and the restaurant is extremely clean !
really unique , really tasty .
he just stood there and stared .
i would high recommend this bikram studio and the staff is phenomenal !
i highly recommend this company to everyone !
the dance floor is big , and everyone was really friendly .
could n't get our bill right either .
finally , after _num_ weeks i had to use the rv .
love this store .
i decided to give them a try and am very impressed .
the service was amazing , probably some of the best i 've ever had .
grand new opened just few days ago .
i still ca n't believed this happened .
they were rolling their eyes when he looked away and had bad attitudes .
very clean , and inexpensive food , and inexpensive gaming .
the cheeseburgers are very simple yet so tasty .
i remember the restroom being clean .
malee 's was very good .
excellent place , super friendly staff .
good place to pick up a nice essential piece to build outfits around .
excellent establishment , very consistent and the ribs are always the best in town .
terrible pizza and way overpriced .
update : everything is getting better around here .
the service is friendly and effective .
definitely will be back !
disappointing .
fun poker _num_ days a week !
now the air doesnt work and they want _num_ to diagnose the problem .
adults feel like kids and kids feel like they stepped into a magical world .
our experience here was a train wreck .
the staff here is very friendly and knowledgeable .
but do n't worry it does n't end there .
used to love this place but man has it gone down hill .
we found _num_ great finds for our son .
and i do n't prefer _num_ hang out with pretentious crowds like that .
bad place to go for electronics .
she was getting closer but still not rare let alone very rare .
fail .
all due to proximity and availability , never due to desire .
btw , do n't go in the bathrooms , they were really dirty .
great food with a hint of lao for those who would know the difference .
great shop !
everything else was absolutely amazing !
i had the worst experience here this morning .
and the average age of people there when i visited was probably _num_ .
important to note this restaurant has changed ownership a few months ago .
sushi rolls were very good .
one room packed so tight you could not move .
they really know what they are doing and great customer service .
i also bought my bridesmaids dresses here .
however if you have the time to wait it 's definitely an enjoyable meal .
sorry to say , it was n't even worth that .
she is extremely friendly and will take good care of you .
do you like great food , great service , and friendly environment ?
it 's ultra casual for sandwiches and italian dishes this good .
note : this review is for happy hour only .
bad bad bad .
one word ... delicious .
the breakfast is superb .
very disappointing !
hands down the best pancakes in the valley !
i love the text deals every day .
love coming to this trip .
meals were great and full of flavor .
this is the worst department store i have ever been in .
best anniversary , best customer service and best food ever !
amanda the service manager is so nice and they are super fast .
great food !
the staff is great too .
service was fast and quality food .
we walked out .
possible bed bugs , i woke with numerous bites on me .
a few days later it was flat again .
very pleased .
great value sub sandwiches !
$ _num_ later , more repairs .
terrible , this is just about the worst mexican i 've had in az .
all were delicious and strong .
definitely would recommend this place .
quite the contrary , , , food was terrific .
fun fun fun .
what a waste .
now that i 'm a mom , i love taking my son .
i have been here only _num_ times since they opened .
it 's just gross .
the people here are very nice but the corporate ethics are in the trash .
its always happy hour inside .
my recommendation is to skip this place unless its a last resort .
not worth your time .
if there were negative _num_ stars i would have given them those .
people pay good money only to have them stolen !
these guys offered great service .
now that we know the secret our experience should be much better .
comfortable environment and excellent food .
not only is the food delicious but the service was amazing !
and this was right after a giants game in spring training ( march ) .
just leave me out of it .
not a promising sign .
it had no flavor or very little sauce .
it looks run down on the outside .
the textures and blend of ingredients are perfection !
amazing !
probably was thankful that we turned around and walked out the door .
they have a great organic selection and dried fruits .
sunset cruise with entertainment !
two thumbs up !
the artists showing their work are authentic and edgy .
i love this place !
great full service salon and spa !
i thought it was utterly rude that he would think that of me entirely .
kicked back , friendly crowd , good wine , good fare , reasonable prices .
one of the best nights .
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .
everything is wonderful .
but they did n't cut the price .
this has to be one of the worst .
awesome food , awesome staff , awesome service !
i waited for my nails to dry and i walked out .
excellent bartenders , service , and live dj .
turns out my key disappeared from their lock box along with my car overnight .
this is my husband 's favorite place to go in phoenix .
great atmosphere .
go there every week , for the last couple months .
i would definitely return and recommend them to a friend .
i love this place !
perfect amount of sauce , chicken and the crust was just right !
very professional !
i should have stayed and made them sin .
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .
outside setup is pretty cool in the night time .
we will definitely be coming back !
food was delicious and worth the price !
they said it was the battery , and replaced my battery .
amazing overall .
the food was delicious !
somewhat laid back and relaxed .
thanks for always satisfying !
total meal was $ _num_ for three people and the food was awful .
_num_ minutes later my order was finally given to me .
the decor was ok but very kitschy .
the service was horrible .
the place was empty .
went here for thanksgiving dinner .
very slow and just not my type of place .
maybe a little more time and effort into hiring .
they just want what 's good for you .
staff is super friendly .
i love the food , especially any seafood special they can cook up !
this is the best hotel in the phoenix/scottsdale area .
grilled cheese that wasnt melted .
i love their clothes !
his only response was `` i 'm sorry . ''
great food , loved the decor and the staff was very sweet .
there are several hotels nearby for less money and much nicer .
this place is better .
the food is really good and the service is solid as well .
dirty dirty dirty !
thank you steve .
she was personable , polite , and very good at her job .
ate at family style restaurant expecting home made taste , far from that !
crap , crap , crap .
when we received our sundaes they were sans whipped cream .
small portions , small taste , big cost .
do n't know why this place has so much hype .
the staff was courteous and professional .
so good .
wow !
the service is incredible !
the coach house is cool , you see .
however this place was simply amazing .
good time for sure !
it 's small and not very inviting .
the setting , looking down over the valley from camelback mountain , beautiful .
flavorful and filling , i always get an extra pita .
love their intimate , outdoor patio also .
the beer , scene and employees deserve a higher rating .
i do n't trust yelp , really losing faith in the reviews .
no appt and were able to service me right away .
she is now the happy owner of a gorgeous gown .
this has not had a bite out of it either !
overall , unless you are desperate , i 'd try somewhere else .
worst experience of my life .
my favorite grocery in the area .
a friend who lives nearby brought us here for a late lunch .
lots of cool history .
the price was very reasonable for the amount of food that we got .
love this location .
this is where i have taken all my power tools for repairs .
overall we were very pleased with the clinic and will return there next time .
excellent !
the bloody mary was super spicy and pretty dang strong .
i am extremely disappointed with this location .
walked in the restaurant from the mall entrance and you could smell fish .
do not go here , absolutely horrible .
i normally get the chimis with their poblano sauce ; so good .
no matter what you get it 's great !
the owners are great people and role models in my opinion .
no way i would return .
love this place .
driver was quick , professional , friendly , and clearly experienced .
thanks guys .
we walked in and were greeted right away .
live music is great .
i felt this place as overpriced for the size of the portions .
now they purchase them and they are like day old chewy hamburger buns .
decided to give it a shot , wish i had n't .
i was not impressed in the least with my seating .
amazing !
he is wonderful !
this place is just an all-around great experience .
it was awful .
and very reasonably priced given how good it is .
the place was so loud that it was impossible to talk .
the location and ambience are great .
plus one star !
this place just has a cool factor all its own .
it was done on time , as promised , and with skill .
no lie _num_ dollars for _num_ ravioli .
wonderful view & relaxed atmosphere on the upstairs balcony seating .
extremely disappointed .
would definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for a good sandwich .
i did n't get on til 11pm .
the tip was _num_ dollars .
nothing special .
great service .
after that i did n't even want to order , i simply walked out .
great food and great service .
the pricing is reasonable and the maintenance staff is great .
also , it seemed like the vegetables were overcooked .
very disappointed when we received delivery .
wow !
i was very pleased with the service and the food was incredible !
i was so disappointed with the salt cellar .
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .
no , no , no .
the second star goes to the only thing they are able to get right .
came for lunch , it was dead but service was on point .
my family has gone here for years !
i drive from gilbert because they are worth it .
so disappointing !
not only did i receive excellent service i also received a huge discount .
check it out !
the food left much to be desired .
found this place via groupon .
the staff is friendly .
yet i was asked why i did not have reservations .
i swear , the wait is worth it !
he was able to work with my schedule .
i mean , my food was not bad .
one of the best thai in the valley !
i found _num_ peas and _num_ carrot chunk in the whole thing .
i probably wo n't come back .
small pub , but great staff , food and drinks !
if you go expecting anything more than that , you 'll be extremely disappointed .
her cuts stay perfect from the salon to the next appointment .
the salon has a great vibe and friendly atmosphere .
i took one bite and refused to eat any more of it .
place is nice and quiet .
and the problems , they did n't go away instead , got much worse .
i love it .
best tailor in town .
for making the hot chocolate warm for my toddler .
it was thick , doughy and tasteless .
oh and the the dressing rooms are so pretty !
although the the filet was good , i will never eat there again .
i highly recommend working with this company because they truly stand behind their word .
the apricot miso bowl was really sour again .
happy hour prices are great !
good prices , good pour , interesting list .
the sandwiches are great .
mayo phoenix will not .
excellent ambiance , great fillet , good service .
next time i hit up the phx .
this place does n't disappoint .
bruce and his staff are amazing and incredibly talented .
i have to say that i was really disappointed for a few reasons .
it was outstanding .
i had fun .
went last night and my wife and i are both sick .
the pizza and wings special is delicious .
the prices are very reasonable .
this is my go to place now that i moved back to scottsdale .
the place is dirty and super slow and the employees literally do n't listen .
great when you are at a doctor 's office .
they were on time , and very , very nice .
there are only _num_ locations in the valley so hope you live close .
that 's it , ra - you 've lost another customer .
great service , cozy and does great work .
hope to see them again soon !
will definitely return !
what horrible customer service !
great food and usually great service .
hate this place !
my pedicure was okay , but i 've had much better for cheaper .
and the bottled water was $ _num_ .
i went here for breakfast with my mom and daughter .
i appreciate the service !
first thing to know is they only take cash .
it will be a good afternoon .
the crispy basil chicken is our favorite !
great experience every time at prestige animal clinic !
packed and fun .
great food .
this is the dentist you want !
we came in for happy hour and the bar filled up fast .
really terrific food , great variety , and friendly service !
excellent service too !
well stocked for a smaller shop but very big in service .
wish there was an option were you could give no stars !
just office staff is extremely rude .
i guess that is a good thing though .
great selection of beers and vino .
nice local bar to experience on a trip to phoenix .
it 's so loud inside , so prepare for that .
thank you !
i love this place !
i wo n't even talk about how poorly the place is now laid out .
the food was average and the service was terrible .
wrong .
thanks steve .
there was confusion about chicken combo vs. chicken .
the only digital channels that worked were two kids channels and several sports channels .
nice , clean , comfortable , excellent location .
the only thing good was the rice .
filthy dirty carpet ( what is the kitchen like ? )
great place -- we will be there often .
they always go above and beyond our expectations !
the place seemed very clean .
highly recommended !
only served us and then left only returned with the bill .
they have great service , and awesome food and drink prices .
one of my favorite pizza places in the valley .
worst dining experience ever .
cheap , delicious , and greasy .
wow .
this is a great little market with big time italian food .
the pizza is very good .
stopped by for late night taco 's .
great food had the short rib and the pork tenderloin both amazing .
great place to eat italian .
dr was n't the friendliest , assistants very nice though .
we got engaged tonight and wow what amazing service !
baker wee is awesome .
i am willing to drive to the other locations just to avoid it .
our pasta dishes were outstanding and service very good .
a lot of good fresh cold or hot food for people on a budget .
not the interest rate expected .
quick , efficient and honest .
they took excellent care of our group .
also , the office staff is very friendly .
the chips and salsa were delicious .
my favorite breakfast spot !
thanks guys !
they are always friendly and helpful and we get in and out fast .
the past three times i have been the staff was extremely rude .
_num_ days pass , nothing in the mail .
this place is incredible .
great instructors and staff !
that could have been a disaster !
not for our table though .
having the staff be truly helpful and friendly really makes a big difference !
this was the worst , least professional spa service i 've ever received .
they have the best breakfast burritos in the world .
i 'm in love !
rick was wonderful .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !
the apps were amazing and so was the ribeye .
the chips was stale , had to be sent back .
the pork tamales was too thick and dried .
but decent breakfast , charming property ... and a unique experience i 'd say .
awesome staff .
counter service was excellent !
menu is very limited .
bad employees !
it makes it much easier to keep my mouth healthy .
but what a rip off .
im tired of playing these games .
service was wonderful and people were friendly .
i highly recommend the bc french toast with fresh berries and walnuts !
the staff at this trader joe 's is fantastic !
i wish the owners read the reviews and fixed their employee issues .
i wish there was a way to give negative stars in this situation !
plus their name is funny !
service was good .
i 'm going to hit this place in the evening .
so i said fries with only one of them .
it 's probably the best mt dew out there .
i ordered an omelet my way and did not get it my way !
this man was the absolute best waiter i have ever experienced in my life .
matt was absolutely wonderful !
had a really good experience here .
love love love this place .
the rice was crunchy and did not taste like regular spanish rice .
also , i am a navy veteran .
admission is a tad pricey but well worth it in my mind .
great food at equally great prices .
first they were very gracious and accommodating , because i messed up big time .
the meal started with bread , which was meh .
this place is horrible ... .
my wife loves mexican food and we usually try different restaurants around the valley .
we had the grilled portobello sandwich and the caprese salad , both delicious .
respect your guests people .
the manager comped our meal .
needless to say , we will definitely not be going back .
perfect on my way home .
the bean and cheese burrito was runny and salty .
we had dinner there and loved it !
keep staying strong native on bell !
waste of money , even for a groupon .
the food at this place sucks , their bartenders suck .
definitely worth a trip .
they were also honest about what looked good and what did n't .
i do this for one reason and that is for the savings !
nice food .
the service was very slow .
out designated driver was charged $ _num_ for lemonade !
the food is always fresh and delicious .
it 's become bad , really bad .
see sage , the owner .
suffice it to say i wo n't be going back here !
the adovada and salsa is the best i 've had in az so far .
it 's a fun shop to go in and walk around .
but $ _num_ for a tiny little portion was irritating .
chicken over cooked , tough .
extremely caring and sympathetic !
the green salsa is amazing !
such amazing prices !
this place is packed when football is on .
this is a wonderful resort .
she just said `` sorry about that '' and walked off .
that 's all i have to say about this one .
this place is n't a that great .
michele was great from the beginning .
the negatives above do n't make it worth the extensive wait for a table .
the best thing is the diverse mix of patrons .
they were done ahead of schedule and did a great job .
we will definitely be going back .
great mix for the whole family to enjoy !
his staff is professional , informative and patient .
nice new location .
each game is two coins which is too much if you ask me .
when we walked in no one greeted us they just looked at us .
for me to drink my latte while i wait ? )
it is a gallery for the artist 's artist .
i will definitely use this business again for future cleanings !
i received bland , room temperature food with undercooked meats .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .
the restaurant decor is nice and the staff is great as well .
naturally , we 've been coming here for years .
we asked for things , like waters , that never came .
it 's a great place to share dishes with friends .
i tried telling him that i do n't have a warranty on the car .
finally someone in scottsdale that knows how to make hummus the right way .
we could not use our only sink for over a day .
this place has the best wings of any place i 've been to .
worst service i have ever experienced .
the food was fresh and full of flavor without being heavy .
the front desk staff and vet techs are fabulous to work with .
it seems as though everybody comes here for a good time .
top-notch , in all respects .
we enjoyed the home-style atmosphere .
i could n't be happier .
the food was good , the service was fine .
good for families with kids too .
my favorite thai place .
so good !
this place was awful !
a lot of the acts were very friendly and engaging .
julie was patient and so helpful and made the experience really wonderful .
not the best sports bar but nice patio .
like $ _num_ to shoot if your not a member .
great place for atmosphere and interesting food .
i love when we order pizza from nypd .
the whole family takes our vehicles to them when we need maintenance .
i 'd definitely recommend anyone to get their vehicle repaired here .
i love super burrito !
delicious food !
however , our meal ( while delicious ) , gave me horrible food poisoning .
i speak from experience , waste of money .
good beans and rice .
the music is great is diverse from hip hop to rock and roll .
comes with a huge portion of the best rice you have ever eaten !
ridiculously fantastic authentic italian food .
felt like a tourist destination but was fun all the same .
do n't know if ill would stay there again ... ... .
do you like the game of hit and miss ?
horrible customer service and i paid _num_ dollars for just some meat .
wrong again .
i get to visit scottsdale once every _num_ years or so on average .
a nice , little local establishment .
she takes great care of all her customers .
food was okay .
its like playing taste bud russian roulette .
love this sushi .
the majority of the office staff are rude and stuck up .
this is a pretty short review as i have minimal nice things to say .
i would definitely not recommend it !
i highly recommend this place and have been here multiple times .
lots of fun and good memories !
nice guys .
so not impressed .
would eat here again for sure !
i highly recommend this branch to anyone who wants to buy jewelry .
so , not worth anyone 's time for five dollar beers .
that is one thing that is special to the keg that i love .
there 's no indoor seating .
the fit i ended up with was incredible .
overall we did not feel we received our value today .
would not recommend this place .
he charges $ _num_ , which is a great price .
too bad the ribs are what you come for .
surprisingly good thai food .
but the food is so , so good .
pasta dishes were also good .
both are great .
the girls were nice but the product was still crap .
our lease ends november and we ca n't wait to move !
we recommend this place if you love any kind of oriental foods .
great staff .
this is an amazing restaurant .
highly recommend !
this one is simply a disappointment .
very much worth the investment and traveling to their n. scottsdale location .
wow !
we had beef , chicken , salad and vegetarian dishes .
we recommend this restaurant .
nice patio , fair drinks , overpriced bad bland food .
very disappointed .
good menu , food and drinks .
this has got to be the worst car wash in the area .
luv it !
it was ok but not great .
the best .
i enjoyed this place very much .
donna worked on my hair for _num_ hours and a half .
we found the storage unit clean .
i have heard that this place is really good .
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .
went in tonight and the place was empty but the food was so good .
very good food and service !
where to start , let 's just saw awful !
beans and rice were not good at all .
we were the first people in the restaurant at 6am .
but these office people do not have it together .
very run down .
i 'm a fan .
great for a lake side restaurant .
but it 's worth it .
that was the case for me tonight .
the chicken is what really bothered me here .
my family and i love this resturant .
i have spoken to the owner a few times and everything is measured perfectly .
these folks are great !
the chilean sea bass with ravioli was perfect !
the food is great .
the bean and cheese burritos are super fresh and their sauce is outstanding !
one of our favorite places in scottsdale .
good food at reasonable prices .
even leaving the window open for six hours did n't help .
worth the price for each and every shrimp in my belly .
disappointed !
all the ingredients are fresh and the servings are big .
love it !
horrible .
i will not be go back to this place any time soon .
highly recommended for a unique and delicious lunch experience .
the place was down right creepy .
lots of fun games to play and have a good time .
so i asked why i was n't getting a free chocolate .
i dive into my lunch and something is off .
that is service !
the warranty companies should think twice about sending these guys out on service calls .
great experience !
but for the prices i would definitely go someplace else .
delightful !
to me , that is unacceptable .
steaks were wonderful and i had a delicious blueberry mojito .
the lettuce was fresh and cold and so we 're the tomatoes .
she always does an amazing job on my hair .
finally a `` real '' family run italian restaurant in the area .
he took the extra time to speak with me and answer my questions .
very little spice , and not much taste at all .
tasty but overpriced at $ _num_ for two breasts imo .
i of course would never go back .
wow , what a surprise .
it was actually hard to tell where the chicken was hiding .
he completely turned me off of this place .
loads of people wanting to help you as well .
i had the grilled salmon and it had an amazing flavor .
they are going downhill .
my friend 's beef tasted almost like filipino adobo .
i know dry aged and neither top sirloin was dry aged .
the sales representative was excited to help me and very knowledgeable .
it 's always perfect .
excellent customer service that is not found very often anymore .
in addition , they do not offer a military discount .
he tried to make it seem like we were being kicked out !
the ambiance of the place is nice too .
definitely worth the price !
we love cowboy ciao !
the restaurant prices were high ( standard for a resort ) .
our waitress gave a pathetic , `` eh , sorry '' and walked away .
it also had a tomato but instead of a nice red slice of tomato .
nice patio for when the weather is cooler .
they had great attitudes and were did a great job .
it was just terrible !
we also ordered mild wings .
the service was impeccable !
this place was a waste of time and money .
this place makes its money on the tourists coming to spring training .
the best part : very reasonably priced .
totally rude and rather expensive for a bagel joint .
so no breakfast for me until i can go for lunch .
excellent job on gel pink and white nails .
she does a really good job on my long , thick hair .
clean dining area , good service , stop reading this and go there !
we ended up getting $ _num_ for _num_ full garbage bags full of clothes .
i would not recommend this place to my worst enemy .
first time at this restaurant and the service was amazing .
slow service for larger parties .
great place for lunch , service is always polite and chicken chimi plate rocks .
happy hour all day on sunday 's .
this place has been the best part of living in the desert !
very friendly staff .
also no chips and salsa except on friday and saturday night .
good attentive service .
i will not be ordering from this place again .
food was totally plain jane and overly greasy .
the haircut experience itself was excellent .
bandera , you 've lost one of your biggest fans .
also would n't take a coupon because it was n't presented on arrival .
the bacon wrapped scallops are laughable in size , presentation and taste .
good pasta .
i wo n't go back .
guacamole was very good as was the salsa and bean dip .
the service is always exceptional .
great service and the food is delish .
highly recommended for those of you trying out this salon for the first time .
out door seating that is nice during the cooler times of year .
did i say amazing , amazing ?
we love it here ... almost like home .
thanks guys !
and that includes taco bell .
the restaurant is kind of quiet but the service has always been excellent .
i was there this past saturday , april 9th .
i will not be going back again .
seriously , one of the best strip club experiences i have ever had !
on top of that - the food is soooo good .
good service .
when our main courses arrived , they looked ok , but tasted awful .
i took my two dogs in _num_ days ago for grooming .
the pizza is always good but i wanted to try something else .
we will definitely be returning in the future !
cute clothes too !
management is unprofessional , unsanitary , and rude .
friendly staff , food turn around was quick .
lots of parking and a great vibe .
really enjoyed the spa and pool here .
but i order here often as its just high quality all the time .
i could only have a few bits before i throw my slices away .
the pizza was amazing .
they were on time , very polite and friendly .
it makes the burrito so much more delicious than it already is .
painfully slow service .
authentic and old school .
take advantage of their happy hour , good specials !
enjoy .
but he did a great job so it was worth it .
great food and service .
order from here often and it 's always good !
there are too many options to eat at applebees .
knowledgeable doctors who made me feel comfortable about my first visit to the chiropractor .
upon entering i was greeted by a very nice straight forward lady .
seems like they just took a dirty rag and quickly wiped down .
whats even worse is the the `` manager '' actually did it .
really , one of the best businesses and dental offices i have been to .
he said sure no prob .
love their menu and outdoor dining .
he listens well and he is nice to talk to .
well definitely be back to play this course again !
the selection here is awesome .
the service is excellent .
all the tvs were not working .
takes the time to listen and talk to you .
i highly recommend this place to everyone .
grimaldi 's is the best pizza in phoenix , hands down , no question .
the owner , `` hong '' , however - is not .
the resort is beautiful and the spa is amazing .
i found a ton of awesome glass sets when i was there .
we will certainly be back and will likely eat here for our anniversary .
it 's just ridiculous .
i almost drove away when i saw how dirty they were .
i enjoy the hour i get to spend with her .
thank you arizona avenue for taking such good care of my pets !
the staff is friendly and the food is awesome .
this was the worst customer service ever !
i love this place !
pizza is horrible .
great place to get breakfast .
we love both rings the same ... .
never had an empty glass , server always made sure we were happy .
there is junk all over the shop .
this place is so not worth it , go somewhere else .
imagine this experience a minimum of _num_ times per show .
_num_ out of _num_ of there employees actually knows something .
incredible customer service .
the best pizza on the planet .
he then brought me a sangria which was all ice .
unfortunately , the sauce tasted like sea food .
food and service were excellent .
love this place .
of course there will be adjustments made through insurance , but my lord .
this place is awesome !
started with calamari and margaritas both were really good .
will definitely be back next time i 'm in the valley .
there were cigarette burns throughout the room .
the food was really good too .
it was a perfect end to a perfect evening !
terrible service and rude .
food was really good .
great small business .
she repeated and said `` trust me '' .
id never go to this hospital again .
very very good breakfast !
the pork was dry and flavorless .
the service was horrible .
also , the beds were horrible !
thank you again !
delicious food !
good mexican place with cool outdoor seating .
this is the worst hotel i have ever stayed at .
surprisingly i enjoyed the brownie more than the ice cream .
our family loves this restaurant .
very filling and delicious .
thank you for all your help mark .
great job !
i was feeling terrible .
our server was spot on .
everyone is so kind and friendly there .
just wo n't be mine .
nice artwork .
the spare ribs are very good too .
is this customer service ?
like it , love it , got ta have it ; take your pick .
not to mention all the help with our selections !
best pizza in town .
great staff and never disappointing .
great place !
from start to finish she made the process so easy and enjoyable .
speed : _num_ star .
i took her in and the doctor was very punctual and nice .
i did n't eat any more of it .
the burritos were also small and over-priced at $ _num_ .
incredibly knowledgeable staff .
all were delicious with creative flavor combinations that worked well together .
so a mexican dish ended up costing $ _num_ .
i got a _num_ and my friend a _num_ .
chuck just keeps raising the prices and wonders why no one comes in .
there were no other waiting customers , in the waiting area !
i love the chips and salsas .
overall in image quality , very poor .
only in it for the money .
for a dollar more order the new thin crust pizza .
walking past the charming courtyard , i was rather dissapointed with the inside interior .
poor sound ... .
absolutely the worst service after dark .
barro 's is great .
highly recommend .
no , sadly i had the same results .
everything we ordered was great !
they have awesome food and great drink specials .
the food was also excellent .
guess they lost our business for good !
my roommate can throw up in the toilet _num_ hours a day .
we got the calamari appetizer , which was perfectly cooked and delicious .
they are very nice and friendly there .
this place is amazing .
we all came away with good deals .
the lady at the counter was nice too .
_num_ ) the refrigerator did n't work .
keep this place in your gps fav 's !
love this place !
if you love dates , you have to try the date shake !
service was great as well .
i am vegetarian so i ordered the spaghetti marinara .
not an every day adventure for sure , but we will definitely return !
i 've had a few , but none were good .
an excellent experience .
my favorite breakfast spot to go to .
do n't park in the south side of the main parking lot .
everything we ordered was fantastic .
probably wo n't be back .
the fajitas were really good and the salsa was addicting .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .
they also have a constant stream of people coming through .
this is the best kohl 's in all of arizona .
service is always first rate .
this is not his fault .
oh , the kicker : the email said i still owe them $ _num_ .
boy , was i wrong !
good food and bands !
make sure you have your toilet paper very , very close ... .
great open patio makes you feel like you are on vacation in cabo .
the next time i am in the area i will definitely come back again .
very efficient .
i get the gyro platter which provides you with a lot of meat .
sangria was good great atmosphere to watch the game as well .
also enjoying the boneless ny strips ... recommended !
it was better than good , it was awesome !
i would n't put any stars if i could .
i really enjoyed visiting this place .
a true classic old town dive bar .
i will definitely be back to steven paul to see brittany !
a little kitschy , a little run down , but the food was delicious !
so for that , i salute you ra !
the food was quality also , and we will be back .
my boss brought me here and bought me bread as a treat .
there is a problem .
the difference is _num_ .
great experience for both my children !
love love love this store !
oh this was not good .
everyone was really nice .
it was hard to stick around and peruse the material past of strangers .
and the staff did nothing to stop them .
known for a at home feeling dos provides great bartenders and a friendly staff .
pain in my ass a little but whatever .
i recommend them for swimming .
a pleasure to deal with .
his staff office are helpful and very nice .
i can only compare this pizza to one of cheap $ _num_ pizza places !
great german food .
it 's awesome !
i 'm still waiting for pete the manger to call me back .
also had the antipasto salad which was excellent and perfect for sharing .
got no guacamole .
the dentist and staff are very thorough , kind , and educational .
the food is always fresh and well prepared and comes out very quickly .
this place is horrible !
their equipment is maintained well and you can expect it to work properly .
but we were n't happy with the experience .
limeade with real lime !
definitely worth going in and checking them out !
i refused to pay .
i do n't even feel better after writing this .
my new favorite place !
really nice place to grab a breakfast or lunch .
order comes out fast hot and fresh love this taco bell !
bad mistake .
i got the club and it was amazing !
we had girl 's night dinner here and had a horrible experience .
must see in mesa !
one of the best jewelry stores i know .
quick and very friendly service .
my experience was superb !
our family sees him on a regular basis and we have great dental care .
loved the peanut butter and chocolate ice cream with hot fudge .
delicious and authentic food .
were in from out of town on business .
i will definitely go back !
very disappointed .
plus the staff is friendly and attentive .
love the atmosphere .
great drink specials .
very friendly staff .
yelp did us right by this restaurant .
first off yelp is the best !
i then proceeded upstairs to the sales dept .
they have affordable wedding packages .
i was also pleasantly surprised by their white chocolate raspberry cheesecake with almond bark .
we hope you 'll do the same .
i have never been so disgusted with a hotel .
beans are done right too .
really disappointed in the experience i had tonight .
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .
this place is excellent new mexican cuisine !
not so good .
love this girl !
( it used to be $ _num_ ) .
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .
i called hotel tonight when i saw our card had was charged .
everything was perfectly cooked and so tasty .
the employees do not seem to know anything about the food they are serving .
great menu .
i 've been here _num_ times and it 's always excellent .
beer , grub & music are all great .
she was very professional and helpful .
this place is amazing !
very friendly .
an incredibly disappointment .
love her office .
i was disappointed .
love love love the food and atmosphere !
we went for the steak and were highly disappointed .
this dentist office is great .
it 's just simply amazing how food can taste so good .
we just found our new mexican joint !
all really good .
i was so furious i could n't even talk .
very helpful and nice !
their drinks specials are also great .
no problem , i 'll just turn up the heater .
the atmosphere is super friendly .
unfortunately , we were highly disappointed !
i was scheduled for a test at a later date .
they have excellent customer service and their food tastes great .
everything was perfect and so fresh .
he and his wife were great with us and other customers as well .
the food was not bad but the restaurant was just weird .
i work in the service industry and it was just sad .
i love this place !
mine was _num_ .
the best time to go , in my opinion , is about _num_ am .
we were told _num_ am is when it was finished so very confused .
unfortunately , the customer service was lackluster and left much to be desired .
hidden away close to old town is this peaceful and clean park .
please show her some appreciation !
still my favorite pizza place !
love where its located .
you are great .
the pizza is really fresh and tastes amazing !
quite a disappointing visit .
they called back later and told me no refund tough luck .
this has to be by far one of the worst walgreens ever !
good place for good vibes !
i repeat do not rent here .
great mexican food and fun atmosphere !
i am incredibly picky about my hair color and she nails it every time .
our favorite taco place !
how much more authentic can you get ?
i will never purchase a couch from pottery barn again .
thank you , guys !
it 's not cheap , but what you get is great quality .
beer is good , service is great always helpful .
the service is what really ruined it for us .
we kept changing the numbers and they were great .
cheesy band playing .
this is a must try if you live in scottsdale - they also deliver !
i recommend this fine mexican establishment if you are in scottsdale !
the sides are awesome too .
this place , at least today , did n't offer that .
soooo amazing !
i think body solutions is great .
i have been here quite a few times , nice place .
love this place !
liz is a super attentive waitress !
crap drinks .
honest air installed a new a/c unit for us last spring .
he did n't bring water for another _num_ min .
i can see that they are n't full as she claimed they would be .
wrong .
very impressed !
the cashier actually called my daughter a liar .
our server kristen was superb .
it was dark , heavy and was salty .
that entire experience put a bad taste in my mouth for all macayo 's .
the mini shrimp avocado tostadas were good but cold .
great ambiance and the misters make it cool while sitting outside .
i highly recommend this place for a great date night !
i will definitely be going back .
amazing place .
best of both worlds into one store .
its just that every single miserable person inside _num_ kind of sucks .
i believe their service is the worst .
we will definitely go back here for cat food and other supplies .
the doughnuts were great , but my coffee was n't .
lightly warmed up , and very cold from inside .
our waiter was super attentive & friendly .
been going to this car wash for a few years now .
i 'll definitely be returning in the future !
great service !
we trust her and the cuts are always perfect .
the food is amazing .
it really did n't make any sense .
but this weekend , low and behold ... .
a good place to visit .
delicious food , fabulous service .
they were out of the signature osso buco .
either way , i highly recommend this office .
_num_ minutes ?
always accommodating , wonderful group of people .
why would anyone want to put their food in them ... yuck .
the view is spectacular and the crew was fun and very knowledgeable .
bring him back to these lovely ladies .
i 'm disappointed this time here .
small but sweet little family restaurant with authentic italian food !
the staff are extremely knowledgable and their selection is outstanding .
everybody eat here !
above average breakfast with already made essentials and an omelette bar .
great experience , keep this place in mind ... .
marshall 's is amazing .
great spot !
lovely , perfect , delicious .
well ran shop and nice honest people working there .
amazing place .
higher recommend them .
the night person was the complete opposite .
also , the store is clean and easy to navigate .
our inconsiderate neighbors below us would chain smoke constantly on their patio .
love this place !
all delicious .
love the sandwiches here .
during our hot day at the pool , the staff were amazing and attentive .
a great cheap option for surprisingly good chinese food .
the staff were wonderful and very attentive .
i love this place .
it 's fabulous !
papago has a great beer selection & awesome food .
most cookies are edible !
right in the middle of scottsdale old town .
this place is amazing !
food is terrible !
when we ordered , i asked for chips and salsa .
the two entrees was nothing special .
good value for the buck !
this is a great spot for brunch !
this pretty much sums up my visit to oph .
the rest of the food is also bad we tried several items .
the food is good and the service is always quick .
at the end her nails looked awful .
hands down the best stylist in scottsdale !
super nice !
very very pleasant and beautiful location .
service is _num_ stars by far !
excellent service .
this one is a good one .
great ambiance , fast and attentive service .
( meat lovers ) and it was great .
great place !
extra $ _num_ is nothing to write about at all .
bonus !
this is an excellent chinese food restaurant .
oh yeah and service is pretty good too .
the croissants were delicious .
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .
i love love love this place !
great food great service for over a decade .
always go here to see the seasons newest and best !
i love this place .
i chose wrong .
found a new favorite spot .
oh no garlic bread ran out .
the only thing i liked was the little romaine salad with the italian dressing .
she is a must see for swim season !
overall a great place for dinner if you 're into that sort of thing .
definitely one of my local favorites .
horrible service !
charleston 's is first class !
it it much more spacious since the renovation !
apparently they get very annoyed when you do this .
i have never waxed my car . ''
i was denied the first time after my services were complete .
the owner and staff is absolutely unprofessional and rude .
we were handed paper menus with food stains and torn edges .
i recommend the beef flautas special with rice and beans .
let 's start with _num_ great beers on tap .
it was a lot of fun .
service was excellent and it was very busy .
they are extremely fresh , soft , and moist .
hubby had the catfish and said it was great .
the only sushi place i go to during non happy hour times .
the bucket of clams for $ _num_ -- so fresh -- so good .
thank you mike and thank you mesa window !
absurd fees .
this location is so slow .
oh , bought wine , um the $ _num_ kind - it was off !
do yourself a favor and try it .
the only good thing about this place is that it 's cheap .
great with cut color and style !
gross !
and salsa are not free .
the atmosphere is cute and they make great coffees and smoothies .
pizza is good .
dave is entertaining and knowledgable .
great food and staff and people , not for kids or babies .
the food is n't insanely good but it 's yummy .
she 's originally from new york and is plenty experienced .
but the staff was extremely friendly and took great care of her !
all were excellent .
thanks robert for everything !
the food is simple and amazing !
this place is awesome .
dr. k and his team were amazing to work with .
the decor was nice , pretty typical for a small italian restaurant .
no pizza i 've ever ate has been this bad .
beautiful , perfect service , wonderful golf course , outstanding food .
best chinese food i 've ever had .
the service was great .
also , wonderful .
uh , uh , you mean the store manager ?
great people , great food .
brought some people from out of town .
love , love , love them !
the fried zucchini was great .
i love the diversity in this place .
it was a pretty quiet night so the service was pretty fast .
i highly encourage any animal enthusiast to come here .
customer service is outstanding .
the only upside was the beer was very reasonably priced for happy hour .
these apartments are under new management and not for the better .
i loved loved loved the fact that it want hot .
guys you can trust with your vehicle ... they are soooo honest and friendly .
food was spectacular .
i like the coffee and my wife likes the ice tea .
our server made great suggestions .
delicious salads too .
worst place ever .
the only soda they have is coke .
some of the worst donuts i ever had .
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .
we 'll definitely return .
amazing sports memorabilia .
wow , wow , wow , wow , wow .
ranch is delicious .
only gave them one star because i had to .
the staff is always very helpful about choosing the perfect wine .
lively bar scene .
there is a real family feel here !
all together this was just terrible service ... .
the staff is great and bartenders know their stuff .
this was my visit time at this venue and it was a great experience .
margaritas were also great as well !
so i filled up on bread , which was good .
the place is set up nice .
none of the employees wanted to be there .
love it !
the staff & attendants were pleasant & helpful .
the family loved it and we 'll definitely be back .
definitely going back .
food was great and service very fast .
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .
they got the job done quickly and the quality of the work is fantastic .
i actually enjoy going to the dentist !
had the dino 's bbq pizza with pulled pork - phenomenal !
i thought this was awful and the cashier was a unfriendly .
china china is my favorite chinese restaurant in mesa .
sushi was fresh , flavorful and just right .
the wings are awesome too !
the salad was bland except for the taste of bad tomato .
i got a green chili burrito and megan got a carne asada burrito .
last time we were there we also tried the ribs and they are excellent .
service was great .
there 's not a lot to do .
he is caring and really explains things so you can understand .
is this the best food i 've ever had in phoenix ?
this place beats subway any day .
one thing is for sure -- they 'll be my jeweler for life !
everything was hot and came out in a timely manner .
we love the authentic food and amazing groceries you ca n't find anywhere else !
the manager refused to make more reservations , i 'm really disappointed .
i would give this funeral home and rob the highest score possible .
the good it 's always good and the service is tops .
customer service is just always awful .
tottie rolls are awesome as well .
i saw her name mentioned at least once , and yes she 's awful .
food is excellent and the experience is unique .
do n't go here if you need anything .
fill out their necessary paperwork and see that the place is relatively empty .
their chicken kabobs are delicious and so are their gyros .
i love love love the california burrito !
once again i have had the best experience with this company and dr. hall .
but we walked out thinking , `` how can they be in business ? ''
overall we had a great time !
she was very friendly and had a smile the whole time !
a great new york style pizza that 's great for delivery .
we got a small red sauce with pepperoni and mushrooms .
the salsa is yummy , and they have great chips .
not great , but not terrible .
best service in the valley !
i love the setup of the patio and how open it is .
it looks good from the outside , but my room was a mess .
they did not even comp our meal which had turned into a disaster .
the waiter was distracted with side conversations with the kitchen staff .
small little place , good beer , but i would n't recommend it .
i came in specifically for the ginger mahi and they no longer offer it .
it 's delicious !
love this place !
quite honestly , we were shocked to receive such excellent customer service .
you can tell that service is a priority .
all of the different flavors were very fresh and unique !
great fresh food .
food was just as amazing as the service !
sammy is the man !
but my favorite are their calzones !
this sucks because i like the food and love the staff at _num_ peaks .
auto service and customer service was excellent .
they were really nice and seem really honest .
happy hour is amazing , the portions are full size !
the food tastes so horrible they should at least provide that .
the bagel itself was the big disappointment .
i would say just an okay hotel , not great .
i loved the pink parlor look .
i 'm sure the rest is amazing .
they make a roasted green chili salsa that is amazing .
it has failed to impress me on each occasion .
all exceptional .
the serving size are limited on the salsa and guacamole .
we spent so much money and all our orders were wrong .
next the food ... rattlesnake was no different from popcorn chicken .
i popped in here and was able to get both things done very fast .
this place is welcoming and just wonderful really .
the staff is hit and miss , sometimes friendly sometimes not .
great location .
downside : let 's be real , it 's an older theatre .
i do not recommend taking your pet here .
either way it is always good .
according to my cousins in tempe this place is a hidden gem .
the green chile chowder is so so so good .
she made my horrible brown hair look beautiful again .
rachel g. did an amazing job on my little dude 's cut .
if you guys can fix that , then you would be grade a .
the food was great .
i would not recommend this place .
finally good mexican food .
the worst management ever , especially the boss lady .
i have gone here many times it 's always been good .
spend your money somewhere else !
oh , the sandwich does come with stale potato chips , too .
as a matter of fact , i only ate 1/2 of it .
the food was outstanding .
awesome pizza and matt is the best !
warning : highly addictive !
excellent service !
this service is great .
great place to order takeout .
this is the worst golf course i 've ever played on .
some of these were designer pieces .
the cheese is very fresh and not overwhelming .
the worst service i 've ever had !
great vibe , energy and food .
as we left the person i was with commented on it too .
please do yourself a favor and visit this diamond in the rough .
stayed here recently and despite being here in the june heat it was great .
you are going to stand in line , but it 's worth the wait .
this is unacceptable considering we did have a reservation !
this was nothing like the other hampton inn 's we 've previously stayed in .
absolutely delicious , and it was only $ _num_ or somewhere in that neighborhood .
it 's a big salad & so full of flavor .
and i am so happy that it worked out this way .
the best roll they have is the cj roll .
ranks 3rd out of the _num_ we have used .
go somewhere else before your disappointed like i am .
the food was amazing , fresh , and so nice that it was organic .
oh please !
place is a real treat and very much worth the visit !
tony is a very good dentist .
the bread is amazing .
superb chicken caesar pasta salad .
it can be quite entertaining .
rare indeed !
they also deliver , which is always good to know .
lalibela just has about a dozen or so meat and vegetable dishes .
priced right for food and experience .
i love to take my company on a dolly steamboat cruise .
for your own safety do not go to the bathroom here .
the staff @ canine preferred were phenomenal !
the service was fast yet professional .
i have n't seen a friendly face there in the last year .
he is up front and honest about the situation .
_num_ hours .
great pizza .
the staff was nothing but amazing !
chris was great !
food was great and could tell it was freshly cooked .
great meal and excellent service .
you definitely have to try this place !
any other time the service is good .
one of the best i 've ever had anywhere .
it 's a great local breakfast and brunch and not pricey at all !
good wings are crispy , they need to keep them in the fryer longer .
one of our favorite mexican restaurants .
this was my first meal in tempe , recommended by our hotel concierge .
bread / toast was below par and over buttered .
not `` the best of phoenix classics '' as the menu says .
the service was really good and everyone was very friendly .
a very nice dining experience .
the atmosphere was fabulous and the staff was great .
thanks tim !
well they did it right with pei wei .
he will definitely be my first call in the future .
honestly if i could , i would give this location _num_ stars .
in any restaurant the food should be number _num_ .
friendly staff .
and the fried tofu was amazing .
fabulous burgers , great sandwiches and surprisingly good salads .
i 've now been twice and absolutely thrilled with the results .
salad and pizza are excellent .
they come highly recommended .
i could eat these all day .
the food is great as well .
and here 's the absolute worst -- there 's no bathrooms .
she was friendly and chatty but also very professional .
highly recommend !
we had stuffed quesadillas for appetizers that were absolutely delicious !
simple yet so difficult for this coffee house .
my problem is primarily the staff .
the martini 's are special priced and the appetizers are very yummy .
i got an italian combo and it was amazing .
great service and excellent repairs .
the eggs were cooked well , but the chorizo tasted off .
_num_ mins goes by and we try to find our waitress .
they are completely unprofessional and have no experience .
consider yourself warned .
this place is absolutely horrible .
they are friendly , professional and courteous .
views of camelback mountain and a staff that knew what they were doing .
the pizza looked and tasted like it had been sitting out for an hour .
no berries !
great staff as well .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
great food and a nice selection of beer and wine .
there were only a few free tables and they were taken .
rude !
i would skip this one in the future .
very nice manicured course .
the best service in town , very reasonably priced !
as far as hotels go i would rate it as very good to excellent .
for the main course i selected the exotic mushroom pan fry .
i finally found them !
we will definitely be back soon .
a deep fried catfish in a sweet / spicy sauce .
yes i have stayed in better .
the food was below average which was very disappointing .
lots of good memories at this place .
great thin crust pizza !
best sushi in town !
he 's a professional manager thinking of the customer first good job !
four years later i try to give the college another try .
they did a fantastic job on our wedding cake .
eh ... you might not be happy with what they have .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .
also , the service is polite , knowledgeable and friendly .
excellent food especially the duck breast and beef wellington .
my personal favorite is the the bird omelette .
this was on a saturday evening at _num_ pm but this place was dead .
amazing !
excellent food , service , and prices .
store needs better staffing to accommodate lunch hours .
love their food .
i was also surprised with the portion of the quesadilla !
my waiter needed training in basic portions .
the restaurant was half empty when we placed our order .
both are very delicious .
the doctor was knowledgeable and the staff is very friendly and helpful .
the best place around for quick italian food .
if i could rate this location negative stars i would .
they are so fresh and yummy .
this was _num_ minutes before they closed and never got a call back .
they declined and told me there was nothing they could do .
nice and friendly service , and the food is great .
highly recommended .
something for everyone .
bandera is pricey but worth it .
they have amazing prosciutto .
everyone deserves a second chance to make things right .
the ricotta is divine & truly takes it to the next level .
they recently have done a remodel and it is even more beautiful than before !
everything here always tastes fresh and perfect !
not impressed .
my other complaint is there will most certainly be a wait .
store is nice and clean .
outstanding customer service too .
this place is amazing !
the burgers are always fresh and the french fries are pretty crispy .
i would recommend her to anyone !
i would never go there again .
good portions ; nice atmosphere .
i 'm comparing it to other seafood restaurants period .
the service was amazing .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .
what a gem !
great stuff .
sweet potato fries were tasty and maybe the best french dip i 've had .
phenomenal food , phenomenal service .
so tempe camera robbed me again after their and my equipment was stolen !
everything we ate we could n't really taste because of all the salt .
i did not have a good experience here .
good service although a little slow .
great sunday morning late breakfast spot !
it 's kind of like a spicy sweet and sour sauce .
so i left my name and number for them to call me back .
the front staff were horribly rude and unhelpful .
bad bad bad customer service .
i could have walked there and back in that time .
beautiful building , wonderful food .
the _num_ rear tires have normal wear , they are now on the front .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
will not go back because of door man .
keep up the great work !
fresh salads , balsamic dressing delicious .
i told him the price was $ _num_ on the can .
very unprofessional , but whatever .
great prices , outstanding food , quick and polite service .
the waiter was far from personable and made us feel guilty for asking anything .
the pizza was cold .
the scenery is beautiful and the people who ran it were very courteous .
i got the meatball sandwich and cookie .
our second time here was just as great as the first .
i would definitely recommend alan 's air !
i would not recommend this theater for your dining experience .
gorgeous meals and excellent service !
we sat there for nearly _num_ minutes before i was going to say something .
cooked to perfection .
food was super amazing .
it was your typical ihop food .
hubby loved the apple strudel .
there 's a game room for kids and kids at heart to play in .
it was absolute heaven .
i had pork shoulder carnitas with an excellent wine .
excellent dining .
the owners are incredibly friendly and are always open to a good conversation .
this place has gone downhill very fast .
the restaurant section is awful .
it is rare to find a book store these days !
what he should have asked me was what is the painting company 's name .
i have also seen an improvement in brown spots .
i would n't go back .
service was great !
i should be allowed to see whatever dr .
everyone here is always so friendly .
also , there seems to be some sort of bug problem .
love this place for a quick bite .
you guys are awesome !
julio g 's lunch menu offers some very delightful dishes .
great decor !
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .
pretty much worse experience i 've had with mcdonald 's .
we left and will not be back .
pork chop was the best featured item .
never to return and will never recommend .
yet , still not the first place i 'm willing to go to .
morris was super nice , and the price was good too !
i 'll keep coming here until i find something better .
please please open a location further south !
overall attitude of employees at this location was irritating .
definitely gon na be my mexican spot to go to .
i ate my whole dinner ( slowly ) , while they were still waiting .
both meals were wonderful ; plentiful and prepared to perfection .
the people are great to speak with and friendly .
this apartment complex is not luxurious in any way .
great food and excellent service during lunch .
this is mine and my husbands favorite date night location .
they substituted for another ipa , so all is well .
exemplary service and delicious food .
it is not a good one i am sorry to say .
he is truly the best !
the arrangements are nice looking and last a lot longer than grocery store flowers .
amazing late night mexican food !
she has great drink suggestions .
especially something as easy as an over easy or over hard fried egg .
the only time i ever went was to eat at the italian restaurant .
great food , unique atmosphere , and great prices .
i have never felt more offended in my life .
very tasty .
i ordered a tandoori meal combo and was stupid enough to not check it .
they will not tell the owner nor let me tell the owners name .
the people are nice and they do a decent job !
but if you have plenty of time to waste , definitely go there .
alexis was not seen very often behind the bar or on the floor .
no attempt was made to clean the floor .
i ordered the egg salad on sourdough .
horrible service !
full of flavor .
my first time trying cpk and it was amazing .
ten bucks a piece , nice that they do ala carte .
lady di is the best bartender i 've ever had anywhere .
the manager was so extremely rude !
so i spent another $ _num_ on that .
the place feels intimate , classy and fun .
service was good as usual !
the food is great !
you will always have leftovers and it taste just as good the next day .
these guys have amazing food !
loved their portobello sandwich !
thanks for a great dinner !
the bartender ashley makes an amazing bloody mary !
it was spectacular .
not very happy about this at all .
the people here are wonderful !
no flavor , tough as shoe leather i could n't eat it .
# _num_ the maintenance tickets dont get done for a long time .
our server was pleasant !
this was way before they upgraded to the nice eatery it is now .
not a dam sales associate greets or even help out .
by this time i lost my appetite .
definitely a top notch `` fast food '' mexican restaurant !
this is actually my number one problem with mill 's end .
great place to come out and shoot on the weekends !
what makes this four stars in the bakery !
the food is great and the service always good .
wonderful !
one lady walked out .
good value .
how does this place get such good reviews i do n't get it ?
i recommend all my friends and customers here .
however , we wo n't be back .
they are bad news , especially their administration side .
she was incredible !
i definitely recommend .
so just ate at raw sushi for the first time with my new bf .
such great employees !
he , too , was very annoyed .
the ones here came with a brown crust and were obviously overcooked .
the happy hour prices are among the best in old town .
it was a nice , unexpected extra .
i am so happy that my wife told me about this place .
love their lox and bagel combo .
service was very , very good .
best skate shop i 've ever visited !
this is probably my favorite seafood spot !
the rice was disgusting .
as one reviewer pointed out , it tasted like bread .
so freaking awesome .
prices are perfect , try it , you 'll like it !
my so will have to get his papago fix on his own .
the christmas decor this place puts up is awesome .
walked over there for dinner - it was , of course , ridiculously crowded .
needless to say i was underwhelmed by this place .
ca n't wait to come back to watch some games and eat amazing food !
we 'll be customers for a long time to come !
simply the best !
great corn beef hash best thing on the menu .
this is nothing but a greedy money making scam .
its the best !
absolutely awesome new mexican food .
the menu is simple , and all your favorite dishes are there .
so two for me and _num_ for the person i was with .
omg what a great experience .
my favorite deli in the valley .
this dentist is upfront with you , but will tell you like it is .
thank you all so much !
the bread was sub-par as the bagel was crisp and overly salty .
customer service is a complete joke .
, and are very rude in the process .
while the server was very nice in getting this done the burrito was horrible !
this is what you call a really nice `` hole in the wall '' .
really just a horrible experience .
horrible customer service .
my latest visit left me quite displeased .
bosa does a very tasty donut .
i had no interest in looking or being there in general .
excellent pizza and appetizers .
grill was off .
i recommend them to my friends and colleagues .
the food here is great , with a nice selection for vegetarians .
this place does so much good for children in need .
i would not recommend dc ranch animal hospital to anyone .
our server was friendly but inattentive and inexperienced .
horchata is creamy and delicious .
one of my favorite places in scottsdale .
cute place but disappointing food .
the crust had no flavor .
never accept the unacceptable .
the bed they had put me in was soaked with urine .
he walked me to the back of the shop and pointed it out .
great improvement !
overrated , you can stop reading now that all you need to know .
totally recommend this place if your in the mood for some mexican food .
will definitely keep coming back !
amazingly talented .
i was a former staff member and he rarely would ever say hi .
hubby went here to get our car inspected .
the management should teach their employees phone etiquette .
not sure that would help .
i wish i could write a better review but ca n't .
the food is always excellent and service is great .
we were extremely impressed with the atmosphere , food and service .
the selection of hot fish and shrimp dishes were more than normal .
the staff at chandler eyecare are great !
our travel agent did not assist a single one in booking .
delicious !
great spot to frequent if you are a local , or if just visiting .
not an honest person .
wasted money .
when i got there , the service cashier was delightfully friendly .
this place was ever so fun .
unfortunately you can not give a less than one star .
gross .
the food is really good , as well as the prices .
and let them know that his other knee would be done elsewhere .
i 'm with the other reviewers : keep this in the defalco family !
very ny style italian deli .
this is got to be the worst venue i have ever been to .
food is solid .
the pizza is fantastic when hot , but not great the next day .
the customer service is always _num_ star .
they burned my eggs .
we stayed here during our first visit to arizona .
the selection is large and i especially enjoy their steaks and prime rib .
the food at ruth 's chris is top notch .
they wanted to get me in immediately .
she has terrific taste and it shows in the store !
their subs are also amazing .
nothing wrong with that , but they should describe it for what it is .
all good !
the food here is delicious !
i 've been here a few times and i love love love their karaoke !
we have not been acknowledged since we 've been sitting here .
well , it 's not authentic mexican food , but authentic old fashioned tex-mex .
so glad i found this office !
some of the best food i 've had in arizona .
beware , stay away , keep your money and go elsewhere .
friendly , affordable , and good at what they do .
they do not take groupons .
the waiter gave my daughter a complimentary dessert .
he loves it !
food was close to bad , service was terrible .
by the time we were done , most of the nearby shops had closed .
the bread is amazing .
i was very unhappy with the service i received on january _num_ .
he does not seem warm and friendly at all .
sweet and sour pork and beef with broccoli is outstanding .
other than that , it 's awesome .
the soup was so bad nobody would eat it .
it 's awesome !
the egg foo young however was the worst i have ever tasted .
it was a goat patch .
the blue corn enchiladas are delicious and the carne asada was perfect .
from _num_ to _num_ the place has gone to pot .
staff friendly and efficient .
in town on business and got a personal pepperoni and mushroom pizza to go .
their red salsa was spicy and addicting .
i requested a fresh bowl of rice & explained the problem .
we will definitely be coming back here for all our grooming needs !
and the fish taco is in a class by itself .
the drive thru is beyond slow .
no biggie .
i avoid this place whenever possible .
my husband and i love this place .
this was are great dinner service was out standing .
his service is really as good as it gets !
we went here for my girlfriend 's birthday and i was impressed !
great place to live for families or older people .
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .
i guess it does n't take long to cook a rare steak .
gross !
this is a cute , tiny museum stuffed full of historical scottsdale artifacts .
had a great time .
amazing job with a black skirt i brought in .
very good food .
maybe i 'm weird in that way .
probably the worst mexican food i have ever had .
dim lights with interesting paintings on the walls .
it was nice .
i had a really enjoyable experience at papago brewing !
pizza hut would have been better even though thats not real pizza .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .
so sad !
service was excellent as always .
its the perfect place for a group as they accommodate large parties and kids .
best ... wedding ... .
will not be back and i recommend no one else go there .
the pizza is excellent and the staff is top-notch .
scottsdale children group is the best in town !
i was so impressed .
now the dumb ass had admitted she 's not busy .
you will leave here happy ... great hangover food also .
sweet oldies playing , my son always enjoys eating here .
for a great dessert place i highly recommend the sugar bowl .
that 's just an amazing customer service .
so not impressed .
great job each time .
i then approached him after to address is lack of professionalism .
indian spices were not strong enough ; just chicken in a red sauce .
was recommended this restaurant by family and was very disappointed .
it kills me how businesses here treat students .
went into this location to drop it off .
it certainly was n't for patient care or respect .
this has long been one of my neighborhood go to spots !
he was approachable and took great care of my cars needs .
he did n't have my mt .
i 'd definitely stay here again .
atmosphere was great !
seriously , i want my money back .
a nice wine bar option in scottsdale .
ordered delivery tonight .
cool place , nice atmosphere , great service .
worst experience ever .
the guacamole appetizer was large and fresh - excellent .
the service is pretty bad but the beer is worth it .
i love this place .
delivery was on time as well !
the employees are so so bad .
always friendly and helping staff .
told the waitress , her response ... sorry .
the dish was weak and lacked flavor .
food is always great !
the food was exceptional and the service was phenomenal .
he 's very old school and honest and i like that in a doctor .
highly recommended .
i wo n't be coming back .
it is the number one place i recommend when friends come into town .
love this store .
what made it royal was it had caramel in it .
fantastic school .
what is extremely frustrating are the bartenders !
highly recommend , and i 'll be back .
parking is an absolute nightmare .
there were 5-6 serves standing there ignoring us .
friendly nice staff !
the closest thing is the new italian restaurant by chris bianco .
the friendly staff is the main reason i keep returning to this location .
two hours passed without a phone call so i contacted the store again .
this mobile battery truck is not service i trust .
the salads we ok garden salad nothing special .
the food was too spicy to enjoy .
$ _num_ for _num_ watered down drinks .
it 's so good .
no , thanks ... .
quick and affordable service .
always a fun crowd with an ultra lounge feel .
love eating outside .
went in to brake masters scottsdale and they inspected the vehicle right away .
beautiful , wild , exotic , rare , and at the same time relaxing .
very good thai food at a reasonable price .
place got packed so quick .
no package service -- website says they will accept packages .
um , longest and most awkward pedicure of my life .
tasty food , classy atmosphere and live music on weekends .
not into it .
will definitely go back .
, and crispy chicken with thai basil .
speaking of the food here the quality has gone way down .
i recently changed my card so they were n't charging me .
definitely pricey , but everything we had was well prepared and very tasty .
our first time there to visit .
the salsa is watery and nasty .
vary bad customer service for delivery .
from what we hear , this place is usually very busy .
i highly recommend smiley nails for your weekly or vacation nail salon needs !
good food but stay close to the bathroom !
8:30 am apt for new crown , thanks to the holidays !
the whole experience was just great .
unfortunately , we also ordered cannoli .
i really like this sports bar .
great maki sushi , the rolls are very tasty and the portions are generous .
the waitress was a little friendlier , but not much .
which are are really innovative .
best baseball memorabilia this side of cooperstown .
i got stomach upset after i ate their carne asada burrito .
so helpful in renting us perfect bikes for exploring mesa .
the waiter never came back , never offered coffee , dessert or anything .
i got the monster burrito , and was full for most of the day .
the best is their chicken salad sandwich !
love the delicious sandwiches here , they are fresh and tasty .
for the price , it was certainly filling and enjoyable .
great customer service and price .
i have been there _num_ times now and all i can say is yuck !
but the reviews are correct , the drink prices are ridiculous .
he is very pleasant to speak with !
my nachos , however , were inedible !
they should not charge so much for sub-par seats .
i was completely disappointed with the customer service from the car wash technicians .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !
good nightly specials .
green chile appetizer is unique and the big ass burger is phenomenal .
this goes very well with the best bloody mary 's in town , spicy !
would recommend mark to anyone looking for a quality cut .
the presentation was also excellent .
i got the garden vegetable enchiladas and they were so delicious !
horrible job on nails and toes .
there prices are great .
we have great service and enjoy the ambiance .
nothing but ultra thin cardboard ... ... .
then , we were served a salad that soggy .
had the fish special and it was amazing .
what a waste .
my favorite ny style pizza spot in the east valley .
it just did n't feel clean .
the food , the service and the exceptional ambiance .
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !
i highly recommend and will use them in the future .
absolutely love it !
ingredients diversity was not also available .
but i 'm not in a hurry to return .
amazing restaurant .
love the meats and salads , and of course , the rice .
service was prompt and very friendly .
the mai thai was pretty strong but good .
and had to beg for chips and salsa .
i would never of my own choice go to eat here .
my food did n't take long .
the sandwiches are really good , and the asian bowls are as well good .
however , we no longer go to this location , and for good reason .
great location in the heart of old town .
even when packed the food and service has always been on point .
exceptional food , service and cocktails .
great place , atmosphere our neighborhood bar .
awesome place ... well worth the trip !
the best place to get a steak , anywhere .
great service by tina !
she is a sweet person .
that was four days ago and nobody has bothered to return my call .
today it was totally different and delicious !
so i do n't know if it was cleaned or not ?
my favorite mexican restaurant .
the staff was friendly and attentive .
blueberry cheesecake topped off the excellent service !
overall just a bad experience .
great resort !
a complete insult to italian cuisine .
i agree with two of the other reviewers - this place is horrible .
just like yelp says , i have experienced better .
not so impressed .
definitely looking forward to coming back for future shows & events here !
i had a fever and could n't get warm .
the steak was cut very thick for flank steak and was pretty chewy .
the friendly staff made my birthday dinner a very memorable night .
wrong !
definitely going back and trying something different ... .
everywhere else in the store is hit or miss on customer service .
ick .
that 's no big deal .
this was such an awful experience .
very cool vibe i got from being here .
the event included a _num_ course meal which was not good .
also my dr was pretty awesome you do not really see them much though !
but today was a whole different ball of wax !
excellent .
horrible i say .
service today was terrible .
i explained that the cake was pink .
wow !
i then ordered blueberry pancakes and my husband ordered blueberry waffles .
if you want to serve it family style , please ask first .
they 're excuse was a wedding the night before .
a craft beer heaven .
i definitely recommend the strawberry lemonade !
there are definitely better mexican food restaurants in chandler .
took the wife out to old town and discovered this awesome family owned business .
loved this place !
i have them _num_ home movies on march and called continuously .
the staff is always friendly and competent on the phone and in person .
horrible .
my pedicure was mediocre at best .
also their check-out process seems less than efficient .
the outdoor patio is sooo nice !
we got nachos with beef , guacamole , and baja sauce .
we love coming here to see what 's new .
my wife loves them too .
my family and i will be back .
i do not recommend this bar and will definitely not be going back myself .
that 's ridiculous .
we are clients for life !
avoid this location at all costs .
i hate when i 'm treated rudely .
this should have served as a warning ... a very obvious warning .
the buffet in the morning is worth the price .
i ordered the `` hatch '' omelette , and it was very good .
the broasted chicken is wonderful !
definitely a return spot for whenever i 'm in the area .
all three of us ordered the lobster and shrimp summer salad .
wo n't be back .
thrifty ice cream is available and always delicious along with some assorted candy .
lastly , my nails look horrible !
authentic food .
a nice quiet place to take someone special .
the carne asada and guacamole is so good !
they do a great job .
i complained , but nobody seemed to care .
really good !
i send my friends to them and everyone is happy .
the new renovation makes it hip , classy and fun !
we left full and happy !
the service is always good , and the atmosphere is pleasant .
we decided to still try it and the food was not good at all .
go to bavarian point instead .
i wish i could give it no stars .
the staff was very friendly but the food was incredibly bland .
love this place , they have the best vodka sauce in town .
always good , always fresh , perfect !
it was thoroughly mediocre .
you really can believe the 5-star ratings .
the food and service was excellent .
cool lounge atmosphere with great music and good drinks .
it 's not that hard to make a fresh margarita !
the food is as bad as all the reviews here say .
priceline gave this a _num_ star rating .
overall it 's a nice neighborhood pub .
it 's just bad .
left _num_ days before next billing period .
customer service especially today was excellent .
loved the process from start to finish .
great steaks !
american cuisine seems to be flavored primarily with salt , fat and sugar .
the girl 's up front are very nice .
he has a passion for hair and truly enjoys what he does .
she never even came back to give me a bill .
it was almost _num_ o'clock before our food came !
my corona was $ _num_ and the bud lights were $ _num_ .
i 'm paying a lot of money for the wrong order .
disappointing .
it was all satisfying .
everything on the menu that i 've had has been great .
the service was great -- as it should be because the place was dead .
totally recommend it .
best pizza hands down .
so , john at red mountain was all over it .
unfortunately , it looks like it .
i love this place !
all are very professional .
the ladies at this location were sweet and welcoming .
rude service .
place is horrible and entire staff is clueless including their mechanics .
but it was wonderful .
i bought the package of _num_ , so im hoping for great results !
we will definitely be coming back .
the spanish cuisine is very much americanized .
if that had been done , my opinion might have been a little better .
i love this kind of service .
frankly , their food is n't tasty enough to warrant the risk .
the sales practices are pretty typical of a dealer .
came in for my birthday dinner and had a fantastic time .
i will not be returning .
it 's like it was n't even cleaned .
we love this place .
this is a fantastic spot for views & a healthy lunch !
the server did n't charge me at least but oh my goodness .
ok whatever !
the chicken piccata had almost no lemon flavor .
total con artists .
i bought two steaks , four bacon wrapped jalapeos and two twice baked potatoes .
the music on the weekends adds to the appeal .
the bill was $ _num_ for _num_ adults and _num_ kids .
ca n't believe how rude they were .
he looked at my refrigerator and immediately found the problem .
prices were reasonable as well !
unfortunately i made the decision to try this place out .
they have pretty good bands and decent food .
fun atmosphere !
he should look & see that my teeth are being destroyed without surgery !
i like wal-mart ... it serves it 's purpose .
but the service sucks .
this is the nicest place ever .
for fear of food poisoning , i did n't eat it .
with waters and those meals the total was $ _num_ .
excellent happy hour !
- got it !
top notch , quality attention to detail .
they even invited us back !
i like gammage , but i feel like i wasted $ _num_ .
he did n't want rice so he got vegetables .
wo n't go back there ever again .
good solid breakfast choice .
excellent food and service .
this place is terrible .
no big deal i guess .
i love this place !
will say the staff was friendly though .
great family place with tons of options .
the rest of the staff seemed friendly as well .
the service starts at bad and goes downhill from there .
management is poor , and i will be filing complaint with az health dept .
i had some great whole grain toast w/ it .
tried them for the first time and i will be a regular .
this place could be amazing , but it just is n't .
i will definitely be back in the future for more fun times .
great family restaurant .
i will not be going back !
first , as mentioned , the steak was not cooked correctly .
best tasting cake i have ever had from a bakery !
service was great too .
rude , pushy , and way over priced !
i did not get an upscale steakhouse vibe at all .
we will definitely visit them again .
very cozy and dimly lit place .
we enjoyed the chicken & rib entree , prime rib and the chicken sandwich .
our house looks great !
they should be more worried about their reputation .
that 's very expensive for chicken kabob .
very good service .
mary ann at the bar is a true professional and knows her stuff .
the food tastes so good !
giving this location _num_ star only because yelp required it to post my review .
kelly our waitress was amazing !
i do not smoke .
stephanie at the lab is awesome .
even helped us create a custom designed lift from garage door parts .
service at this location was friendly , and it was kept immaculately clean !
we will definitely be back .
good food cheap nice staff .
best indian food i 've had anywhere in phoenix to date .
it was barely edible .
it 's a nice mom and pop store .
first , i just stopped in on a whim .
what a mistake .
great value .
- poor customer service .
he is very professional and friendly .
a lot of people made comments about it , not just us .
excellent steaks , wine , and choices of bourbon .
always a great experience .
no let me guess what you have !
i would not recommend getting a season pass as there is virtually no benefit !
get my order right , and b . )
staff is extremely friendly and service is top notch .
when the correct food came it was just ok.
this is not new mexican food .
perfect place to bring the family and sit on the deck watching planes .
kelly knows what we need and always has what we need on hand .
we just had lunch the food was very good .
great food .
run to another dry cleaner !
very nice !
the best dentist i 've had .
overall , this will be a waste of your time and money .
go enjoy the food and atmosphere .
i will never recommend this gym to anyone .
horrible service .
very disappointed with everything .
so ... nobody likes having to take your ride in to get serviced .
the reviews were _num_ out of _num_ .
then ordered chips and salsa ; we 've had better .
she was the sweetest and helped my mom pick her dress .
sushi kee on power road is spot on !
this was quite frustrating because i had planned to come in late .
a very nice place to relax and be pampered .
my friends and i stopped at rosa 's for lunch after golf .
shady sales people and owners does n't care .
they looked great to me .
not an easy job but they made it !
every time i have visited i have always had a pleasant experience .
the bug juice is delicious !
the avocado slices on the salad were not ripe and were rock hard .
this one is right by my house so i frequent it a lot .
the grounds and surroundings are beautiful .
greatest tailor in scottsdale !
do not go to volvo of tempe !
our server was very nice but she got basic things wrong .
the only thing that was good were my scrambled eggs .
they are great !
great dive bar in old town !
service was top-notch and atmosphere was great !
this doctor , staff and hygienist are amazing !
thanks again .
great crust and hearty pizza .
it 's jus a fun place .
best burrito ever !
twice our rooms were n't cleaned .
the california roll was delicious with the big pieces of crab !
thanks for the good customer service .
it 's ... like heaven ... on pizza .
the food , the service , the atmosphere - all great !
the food was n't even good enough for the prices you are charged .
thanks cvs .
i felt a little like i 'd been put in the back _num_ .
it took _num_ minutes before our order was taken - at 9:00 at night .
each visit i have gotten the _num_ wash .
inside is totally fine .
i 'm not going back .
it will be worth the wait !
fresh sea food is what makes a sea food restaurant in the desert .
this is a beautiful venue , like a smaller and nicer gammage .
service is great , good wine selection and great happy hour in the bar .
something that even a chinese takeout place should not be able to mess up .
cool little biker bar with awesome bartenders !
do not i repeat do not go to this location !
great experience !
best calzones in az .
not as warm and friendly as i remember from _num_ months ago .
if i pay you $ _num_ .
decent prices .
they could barely get the car doors open .
very competitive and friendly games .
got the fried buttermilk chicken , wow !
a very fun bar to be at .
cheap bread to fill up on .
yummy pico de gallo , blt , caprese , salted , chopped and loved !
needless to say she did n't eat it .
the portions were ginormous , and the flavors rich and clean .
the restaurant in general was not very clean .
is n't that their job ?
i really liked their customer service .
wo n't be eating there ever again .
big mistake .
we went in with a groupon for lunch as a first time customer .
highly recommended based off of customer service !
i have recommended them to my friends and family .
i 'd recommend their nachos too !
most businesses understand that without the customer , the business would n't exist .
no hummus etc for _num_ bucks .
i absolutely love taking my little one here !
the quality of mani / pedi just was n't there for me .
bigger bowls please .
great customer service !
got carry out and even the customer service over the phone was excellent .
you go there , and it 's worse .
the food was good .
service was wonderful too !
i have been here many many times .
lots of dust and old merchandise .
believe the negative reviews because the positive ones are probably by friends or family .
i am so happy to have found this great mechanic .
to make matters worse , i saw him talking to other guests about us .
so it works !
mom and dad just do n't get me .
definitely a place to keep in mind .
great service and nice people .
i love how they have the in store special meal too !
but the meat was very tasty with the extra sauce .
this will be hard to top so new go to sushi place .
ca n't wait to try the dinner show , it sounds amazing !
i had a veggie burro and hubby had cheese enchiladas .
very unhappy with this place .
we were all very happy with our food and service .
i ca n't really describe the vehicles other than they were absolutely gorgeous .
the cilantro based salsa and hot sauce compliment the machaca wonderfully .
amazing prices , and phil is hilarious , and made me laugh like crazy .
sit outside on the patio and enjoy the nice weather !
great job villa deli !
fun if you 're young and have a designated driver .
seriously ... best tom kha gai i 've ever had .
the day of installation brought justin and roy to install .
the flavors were so well blended !
not a family .
i 'm always disappointed .
beautiful views of valley .
and the plain flour tortillas were nothing special .
then buca is for you !
expensive but offers great challenge .
it 'll likely be another _num_ before i return .
there 's another issue : pricing .
this is an amazing place for every occasion !
there 's nothing more entertaining than a night out with friends laughing .
the meat was just ok .
another couple were waiting and discussing how bad the service was as well .
nasty .
i live within two blocks .
however this location is remarkable !
rude gentleman this exact visit .
i am so pleased and kim treated us with kid gloves .
the nachos always hit the spot especially after you 've been drinking .
i will definitely be a regular here !
when i returned my drink had been thrown away .
honest !
thank you !
this is the first time i brought my cat to dr. hall .
the service was fantastic the first night .
the service is pretty good too .
salsa is not hot or good .
would recommend if you are looking for good new mexican food .
the other food is great too .
the only good thing in our combo meals was the warm cookie .
they did n't do anything wrong just felt like the walmart of pet hotels .
unfortunately we had to learn this tasteless lesson on such a special night .
service was good and fast .
service was bad to say the least .
place is awesome .
the sausage patties were pretty good but kinda thin .
and the courses themselves were pretty nice .
we 've eaten here two times now and we really like it .
our server was friendly , attentive and knowledgeable .
the prices are very fair and the selection and service is outstanding .
friendly staff and fast service .
we have had a great experience finding reasonably priced items .
what a wonderful place to stay !
had a horrible experience today .
thoroughly enjoy the food , and atmosphere here .
after our visit yesterday i am still disappointed !
they take their time and do a great job !
the food is delicious and the service is so friendly and helpful !
the food is average to less than average quality .
for what it is , this place is great .
drain in shower smells like back up sewage .
this is a review for my stay back in july _num_ .
when we arrived the place was packed .
cheers to you guys !
i will not be back .
the food was amazing .
great guy !
atmosphere was great inside , definitely worth returning !
very tender and seasoned just right .
highly recommended .
i was not impressed , and did not care for their food .
after the job was completed , the invoice listed _num_ for labor .
however , that was n't the worst part .
spicy enough it makes my nose run and loads of flavor .
lame .
suzanne and her staff were absolutely a pleasure to work with !
this place is awesome .
speedy service and polite and friendly staff .
the band wo n't start without you because no one ever starts before 9pm .
i 've had good indian food , so maybe i 'm biased .
does not get much worse than this .
felt like i was in a bad part of phoenix or something .
i wish i could rate them negative stars .
the hotel is nice , clean and comfortable .
and george and the staff are friendly and super courteous .
this place is one of the worst sushi joints in town .
we asked for more of the watery , chunky salsa for her .
this is by far one of my top favorite restaurants in the city !
they have a terrific chicken parm sandwich .
nice ambience on patio .
did no massage , says it 's only for deluxe pedicure .
what about the time i wasted ?
i enjoyed the tomato and mozzarella salad !
just one word outstanding .
this place brings back sweet childhood memories for me .
super fast !
great job !
we will be back !
she always does a great job and her prices are very reasonable !
are you kidding me ?
anything on there menu is fresh and authentic .
we especially love `` kids eat free on tuesday '' for obvious reasons .
great food and friendly people .
the food was awful .
place was dead .
parking should be expanded but other than that this is a great apartment community .
one of the most extensive wine lists i 've ever seen !
this was my second time at ra .
service was painfully slow .
i hate the sound .
definitely worth the stop !
then , the servers kept trying to rush us .
the only mexican thing about this place was the music .
the office staff are very friendly and personable .
fantastic service !
generally very poor and rude service .
my thanksgiving dinner was so cold i sent it back .
the wine selection is grand and the servers are knowledgeable and helpful .
thank you !
the owner was extremely friendly and knew what he was talking about .
a charming , comfortable spot , with good food and good service .
lady cashier did n't give me my change .
again , too bad they do n't know anything about their wine .
potstickers : pan seared chicken , it was pretty good .
my husband had banana pancakes with side of bacon .
what a great place .
excellent food and an interesting menu .
a friend recommended lon 's , and i am thankful that she did .
i had the best huevos rancheros ever this morning .
everything i have eaten here is authentic from old arizona restaurants .
drinks from the bar were well made .
came here for happy hour and if was off the chain !
not to mention , he knew it was a friends birthday .
i am recommending this company to everyone and i will be a repeat customer !
now i see why their average rating on google is _num_ star .
i had so many problems there i do n't even know where to start !
their house margarita is great !
go buy a $ _num_ bottle of ragu and a box of pasta .
have already recommended them to another friend and will use them again next year .
unbelievably terrible service , and extremely overpriced meals !
excellent food and service , but please do n't press things on customers !
if i would have known i would of stopped shopping .
you will walk out loving the new you !
i would highly recommend jill .
great location and an extremely well trained , responsive and friendly staff .
good customer service which is surprising for a big chain .
it was delicious !
i go here often with friends for beers , burgers , and sports .
i do n't know his name but his music truly made the trip .
awesome place .
a steak house with no potatoes .
i always enjoy the food here .
wow !
do n't even think about moving here .
guess they did n't want our business .
this is one of my favorite places , especially for breakfast .
holy cow was it tasty !
the service was good and the pizza was amazing .
the service was excellent as well .
happy hour is good .
so good .
this experience was a real treat !
when i arrived at the airport , i called the hotel for a shuttle .
service great , made sure i was happy after the meal !
expensive and good .
loved it .
i go to this referral _num_ days later .
i think the portion is large and two people can share it for dinner .
to die for !
this place is the best .
just finished getting a bed bug treatment and they did a great job .
i got half scoops of everything ( no meat in meat entrees ! )
everything on the menu is great .
our server was by far outstanding !
spend your time and $ $ elsewhere .
unlike any i 've ever had , not in a good way .
cosmo salon n day spa is a first class act !
they rip you off .
the staff is super friendly and helpful .
thanks !
but the food quality was n't good for the price .
the service was really poor .
of course , i have a problem with it .
truly excellent , from the service to the food .
they were quick , efficient and most important , honest !
i highly recommend this small locally owned independent business .
the food is not great , but neither is it truly terrible .
i honestly loved it and will totally go back again for the event .
the shrimp was also horribly over cooked .
miso soup was cold .
good solid food at a fair price .
i love this place .
i love the enchiladas with both green and red sauce .
_num_ minutes later and my car is still sitting where i parked it .
everyone was very rude with me .
the pork belly app is divine .
elsewhere where i got a comparable vehicle for the payment i asked for .
one of my favorite stores in the valley .
fresh , good quality ingredients mixed with genuine great service .
never ever returning .
literally best i 've ever had .
worst service ever pizza never arrived .
consistently good chinese food .
no shower curtain either .
still its made to order and is hot .
highly recommend these folks .
they carry very special furniture lines and have something for everyone .
the restaurant and bar are old and poorly kept .
delicious choices .
the people are so friendly .
just play it safe and stick with bottled water .
save your money and do n't bother coming here .
the fried pieces of wonton were the most popular part of the meal .
good to try both !
not just room temperature , but refrigerator cold .
his chinese new year meal is spectacular and requires reservations .
i wish that i could give this place half a star .
no service , no one cares !
highly recommend !
owners are onsite and amazing to work with .
great gluten-free choices and like the new menu options !
good job heather .
this is the second time i have been there with a groupon .
great selection of items , we all found something we wanted easily .
not so good .
the staff was really great too and there is reservations for groups .
we waited another 15-20 minutes and no one ever came .
check it out !
this restaurant was horrible !
the atmosphere is great and the bartenders are awesome .
the hair cut and style are perfect for me .
are you kidding me ?
save yourself an unpleasant eating and drinking experience and avoid this place .
i mean really , really bad .
love that !
he is amazing !
metro is a great place to kill the time .
the food incredible -- we will now be regulars .
they 're truly focused on giving great service to their customers .
it 's not worth it .
this is where things got bad .
the margaritas are watered down .
love this place for breakfast , so much .
the staff is horrible .
i am a fan !
and this was not the first time i 've been to los olivos .
by no means should customers by treated in this manner .
so why only _num_ stars ?
the fudge covered icecream donut is my new favorite desert .
he 's got personality - sassy but warm and outstanding customer service .
nothing fancy just simple breakfast done right ; what more can you ask for .
got to say i am pretty disappointed overall .
love carlsbad tavern !
very clean and excellent friendly service .
best place ever !
how awesome !
i just moved in an so far so good !
well , sadly i made the mistake of coming here .
nice lighting .
sunday brunch here is awesome !
crisp , buttery crust , fresh toppings and everything was piping hot .
their salads are large and delicious also .
the bbq meals at the restaurants much better !
also , the garbage men come every mon .
beautiful hotel .
i will no longer be servicing my vehicle here .
they have some weird system where everyone helps out with all tables .
the tofu and spinach dumpling is my favorite appetizer .
perfect !
friendly !
and its not a cheap course to play .
it is very convenient .
also , the food items are a delicious no matter what you order .
it was packed by 6pm , and i can see why !
great service and bouncers are nice too .
the male manager absolutely knows what he 's doing and deserves a raise .
very professional and does an amazing job .
we chatted the whole time being there and she truly cares and listens .
very obviously annoyed .
thats the only positive thing i can say about joes .
and that was with constant calling and going down to the office .
food & service was , as usual , excellent .
this is the only bad experience i have had here out of several visits .
upon speaking the restaurant they did n't care .
this place far exceeded our expectations !
she said `` no , $ _num_ ) .
the food was good .
the breakfast burritos are not good at all .
service pace bad .
sometime more than once a week , that is saying something !
i 'll definitely be making my way here more often .
one of the best places for eggs benedict .
this place is great .
he is a good honest man and i appreciate that !
we highly recommend the center for dermatology & plastic surgery .
freshly prepared , generous portions , excellent service .
we have found an honest , affordable , reliable a/c repair company .
she 's a doll !
we shared the filet mignon and the fish and everything was very good .
very friendly and helpful staff .
the rotisserie chicken and ribs combo was excellent .
it is definitely my new go to for anything auto , great job !
and even offered me a ride back to work .
she was brought a plate of _num_ bite size slices .
glad we found this place .
great service and authentic atmosphere .
great selection .
things have been good and service excellent .
i bought a groupon for this business and was very happy !
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .
if i could give zero stars i would .
this is my favorite volkswagen service department .
my son 's 1/2 pound burger was supposed to be medium ... nope .
thanks !
they always remember you dog even after a year .
the worst mexican food i 've ever had .
i highly recommend this company to anyone in need !
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !
they flat out lie to you .
it is been some time since my hair has looked this nice .
the same time i bought the sausages i also purchased meatballs .
but not jerry .
it 's dirty and run down .
i found two !
thank you guys .
we got there at _num_ , was n't that busy .
shelly makes great drinks and always has a positive attitude .
just normal , friendly people .
seriously the best cut and style of my life .
great experience here .
if i could give this place _num_ stars i would .
i highly recommend the fresh , not creamy , option .
rachel is the nightmare on top of the nightmare cake !
pizza is awesome , the staff was great .
was really spicy hot and good .
attractive dining room .
great either by the slice or when ordering a whole pie .
this location had bed bugs and would not refund me .
she did n't see it that way and thought it better i left .
service is first rate and very friendly .
customer service was alright .
had to wait a month to get in .
definitely the best thai place i 've found in the valley .
just took our new pup into palm glen and boy was i impressed !
honestly i do n't get it .
they make great coffee and a strong cocktail .
to top it off i had the most amazing service !
i highly recommend this place .
price is very reasonable .
awesome gym !
i could n't believe the staff was allowing this to happen .
not a chance .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .
so i pick it up ... it falls apart .
sometimes crowded , but the staff appeared to keep up pretty well .
everyone should try it .
good eats too for a nice mexican breakfast .
food was a great temperature and flavor was well above par .
the chow mein was not even chow mein by any definition !
i liked the sunday morning menu .
if you want good old school and authentic italian this is the place !
i ate it upset but so hungry after picking off the dreadful items .
this is `` new mexican '' style .
horrible service !
best oranges ever !
i love it here so much .
the price is right , and they take really good care of the dogs .
i would recommend allison to anyone !
so i tell the girl something is wrong it wo n't work .
everyone does hair real well and i am pleased .
wo n't be coming back .
but our portions were quite small and the dishes overpriced .
the shrimp fried rice was not nice .
gross .
i highly recommend eating here .
staff : very cute and friendly .
she is by far one of the best servers we 've had .
i have never been greeted with a smile or sent off with a goodbye .
the eggplant parmigiana was sadly a very different story .
i 've had everything from enchiladas to filet and its all excellent .
went for the midnight and it was so cool !
delicious !
i really want to like this applebee 's but i just do n't .
the meat was n't anything special .
after all the waiting and drama this place just is n't worth it .
finally , two weeks after that , nothing has been done .
probably the best thai in town .
if you have a new born this is not the place to be .
the food is great .
this place was such a disappointment .
attractive place with good food at fair prices .
great prices , specials and relaxed environment .
however , as a complete dish it was an utter failure .
score !
i recommend the dusty road sundae .
make her sing happy birthday .
this location specifically has excellent customer service .
this is always by far my favorite sushi place .
the selection of beer is decent and the staff friendly .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .
i 'm never coming back again for lunch .
we were in and out very quickly and it was an overall great visit .
will definitely become a regular .
it is always clean and the staff is super friendly .
no flat screen and nothing over _num_ '' .
rare to find such high quality authentic food .
my favorite sports bar in old town .
my dad politely explained that we had made a reservation .
even the take out and delivery are great !
we are extremely pleased with our carpet purchase .
excellent professional job !
on weekend nights , ton of energy .
both this one and the one on camelback .
the lobster enchiladas had great big pieces of lobster in them .
i just feel that in this case , it 's hype .
oh , i forgot to mention the cornbread skillet is the best too !
great ambiance thought .
i found this place when i moved to phoenix _num_ years ago .
their is something for everyone .
happy hour prices .
we will not go back .
they make some delicious cookies and deserts .
but it 's not .
what an amazing find .
service was terrible and annoying and the music is to loud .
i recommended that place .
finally someone grabbed me my purse i wanted .
this is their gorgeous love child .
they were never very good .
the golf course is one of the worse i ever played .
go see these guys !
this is a great chinese food place - i recommend it .
what a treat !
unfortunately the service from that point forward failed .
roberts catering did our wedding cake it came out awesome !
this is like home , away from home .
i do n't recommend going there .
this place is fantastic !
they escorted us out ... i was respectful .
gross !
my nails looked worse than when i walked in .
this place is fantastic .
this place has hundreds of sales reps on a floor & nobody knows shit !
cracks us up !
the atmosphere , service and food are really excellent .
classy .
bar service- awful .
two reasons ... the food is always good !
really impressed with their food !
great place to have lunch or lounge at deck overlooking the pool !
i highly recommend it as well .
just wanting money .
great sushi place !
prices are on the high side but its worth it .
the crust was also skimpy and thin .
which is my fault .
sweet and sour pork was fresh and served hot .
i would definitely recommend this place .
all in all , bland and definitely overpriced .
kevin gives the best hand massages !
garbage they deserve _num_ stars !
ridiculous .
the bathrooms were around bad .
nine patients checked in after me and were seen within _num_ min .
love the coffee !
the installer for the project was very professional and courteous as well as hardworking .
kim is the best .
h u g e mistake !
i get my hair cut by jessica and i love her !
this place is fantastic .
we walked out .
needless to say , we skipped desert .
he 's a great guy and does great work !
i called the manager , who spoke very little english and was completely unhelpful .
we have had mediocre luck with the rest .
also , the garlic knots were raw in the middle .
great neighborhood bar and restaurant .
additionally , my tires were significantly out of balance .
new blt is fantastic , staff is great .
both were incredibly delicious .
no kids menu ... not even anything remotely kid friendly .
best burrito i 've had in a long time .
fish is fresh and delicious .
been here a few times and each time we have a solid meal .
great job guys .
now , there is no reason she could n't have spent more time .
scottsdale ra does n't really impress me .
i was treated very poorly by this location and will never use enterprise .
not impressed at all .
hannah , brittany and stephanie were such a great help !
the results are always great and the style lasts a long time .
the hash plate is a favorite .
another great location .
complete waste of time .
avoid this location .
disappointed not to be giving a better review .
an additional _num_ minutes until food arrived .
the office staff will flat out lie to you .
the food was good and served very timely .
not stress you out .
avoid !
all the yrs i have been renting and i 've never had this happen .
the storefront is nice and updated and they really take care of the store .
the best part is they got it done in one day !
i urge everyone go to anywhere else !
the food is always fresh and well prepared .
the food took literally an hour and a half to get to our table .
spinach salad with chicken is my favorite food here .
sometimes they provide live music as well .
the bed was very comfortable .
spent _num_ minutes looking for the bolt before he told me what happened .
pei wei is amazing !
i hope its a bad night for them a few weeks ago .
i love the disney store !
i honestly have no idea why they even bother with delivery .
as noted , this is not a cheap mexican joint .
one had dried mustard or melted cheese all over the back of it .
the service and atmosphere are always a treat too .
nothing new , just wasted time .
fantastic !
the restaurant is very clean , and very nice staff !
very reasonable prices for superior quality .
thank you so much .
reasonable price and so many good options , would highly recommend .
they are playing mexican music on 4th of july ... not even speaking english .
we were there a good _num_ minutes total , and never saw a server .
excellent and friendly service .
i do n't understand why businesses treat their customers that way for delivery .
great job and thank you .
downtown chandler was awesome as it was the first time in that area .
i love this place .
food was below average and the lack of service and smiles really annoyed me .
i really liked that the happy hour runs all night long .
definitely give this place a try !
did n't get it .
love the quesadillas , love the outdoor seating .
highly recommended !
mediocre and extremely overpriced indian food .
the salads are also well done .
coffee still delicious as always .
do n't see it adding anything to the overhead other than a juice machine .
service was friendly and classy .
notified management who had zero amount of empathy or concern for other guests .
avoid at all costs .
i love uncle sal 's !
if you love italian wine this is the place for you .
awesome view great staff and ambience .
really great atmosphere and beautiful patio .
fantastic selection .
other than that , food here is pretty gross .
thank you again !
it was a good way to spend a day .
great place .
i was turned down but offered a $ _num_ gift card for the store .
a little difficult to get to , but it 's worth it .
excellent thin crust pizza ... perfectly cooked crisp thin crust .
waited another _num_ for our drinks .
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !
besides the lack of product , the service here was terrible as well .
this is definitely one of my go to date night places !
great way to start your day in chandler , az !
they charge for everything , fries , toppings , everything is extra .
wonderful experience .
i love the sushi as well .
good drinks and super helpful staff .
stetson salad !
it is fun .
best wine store here in the valley .
regardless , speedy excellent service , and have never had a bad experience !
horrible customer service !
thank you for a special day !
malee 's is all about the food and service !
they are simply wonderful in all aspects of quality and service !
the shrimps are always cooked to a perfect texture .
great sushi .
the deep dish pizza was very good .
this is my favorite subway location in the valley !
that was over one week ago with no call .
food as delicious and was served quickly .
happy hour might be a winner , but the regular dinner is a disappointment .
owner was very friendly as well .
i hate this place .
service was good , and the staff was friendly .
( - one star ha ! )
it was okay , i 've had much better for around $ _num_ .
it 's a very popular spot , and for good reason .
delicious deli !
portions were small , bean were a bit watery .
food was excellent , the service was great and the value is certainly there .
the sandwich was really creative and super delish .
i 've been coming here for years & it 's definitely a gem .
wo n't be going back .
you 're not that cool !
skate to relate !
it is also quite expensive for my taste .
on top of that , the staff is wonderful .
the entrees were not impressive .
pharmacist is so funny !
but wow has this place changed !
i will never do business with jerry or this company again .
i was even going to roll the money into something else from their store .
this is a very cute restaurant , and has very authentic decor and food .
pretty famous place for famous people .
this place is a wonderful way to step back in time & treasure hunt .
a shame because the dressing was pretty good .
the owner is very welcoming and humble from the moment you walk in .
so that did impress me .
she is super friendly which is important for a situation like this .
the yoga studio and lessons were all fantastic .
the food is amazing !
this is a wonderful restaurant .
$ _num_ cover .
the prices were ridiculous .
the filet and shrimp were good while the chicken tortellini soup was wonderful .
not a lot of flavor except for salt .
very cool atmosphere and i loved the booth seating .
brought my car in to get the electric stuff checked .
honest , straight forward and fast .
friendly .
run , do n't walk vw !
$ _num_ , folks .
we will continue to go back .
i love george & son 's .
both times , the arrangements were beautiful and were delivered quickly .
it felt like too much wasted time .
parking is a headache with a five floor gated parking garage .
their staff is pretty friendly .
regardless , i drove down to the place and checked in .
the staff was great and helpful working really hard to keep things clean .
excellent italian food ; some of the very best pizza anywhere .
the food was good as always .
but this was definitely left at the table .
made another visit over the weekend , the same awful experience .
we will go back and get it again !
tori is amazing !
thank you guys for such an amazing time !
it made me feel like a million bucks !
totally bland .
come on guys ... it 's a bruschetta , not sashimi .
service could be better but what restaurants service is good ?
ridiculous .
it 's just delicious , greasy mexican food at its best .
the service was good and the atmosphere was great .
theater is small , but clean , which is why they get _num_ stars .
great service .
this lady is absolutely rude and does not act like a small business owner .
it just really is n't good mexican food .
are you kidding me ?
very friendly staff and very knowledgable !
if you love sports then your going to love this place .
worst management & staff imaginable and all follows from that .
it is pretty good , and the place is pretty busy .
great mid day service for homework time !
the bad : my sister ordered the sea bass which was served with clams .
food is absolutely unbelievable for a bar .
i got the fettuccine alfredo and it was so good .
the spa is the best !
staff very professional and nice .
they 're so good they 're completely full .
most likely it 's screwed up and bad food .
if i had more than _num_ items i would n't have noticed .
you are correct , many other people did not get confused like i did .
we were very excited by what was presented online .
such poor service .
they treat you like family .
they have specials which are very good too .
the staff is always friendly , and the prices are hard to beat .
highly recommend .
but awesome over all .
the food , it 's just incredible .
it was awful .
it 's just a great place to drink a good beer .
no stars granted .
baklava was delicious .
the decor in the restaurant was also very nice .
the place is unique and offers a good time of fun and games .
the place was empty on a saturday night !
i love dive bars .
sent me to collections before even coming to me about the issue .
service was busy at the time , but it was off nonetheless .
so _num_ people @ $ _num_ , spent at door .
why only late night ?
very sad to learn that as i loved the place .
food is n't bad but nothing to get excited about .
very unhappy !
the steak tacos were passable , though i 've had better from del taco .
absolutely delicious !
their customer service is sadly lacking .
the biscuits and gravy were good .
i was vary satisfied with the view .
i heart trader joe 's .
bad experience in and of itself .
no one came by to refill glasses until she again caught someone passing by .
super friendly wait staff .
i highly recommend them if you are looking for anything that they offer .
a great italian deli on par with the best italian delis in the us .
the highlight of our meal was the potstickers with dipping sauce .
so good !
i had the chicken enchiladas and they were very good .
that stuff it awesome .
great bloody mary 's to start the meal , and nice wait staff .
she gives the most conscientious and thorough cleaning i 've ever had .
such a great place to burn rubber !
pretty painless and he 's gentle .
i will definitely be back !
the food was horrible !
no , no , no just do n't go here .
but still for _num_ bucks i think it should fill me up .
i really hate those establishments that hire people who can not speak english .
i highly recommend their grooming and day care services .
a must visit !
absolutely loved this place .
we definitely will be back .
this last pair however began losing their sole offer about _num_ months .
natalie was the best for service .
i was pleasantly surprised , even the waitress was as sweet as their milkshakes .
my bad for going there .
the experience of our dinner here simply for lack of better words , sucked .
the office itself is always very clean and kept up .
fresh pizza dough , and even pizza kits to make at home .
`` ... are you kidding me ?
i was a walk in and got helped right away !
does n't even deserve one star .
all show , no delicious burrito .
neighbors referred us here and we are so happy they did .
he is a great employee , hard working unlike most people .
great store , very clean and laid out well .
this place is a scam , everyone should be aware and avoid them .
it 's extremely awkward !
absolutely the best vet practice in the valley !
ridiculous ...
great place to take kids , especially boys .
this store pretty much delivers what you expect for a jack in the box .
finally , true mexican food .
top notch service .
i also asked for an ice tea refill , which never came .
i went in for a routine visit and then get a bill .
dirty , horribly slow service ... and say what ?
i will definitely return !
i 've worked in the restaurant industry for 10+ years , i get it .
should n't have .
none of the employees take pride of the property .
fast and friendly .
a real , classic fountain !
seriously , most amazing egg drop soup ever !
we have enjoyed this tour on numerous occasions sitting both inside and outside .
it turns out there are a lot of restaurants within short walking distance .
thank you guys .
this last order , we threw most of it away .
mexican food should not be bland .
great food .
loved the atmosphere too .
we were pleasantly surprised with the overall visit .
thank you , dos gringos !
i highly recommend !
remember mexican food is heavy , so go with a good appetite .
i 'm sorry to hear about the groomers emergency situation , rachel .
i walked in today ready to spend money and the service was unbelievably unhelpful .
horrible management .
well worth the time and money !
dinner is overpriced and the service leaves a lot to be desired .
we went to dinner tonight as a request from my _num_ year old .
( terrific hot chocolate , too . )
we enjoyed our meal so much we came back the following day .
do n't know where to begin .
we ordered the pizza with red sauce , with fresh garlic and cheese .
totally not impressed with this place .
went in a few weeks later the attendant tries to charge me $ _num_ .
- _num_ star - greeting at door .
main meal of pork chops and sea bass were boring .
good service , love the parmesan dry rub wings .
filet mignon ... best i 've ever had .
the service at this place is horrible .
i 'd definitely come here again .
my sandwich was the best .
this is my favorite ice cream place in the country .
he said it was n't his problem and he did n't have the time .
`` surprisingly good '' as one reviewer wrote !
amazing team !
_num_ minutes later , the manager tells us to call ahead next time .
would definitely recommend family and friends to come here .
this is my favorite place to go whenever i 'm in scottsdale .
a nice surprise .
love shopping here .
such a great spring training stadium !
saturday afternoon lunch ... none of the employees looked happy to be there .
there is a goodwill located just down the street ( south ) .
and the buttermilk bread was super duper good !
the food is just as wonderful .
service was great - quick , but not rushed and very attentive .
pizza is loaded with toppings , great taste .
worse than living in the ghetto for real .
the hotel is very quiet and the rooms are a nice size .
this pizza was worth _num_ stars .
i love this dive bar .
great job .
the food is good .
the chicken & rib combo along with all of their sides are amazing !
i always recommend this place !
the prices are the best you can get .
great for a business meeting .
luckily , i love lox so it was fantastic .
on the upside , employees were friendly .
a huge amount of food .
the pizza ( especially the white pizza ) are amazingly good !
there was a little too much garlic on it for my liking .
so i would suggest not taking your car here for any service .
the atmosphere was very nice and loved the white tablecloths .
i used to go here all the time .
she gave me great layers and a style that 's easy going .
all it is is a way for the studio to make more money .
it was alright nothing wow .
containers of berries have a few moldy ones in it .
i love pizza so much i can eat an entire large pizza by myself .
the ambiance is simply unparalleled .
wow what favors and the veggies where fresh !
the food is generally very dry and does n't seem very fresh .
my server was engaging and well versed of the menu .
props to the management team !
once we got here and realized it was n't it was too late .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .
finally i walked out , not happy .
i will definitely come here again !
very good food at a great price !
great hot sandwiches .
he thanked me for being honest and said he 'd get me fixed up .
_num_ ) the food catered to our party was delicious !
super nice staff .
the best way to spend ur summer in the desert !
thanks !
i am definitely a fan of _num_ bar !
amazing what great service everyone was getting during the morning before the super bowl .
there is lots of different types of draft beer and the service is excellent .
definitely a hidden gem in the valley of the sun .
i highly recommend the steak tacos , to die for !
thank you john for all your help .
they are worse than bally 's was .
the taste was just as great as the looks !
this place is awesome !
this just topped off a bad experience for us .
_num_ stars for the work .
request the private booths for special intimate dining with unmatched desert beauty views !
excellent pizza !
it 's inexpensive , quick , and delicious .
overall it was a good experience !
this place is fantastic !
gorgeous property and course .
the food is absolutely amazing !
sent it back and she did n't even offer to bring another one .
my hair looks amazing and the customer service here is top notch .
thank you for helping kids in our community !
absolutely the best service !
this hospital deserves no stars !
a very beautiful venue though !
i highly recommend the fine folks at american chiropractic .
thank you .
her prices are reasonable and she 's a fun person to know .
there are two locations -- we hit the one in old town on main .
horrible .
for all those reasons , we wo n't go back .
the older man and woman who work here are very friendly .
it is a pleasure to give them our business .
they are very friendly and helpful .
the rooms are disgusting .
everyone did a great job making her feel at ease during the visit .
very nice patio also !
pretty much asking like it 's my fault that they did a terrible job .
especially after _num_ years and thousands of dollars of business they got from me .
i walked in to print something from a thumb drive .
very good service , delicious food , and all in all a wonderful experience !
love the cantonese chow mein and the festival shrimp is awesome !
everything is fresh and cooked to order .
nasty motel .
glad to recommend it !
it just does n't seem like they care .
dos gringos is my total go-to for happy hours and nights out .
great food , great atmosphere !
he is annoying , cheesy and rude .
to get any kind of service , you need to sit at the bar .
we walked out , could n't find his car and did n't panic .
awesome !
prices are decent too .
customer service was amazing and their hash browns were so unique and delicious !
how awesome !
during this whole time , our waitress did not once come to our table .
no star granted .
every employee i interacted with was friendly and thorough with explaining the process .
we will try again !
i was n't even sure it was about me .
really liked the atmosphere .
absolutely nothing stood out about this place .
to my surprise i walk in the door , there was no line .
service was great .
nicole at rumors is so great and so sweet .
what a great little shop .
the prices are very reasonable as well .
i am sad to say i will not be returning to baker wee .
every one loved it .
absolutely amazing !
too bad .
get in there for a `` big ass '' burger !
it can only get better from here .
nothing special except the patio atmosphere was nice .
best damn salsa in this town .
even desert was sub par .
always a great spot to hit up for mexican food .
the pizza is phenomenal as well .
this is just bad food .
fast , friendly service .
there is spray paint on the outside and the floors are very gross .
the salsa is some of the best there is .
the ice cream is a chain so that is consistent .
loved the pork appetizer , trout , and dr pepper ribs especially .
the coffee is great , and the large orange juice is just awesome .
this place is great .
great time , we 'll be back .
it was a home away from home staying here !
fresh warm tortillas .
always a pleasant experience with no surprises or drama .
i am never using them again !
original , i guess , is one way to put it .
i also recommend the chicken quesadilla - a little spicy , but fantastic !
the whole meal was disappointing .
our family chose this before a baseball game today and very glad we did .
went out and got food and came back .
i love sushi kee !
absolutely the first place i 'd recommend for a tourist or a food snob .
unique atmosphere .
a filet is a filet almost anywhere you go so it was good .
the service is always great .
the special breakfast burrito is delicious .
gross , gross , gross .
upon entering you are greeted and feel like a regular .
oh casey jones , how you have failed me .
there was no explanation as to why ... .
their bar has the best prices !
heck , pump it on to your burger if you want !
they flat out said no and refused me .
this was the worst service ever , will not be back .
i like it and i will go back .
great people , great service .
we seldom hear when someone is great !
he is surprisingly calm around her and she seems to genuinely care for animals .
wonderful wine selections ... great service .
the girls in the office are all rude , no personality .
it looked delicious and was a nice sized portion !
it 's stellar .
i 'm going to get the lens somewhere else and later reverse my charge .
there are two different bar areas , one inside and one outside .
greatest hispanic food in the valley !
ordered online and it was very simple .
very tender steak and the best twice baked potato ever .
i do not understand why people like this place .
i find that ridiculous !
i recommend coming here !
i was able to get in right away with pam .
gross !
i seriously have not had one dish that tasted close to right .
nice staff and doctors .
it took another _num_ minutes for our food to be served .
the beer was nice and cold !
glad to hear they are closed .
i always find great products and great deals .
probably the worst part of my night there .
grimaldi 's definitely came through with a delicious ny style thin crust .
they also bring you bread when seated .
the hostess was rude and impatient , and our server was inept .
terrific , fresh , inventive and interesting menu .
wish i could say differently .
but i just ca n't eat here again .
oh yea , and no chips .
the chips were warm and crispy .
i would n't recommend it .
on this trip we were very disappointed with the apparent changes .
great food and service .
best az day .
his choice was good and the chimichanga was delish .
i had a great experience at suzanne 's today .
so delicious .
there is very little fish on the rolls compared to other sushi places .
the service and food are excellent .
solid food !
i would give a negative _num_ if i could .
waited awhile but she never came back .
highly recommend .
this store always looks great and the customer service is exceptional !
i thought maybe the groomer would be let go , but no .
no roll should be so big that you ca n't fit in your mouth .
really good !
the grilled vegetable salad is one of the best salads in the valley .
my favorite persian restaurant in the country !
dined here after the cardinals game on a saturday night around 10:30 .
the beer on tap is super cold !
the most horrible , rude and incompetent staff !
always happy to help .
by far the best seafood offerings in arizona , in my opinion .
he 's worth the drive for me .
no no no .
no matter what you order the salsa and hot sauce are n't good .
great service.
one of the best local restaurants in mesa !
_num_ minutes later our pizza came .
love to support these local finds !
i love fiesta they have always been very nice .
totally disappointed .
the dine in area is great to eat at and enjoyable .
just truly was n't satisfied .
incredibly good calzones ; friendly service , nice courtyard seating .
she was standing right next to me .
no spice , no flavor , and runny as all get out .
he works fast but efficiently .
i love pizza , and try pizza everywhere i go in my travels .
its one of our favorite places .
shame on you .
the waitress was pleasant and helpful .
this place is clean , well built , maintain .
they also have a clearance section which i loved .
there spicy ramen dish is delicious !
my family and i loved everything .
i wo n't be back .
fast service and courteous .
i think they are a little over priced .
the menu is big so anyone and everyone can find something that 's perfect .
lunch and dinner meals are also fantastic .
the remodel looks amazing !
great fun adult atmosphere !
grazie is honestly one of the best restaurants in the greater phoenix area .
never washed his hands !
staff is friendly and accommodating .
he gave me the price & procedure for servicing the machine .
teachers , staff and coaches are fabulous !
most impressed by how clean they got the bathroom .
service was good , and the food was very nice .
gal at the register was not very helpful while trying to place our order .
the appetizers are delicious and filling , perfect for a quick lunch by themselves .
this place is a landmark start to any party !
it looked disgusting !
oh , and she did n't know how to make anything .
did n't acknowledge that i needed help .
highly recommend the filet or the filet with shrimp .
house salads were ... house salads .
there are much better dining options in scottsdale !
solutions that could be done in a week or less ?
menu has a good variety .
if i could give this place a negative star i would !
my boyfriend 's meat loaf was absolutely delicious .
fair price and great service .
service was good and the atmosphere is comfy .
# _num_ .
bacon and cheese was almost non existent .
i gave them _num_ star because the blonde female bartender has a nasty attitude .
he is very friendly and professional .
it had complex layers of flavor and was cooked properly .
best doughnuts around .
i was disappointed everytime i shopped at this bashas .
she examined and diagnosed my daughter 's eye issue .
i love supporting this locally owned , family owned place .
mussels appetizer was really good .
thanks mike and preston .
the salad bar is exceptional as well .
we had an excellent experience which is why i am writing this review .
the shop is clean , bright and well designed .
great helpful server !
best pizza in the valley .
the service was great , but the food was even better .
they have a good looking white pizza we 'll try next time !
what the hell is that about ?
i had the lamb noodle soup which was really good .
and the charred ribs are amazing !
wonderful atmosphere !
evil and odd how that happens .
but it is definitely worth the wait .
absolutely delicious .
misty is a talented hair stylist .
that was the only thing i enjoyed .
i would defiantly recommend mark kia to all my friends and family !
a fine neighborhood bistro .
it 's fun to see everyone dressed up and in character .
we really came for the karaoke , but we were terribly disappointed .
sweet , spicy , you name it .
it was n't very good .
goodness gracious .
it is appalling that they refused to give me any money .
unfortunately i still hate it _num_ months later .
check it out .
nice vintage atmosphere .
i highly recommend her .
brooke was very friendly and listened to what i wanted .
they love the staff too !
i ordered the country fried steak with eggs and country fries ( crispy ) .
the only good thing about this place is the extremely cheap beer .
just had a great breakfast at oph .
new coffee introduced this past thursday is terrible .
great specials , good enough service .
we ordered three dinners here tonight .
customer service was outstanding .
i am impressed with the service and care offered by the staff .
at this point , we felt like we 'd been there forever .
easily the best italian deli in scottsdale .
good beer prices , good vibe .
all done !
and the pastries are insane !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
great scottsdale location near old town , huge layout with many stalls .
razz always offers interesting wines and amazing desserts !
elements continues to be our go to for special occasions .
great food and the prices are very reasonable .
our waitress hardly checked on us .
love this locals spot .
i 'd recommend this property for a family .
owner is great too always helpful , always smiling .
the food was great !
like `` ehh sorry .
dang we love the original !
the noodles are literally mush .
generous pours for the mimosas !
good sushi and hot appetizers .
not completely convinced i will come back .
although the parking lot is cramped , the location and atmosphere are pleasant enough .
it was spicy , and that 's the way i like it !
soooo good !
loved , love , love this museum not too overwhelming but beautiful !
i love the hummus with the house made bread .
the main reason to go to don and charlie 's is the great atmosphere .
great pizzas , fantastic salads and superb service .
if you want persian , eat in house , not to go .
not only do other reviewers dislike this place , i regret living here .
sonny was very professional and helpful .
excellent food and service .
the beverage was good and strong !
literally stale at this point .
other than that everything was good and i look forward to returning .
amazing food !
_num_ hours !
well i had already made my trip there from the air port .
i would not recommend this place .
austin is the best .
they do not stand behind their equipment .
we also did n't get a menu for almost _num_ minutes .
now i can barely drink _num_ or _num_ at the bar .
gross food .
fabulous food every time !
there was no excuse for the service .
cowboy smiles as soon as we pull in the parking lot .
the team is fast and reliable .
there were at least _num_ employees in the location .
sucks , because this is the closest gym to where i work .
he is not returning any of my calls .
hubby 's sausage and peppers were average .
beautiful restaurant , but do n't go on a holiday !
love the view and good food .
i never saw her taking a drink order .
seared ahi appetizer was ok ... i have had far better .
car was needed again for factory recall on a part .
i strongly recommend visiting frank & lupe 's in old town .
pulled pork appetizer is a must .
food is very good but not unique .
maybe the worst i ever experienced !
sincere .
if i needed it done over night i would probably pay that price .
the crust is the best .
unbelievable .
i love their fitness classes .
everyone was pleased !
i am very upset and disappointed .
thanks for making my experience so great !
great lunch specials and super nice young people who work here .
moore and more goes above and beyond and their quality of work is unmatched !
it 's not a matter or free food but principle .
james says , we 'll let you know what we find .
this place is awesome .
really cool , especially since there is n't anything like this where i live .
both were amazing .
the food is unhealthy , deep fried and cheap .
thanks for being honest and easy to deal with !
free wifi in the rooms was a huge plus .
it did n't make me sick , so i suppose that 's a positive .
he was very knowledgeable and professional .
excellent hanging outside and lots of good corners inside .
food and portions were excellent .
sign up for there rewards program and you will get emails giving deals .
this was the most enjoyable appointment ever .
i will be forever grateful !
great environment and great food .
probably one of the greatest italian spots i have been too .
this wine bar has a great atmosphere .
it was just okay for me , dog .
highly recommended !
it was an anniversary for us and they made it special .
i absolutely recommend darling nails .
been going here for about _num_ years .
friendly staff and good location .
very clean location , a lot of choice on site with the trucks .
service was excellent .
the atmosphere is fun and casual .
front desk staff were really nice .
the staff are friendly and very knowledgeable .
how do you screw up steak this bad ?
this hotel is gross .
i love this sprouts !
the very best .
fabulous experience .
i ordered delivery from here recently and was pleasantly surprised .
love the chimis and my mom likes the fish tacos .
i love this place !
this is pretty darn good pizza !
they did n't seem sorry , more relieved because they needed the table .
the walleye looked very good .
customer service is horrible ... .
well worth it .
they open early for football season and the service is awesome .
huge disappointment .
for breakfast ?
i would recommend them to anyone !
great experience !
love this place .
their double cadillac margaritas are amazing !
great sports memorabilia too !
my friend and i went here during restaurant week .
will go back here again !
i actually did n't buy my dress from them but their service was great .
had a few apps and the wings are great !
i had to miss work time to call and talk to them .
my chicken was swimming in butter , i could n't even eat it .
the chicken lo mein was the most ridiculous of any i have ever had .
the staff was very nice and helpful .
it kind of ruined the entire evening .
love love it !
the owner is so nice !
bring my beautiful wife here and she loves it .
i received no response from barb to my email of concerns .
server gary was excellent .
my favorite is the peanut curry .
you feel like family every time you go in .
got the beef cheesesteak and everything was great .
everything is always cooked perfectly and the waiters are super friendly and efficient .
thank you for selling us _num_ dollar bread .
highly recommended .
our entrees were really great as well .
this place is simply fantastic .
definitely a _num_ star restaurant !
tortillas seemed store bought and fell apart while eating .
the service was great .
sunflower market is the best ... love the local food and friendly staff .
best doughnuts in chandler .
food is ok , but nothing outstanding .
ok simply fantastic .
the food was ehh and no i would not go back .
mixed burrito , amazing !
my favorite is the super sub !
you can tell that everything is made fresh .
i liked it .
came here on a recommendation from a friend .
i could n't even eat them .
i 've had just about everything on the menu , and its all terrible .
divey , dirty , and damn good fun .
wide range of sesame and chili oil .
disgusting chinese food .
and this is my favorite location in the valley .
ended up seeing friends there and having a wonderful night .
i have more money than ur whole god damn family lady .
excellent service .
this is the exception .
excuse me ?
went here for husbands ' birthday last month and had a real fun time .
great bar nice staff great deals !
intimate bar with a great pool table and attentive staff .
good facilities and location .
the service here was really good and they were very friendly .
there were _num_ other tables that had people .
they have a nice salad bar too .
but i have never felt so uncomfortable at a restaurant .
it was like water , without taste .
its a treasure hunt .
i highly recommend living here and the renovations are amazing !
the ice cream was creamy and full of flavor .
i will return to this establishment in a heart beat .
this already threw me off .
the hot wings were week , not hot .
this place has good tacos .
it is one of the best fast mexican food places around .
large open areas , decent bands on stage , and a club dance floor .
his food and moral demeanor are unacceptable .
sadly , it was nothing good .
i had the pork chop and it was awful .
oh , and they have really good selection of regional micro and craft brews .
i would highly recommend them .
ate there with a group of _num_ .
always good service and excellent care for our cats .
the calamari is mediocre and actually smelled pretty bad the last time i went .
wo n't be back .
thank you for making it a memorable night !
def wo n't be back for $ _num_ i have found much better places .
my wife and i appreciated this place .
thank you housekeeping and mike for taking care of your guests .
i recommend saving room for one of their desserts .
amazing food , amazing service , and amazing atmosphere !
highly recommended !
it feels very authentic .
it was ok need some seasoning for sure .
great service , great coffee .
i will not be coming back .
everyone was very pleasant and welcoming to me .
these guys really are woohoo !
eh , not a fan .
just a bad place !
polite , attentive , and quick on their feet .
service is always good .
sensational is an understatement .
what a spectacular meal and outstanding service .
wow !
i could go on and on .
thanks things remembered !
if you are looking for thick crust , this is the place to go !
not vegetarian friendly .
nice guys great service !
in my experience , this is an exceptional company .
she said _num_ moment and walked into the kitchen .
overpriced , greasy , and not really that british .
i 've searched the world for the perfect pepperoni pizza .
i also had a side of the mac and cheese that was outrageously good .
professional service and great pasta with a great wine selection .
great ambiance and outdoor seating that borders on perfect .
i 'm stoked to have found a reliable shop so close to home !
they get things done in a timely manner and are always helpful .
they recently decided that they do not rotate tires if they are remotely worn .
definitely a must try !
it is perfect for the little ones !
the food is always great and their coffee is awesome !
i discovered the coffee cove after moving to gilbert from mesa .
food was fantastic .
we love this clinic !
my order was perfect and in a timely fashion .
this place is downright awful .
i will not be coming back here again and would appreciate a full refund !
the bike even comes with two years of adjustments !
foods good ... fries are great !
not once was there an apology for the service received .
the prices were very reasonable and we absolutely love our windows now !
excellent & friendly customer service !
wines : great .
the bloody mary 's outstanding .
they could n't pay me enough to go back .
i do n't know how it could have been broken '' .
food and service are impeccable .
great place .
thanks !
i 'm officially completely annoyed , and ask for the check .
awesome !
they over charge .
off to a good start !
one gentleman purchased chips and a hotdog .
all delicious and we will be back !
cheers would be proud !
i had to go to the front counter to get my drinks refilled .
everyone was very nice and helpful .
we waited another _num_ minutes and no one waited on us .
price is very reasonable .
the park was extremely over crowded .
get everything in writing and write down who takes your call .
well this course is an executive first off !
i always have fun here whether alone or with a date .
not me !
i used to go to this restaurant , long ago .
pretty ridiculous .
got ta love that thick chicago style pizza .
to meatball , thank you for everything !
service and food were awful .
are you kidding ?
great service !
i do n't think i 'll return to four peaks .
the baked potato was decent .
i sent it back and they offered me some more toast or home fries .
my groupon is only for the two windows .
i really love that everyone knows my name and i am treated like family .
everything was clean and comfortable .
great service , best prices , much better than filibertos .
grateful even when i am paying .
i really liked their chips and salsas .
also the $ _num_ guac was now $ _num_ on the bill .
she knows the merchandise like no other .
the cheese plate is phenomenal .
super yummy breakfast burritos !
the cod fish lacked flavor .
really , do n't .
they do n't want to create satisfied guests every time .
both were very delicious !
tucked away and somewhat hidden this starbucks has good service and friendly staff .
great service at this location .
it 's not printed on the menu !
the food was good for what it is .
i love it , i love it , i love it !
i enjoyed the bands playing but the marquee is ridiculous .
best ny style pizza you can get in the area .
and worth it .
decent little bowling spot .
this place has the best service .
the view , spectacular .
highly recommended !
from the very beginning things started to go wrong .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .
great service , great pizza .
in terms of taste however , he said that it was okay .
i love this store !
so gross .
not impressed , the burritos were small , lukewarm , and sort of bland .
since their remodel this trader joe 's has really stepped up their game .
another great time at bandera !
and the bloody mary was all show and no taste .
i absolutely love this place !
it held a vacuum , there was no leak .
nonsense !
i got a half order and i was so full !
gross !
you can buy a brand new bike at walmart for $ _num_ .
they are all so nice , helpful , and knowledgeable .
i totally agree with lou on this ... totally overpriced and crappy selection .
this is truly mediocre , yet totally veg , fare .
wonderful location , actual trees ... no mall ... $ _num_ soda machine .
i came for a full set .
if you eat sweets , i also reccomend the rocky road .
deserves zero stars .
it 's just so good .
good service and food at reasonable prices .
it was not made to order .
this place is horrible .
even the refried beans are amazing .
the outdoor seating is nice though and there is plenty of it .
cheer up people .
my dish was equally bland .
it was not greasy at all and had a nice flavor .
the arts center has a lot of potential .
probably from the 70s and obviously not maintained !
actually , she did n't get me one , she got me twenty .
i can tell the unit is very well maintained .
the waiter could n't even explain why .
great food .
very small and quaint .
it 's horrible .
great local cafe with excellent prices too !
otherwise , go eat and enjoy !
the salad was good .
they give you straight up answers and fix what is needed .
the ladies , table chefs and sushi chefs are always attentive and positive .
seriously the best italian food place i have ever been to !
very good food .
always take their time and does it right .
always very helpful and honest and never try to up sell you !
celebrate an anniversary and it was amazing .
nice atmosphere and a welcoming staff .
but i wouldnt want to take my niece and nephew .
i would and do highly recommend them for your pets ' care .
i feel bad for his employees .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .
thanks vito 's !
first off , the bread they brought us was disappointing to say the least .
umm , no thank you !
love the happy hour here !
thank you again !
the ambiance is laid back & sexy , and the staff beyond hospitable .
they were certainly was not the sushi we were used to .
love phx but this is just another hyped up average girl next door .
was pleasantly surprised by the fast seating and friendliness of our waitress judy !
not _num_ .
avoid at all costs !
their dishes are pricy but you get a lot and it 's very tasty !
the staff was excellent and efficient .
where i 'm from spoiled me i guess .
i got the beef enchiladas and it was great !
it was so rude .
chicken was chewy and did n't have much flavor .
two thumbs up .
it was n't very busy for saturday night .
bad food bad service .
the surrounding area is very dark and a bit hard to see .
definitely recommended !
rumors is a great salon .
i also enjoyed the texas toast that the hot dog came on .
nothing special let me tell you !
disappointed in the direction they are going .
thanks , mike !
the macadamia nut halibut was wonderful .
we found this place from a recommendation from a friend .
when in phx ... first dinner is always at the golden greek .
atmosphere at the bar is friendly .
the best pizza !
and salsa ... had to ask twice for that as well .
they have a wonderful selection of books and cards .
love everything about this awesome place .
we also got a caesar salad that was really good as well .
make sure you try all the food and catch all the shows .
guess they must not need the business .
about _num_ minutes later , i ask if they 've found anything .
but this place is awesome !
i do not like that so did not get any .
the installer very professional .
pity , because the food was good .
i ca n't say enough about this place .
the food was fresh , delicious , and very filling .
simply not acceptable .
the guys treat me like norm from cheers .
chicken tenders are legit too .
one gentleman purchased chips and a hotdog .
we probably ordered our food about _num_ minutes after we had all been seated .
got may transmission replaced _num_ years ago and have had nothing but problems since .
after the new manager came in , everything has gone downhill .
it was fun , and the food was pretty awesome .
the cake was delivered on time and exceeded my expectations !
aaa , this is an insulting way to treat your members .
when she came back , she seemed pissed and offered me another drink .
i then walked to the restaurant and put my name in .
we spent _num_ dollars and this is how he treats his customers .
i went there at christmas time and it was wonderful .
the sandwiches were mediocre at it 's best .
good place .
the property is truly amazing .
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .
low water pressure from the shower .
excellent food , large portions , and great price .
with the hype surrounding it i had high expectations .
first off just wanted to say you have the best bouncer in town !
twice in _num_ week you have really let me down .
the chicken sandwich was n't as big as i thought it would be .
not sure and i do n't care !
this place is a rip off .
this is the place to go to chill and have some great wine .
i wish i could give salt cellar zero stars .
one of the worst dining experiences we have had in a long time .
the problem came when we received the bill .
handed me the shoe and walked away .
blue adobe is our meeting place for abby bella dance scottsdale .
the salmon being the biggest surprise and the best salmon i 've ever had .
now you lost a potential customer .
now off to enjoy this sunny day at fashion square .
friendly , affordable and perhaps my favorite enchilada sauce in town .
this place knows how to cook bacon properly .
so romantic ... ... ... yet so fun !
the service was terrible .
terrible !
tina was absolutely wonderful !
their burgers are great too .
wow .
disappointing experience .
it 's a great gym to call home !
very happy !
and the mango ice cream is a good way to end the meal .
it has changed hands many times and getting worst .
all of our food was cold including the mexican chocolate lattes .
this place is a complete scam .
gross .
the tortilla was really fresh which was a nice surprise !
all of the staff is knowledgeable and extremely honest .
delicious .
i said , these are home fries .
however , my first experience with gus ' was quite negative .
went there for a lunch recently , and was somewhat disappointed .
do n't waste your time .
i trust them !
no , it 's worse than that .
i ca n't recommend them enough !
josh was great !
honest , fair , and reliable .
why do the seem to disappoint once you 've raved about them ?
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .
i said so the add is all bull crap ?
but the food is excellent !
the food was the best food i 've ever experienced .
hard to say .
this place is in need of a major makeover .
service is poor .
best philly in az & the pizza is awesome too .
pizza is always great with a nice thin crust that is crisp .
it 's clear nate loves his job and the customers .
love it , it 's a sun morning staple for us !
we walked in and sat right at the bar .
i do n't blame our server really .
it is extra cheesy and the bread is incredible !
i really have never experienced a server like that in my life .
hours are great for people who work .
the entire staff is very friendly , professional , and helpful .
the honey chicken is delicious !
bad service .
a great place to bring a date .
great place fo take out or eat in .
_num_ minutes after they seat those _num_ people , _num_ more people join them .
zero personality .
$ _num_ for a veggie sandwich on `` toasted '' bread that was cold .
so , he had to go get it again .
he was courteous and did an excellent job .
it also takes a really really long time to get any sushi rolls .
always great customer service .
thanks for always making us have a good time , lon 's .
the people here are awesome !
the post he put in was too big and too deep .
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !
they went above and beyond to make him the best cake .
just the experience was top notch .
great place .
a great find !
i would recommend this location to anybody .
once again a delicious meal .
great meat and cheese selection , with killer pizza .
friendly staff nice hospitality hour and pool area .
_num_ ) only _num_ chocolate dish on the dessert menu .
we left shortly after .
_num_ stars only because our server was cool .
as good as it gets .
great spot for breakfast in the trendy east hollywood neighborhood of scottsdale .
very happy with the grooming .
do n't make the same mistake we did by going to this one .
thank you !
they were terrible !
the ladies that work here are always nice to my kids .
best mexican food in town ... hands down .
and best of all , my truck looks better than before the accident .
love the wallpaper market .
they have all these crazy little charges for everything you can think of .
worst mcdonalds ever , horrible service .
fast , inexpensive quality work .
we would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a local spot .
... steak and cheese sub is my personal favorite .
we had been here maybe _num_ years ago and did not remember much .
no one had a drink except me .
so why _num_ stars and not _num_ ?
the challah bread french toast was unique .
i am always happy with their service .
service was n't attentive or bad .
the meal was only $ _num_ + tax .
the bartenders are always nice and on top of shit .
the people are very welcoming and friendly .
they are uneven , and actually painful .
spend your money on another one .
thanks and we now have an electric go-to company !
awesome service !
just had the best pizza in my life .
well , long wait .
but the staff at this gym were extremely rude and impatient !
when they charge you , front desk says only _num_ $ dollars .
food is always great and fresh !
horrible service and over priced !
fish was fresh and tasty .
the staff are always friendly .
amazing egg foo young ... the only place i will eat it !
i expected better service and better food for the money .
this place is very cramped .
all were delicious .
i 'm so happy that i 've found a new hair salon .
it does n't seem safe at all .
i like that they have beautiful things in all price ranges .
even if it does cost me a little more .
everyone was very friendly .
beautifully made dishes , indoor/outdoor seating , cool fixtures and massive bar .
very caring and professional .
i love ra .
my favorite place in the state .
well done guys !
how in the world did they happen to make the same mistake twice ?
phil is awesome .
the hash is awesome but our favorite part is the mexican coffee .
could not believe his response .
a great evening !
words like quaint , charming , and old fashioned come to mind .
really good , i like the vegetable enchiladas .
we also love ordering from rush street when we watch the ufc fights .
fries were soggy and everything else was lacking flavor .
this is a `` must go to '' sort of place .
the hotel is not four stars as stated .
wrong !
i was pleasantly surprised by the customer service i received .
two plates were brought for a total of _num_ .
places like this are such a refreshing change of pace here in phoenix .
probably the worst bike shopping experience i 've had so far .
i guess that was true because i gave in and ordered it a _num_ .
both times , i left without purchasing .
warning !
the eggs are not cooked properly and lack salt .
it 's quite simple , really .
this place provides a roof over your head -- nothing more .
view , breathtaking .
buffalo has the best wings , boneless and traditional .
this was $ _num_ for two of us , but did include admission .
ok bar food , basic frozen items fried .
i 'm a big fan ... .
will use them again , and recommend for sure !
sad that there is no local contact to express my concerns ... .
my wife and i love the food here .
they did a wonderful job !
great place for breakfast !
it was beautiful and delicious .
service was courteous and professional .
my kids loved it !
everything was tasty and the service was very good .
the food was delicious , and enjoyed by children and adults alike .
i will never be staying at this location again .
this is hands down a very good italian restaurant .
the overall appearance was n't very clean .
good selection of wines and pasta in their little market .
quality food .
prices are decent for what you get and the portions are generous .
i 've been here many times and have always had an excellent experience .
i was forced to even give this _num_ star to post a review .
small , unassuming restaurant .
love this place .
good food , good service .
it reminds me of my grandparents house with some good home cookin ' !
the best steak on the planet !
this is definitely our go to chinese food place for now .
another badly managed chinese restaurant that ca n't cook .
worst service ever .
save your money and skip this hole in the wall .
best pizza i 've ever had .
the carne asada nachos are also very good .
delicious !
this place impressed us .
i swear , this place will charge a cover if the radio is on .
next time we are in scottsdale , we will be back !
the amenities are average , not worth this premium .
felt like i got way more than what i paid for !
that is not okay !
more expensive but worth it !
after traveling all day , we were exhausted .
the restaurant seating is ok.
to my face none the less .
jack was the best .
great service !
my aaa membership is so worth it !
fresh air .
drinks were good , service was great.
i gave the restaurant _num_ stars .
not so much .
_num_ comes still no pizza .
this past saturday , however , was horrible .
i probably wo n't visit again .
you are in good hands and will love the results .
highly recommended , they know their stuff !
an hour later i received a text stating it was ready for pick up .
bosa and bosa delivers some seriously fresh donuts at 3pm .
this is hands down one of my favorite places to eat .
_num_ ) do not hire her bartenders or wait staff !
a flavorless meal .
steak and eggs !
thanks tony !
phil helped me out last minute and provided us with humor while we waited !
why ca n't the foundation sell their work for them in the museum shop ?
never ever even consider this so called college .
great hotel , very clean .
they have amazing gluten free pizza and delicious salads .
food was bland and way below average .
they make the best green chile in old town !
the pork was ok , not terrible .
they were honest , professional and courteous .
there was no receptionist and i waited _num_ minutes , still no one .
best mom and pop shop around !
we were the first orders in , no one else was in the restaurant .
i hate to see this place go under .
luv it !
if you ca n't call ahead you can always go straight to the bar .
my kids even loved him .
the glazed are the best !
i especially liked the hummus .
finished my steak , still no cheese .
no darn it shoes !
the best breakfast spot in arizona !
uh , i know i 'm heavy .
sad they ca n't update and spend money where it 's important .
_num_ stars - i 've experienced better , many times .
clean , good food and service i highly recommend .
tom yum : was possibly the worst i have ever had !
loved the service as well .
not including the aggravation of dealing with their poor customer service .
best subs in phoenix !
amazing customer service , fast work , and great prices .
this place is the best !
however , we were horrified that you had a vendor offering elephant rides .
no bueno .
while there , the same manager walked by us .
the staff is so helpful and friendly and the variety of products just great !
vision quest , just for the record , you suck .
i will never walk into bashas again .
just a really chill bar with a good crowd .
i attend their happy hour every other week .
wo n't come back again .
good customer service .
i have been here twice and both times have been very mediocre at best .
no i mean very bland .
called tuesday cuz no one called me .
they did a stellar job !
the strip steak was decent and the service was okay .
the plantains were good .
nice , friendly atmosphere .
we were surprised and impressed .
really big waste of a night .
very gross !
great food with a new mexican flavor .
i will certainly go back !
needless to say i 'm never coming back here !
he is very thorough with his work and a perfectionist .
great bread sticks .
the house band is really awesome as well as very talented .
with phenomenal views of phoenix .
a small hot fudge sundae that was the perfect size .
so i am going back for a third time at getting my car back .
in short , do n't waste you time .
i was so hungry i didnt care .
they do n't serve food but you can bring it in .
very good church , makes me feel right at home .
everything else is terrible .
thanks guys .
however , we had my nearly one year old baby with us at dinner .
a good meeting up spot .
she does n't care about customer service .
i 've had better food at olive garden , and that 's sad .
it 's now _num_ minutes after i ordered and still no food .
keep up the good work guys !
not much flavor , just a hint of lemon .
always the best !
she answered phones for a good ten minutes before even saying hello !
this lady was so rude i am never going back .
i love domino 's !
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
amazing .
it 's a fun place and we had good service .
just moved here for il and this is our new favorite go to spot !
food are fresh and delicious .
we have eaten here before but this time it was not worth it .
is this remotely close to how one should appropriately handle a food safety issue ?
a little spicy but it was delicious !
it was way over-cooked and not really spicy .
they were very sympathetic and said to come right away !
all together though , i would recommend this place for sure .
it 's a quiet community .
how dare he say a customer is wrong !
some very high end .
( customer service is not there specialty ) .
the service is almost always very good .
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .
hardly any wait , and now i know why .
service was attentive .
very unfortunate and we are not likely to return .
love the cooking classes too .
are you kidding me ?
meat market is awesome !
went here for history and was disappointed .
great food .
like _num_ % rice .
everyone was saying how great it was and they were right .
the quality of food is spot on .
never ever go to this location if you are looking for fast food .
the staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
i am a huge fan of discount tire .
i was given the wrong phone number for an advisor ( complete accident ) .
my sister and i very disappointed .
bartenders were great -- busy and attentive .
fun people .
thanks sean !
seriously , go visit this gem tucked in the middle of mesa .
place was very good !
i 'm always going to remember that magical evening with my beautiful friend .
they were nice , delivered fast and food is perfect .
awesome awesome awesome !
lady had no clue how to do math helping us .
late _num_ i had an experience that was just horrific with aaa .
it anyways has been there on weekends .
amazing service and really friendly staff !
eddie is one of the most attentive , personable servers at this location .
thank for making a delicious and great looking cake !
thank you mark .
their large pizza is huge , but their crust is flavorless .
needless to say , we went somewhere else .
i care about if they fix my car or not .
food is always delicious and the service is good .
i 'll definitely use this company again .
oh my goodness ... it is a total nightmare !
service was not too good either .
the food is hot and the serving sizes are huge and good .
she was very rude and upset as if this was my fault .
you will not be disappointed and this cruise is good for all ages .
what little filling there was was significantly over the spiced .
rip off !
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
never had this style of pizza , and it was great .
best vacation spot ever .
great place for kids .
so romantic .
love it !
absolutely fantastic .
two thumbs up !
fabulous thin crust pizza with high quality authentic italian ingredients .
great friendly fast service !
the worse place that i have done in the last _num_ years .
too bad !
best chile in town , the most amazing poblano dish in the southwest .
server said sorry every time she stopped by and said where 's your wine ?
always for a special occasion .
great atmosphere , cozy bar , excellent food .
i love this restaurant .
good food , good service .
amazing pizza !
i honestly do n't understand how anyone can give this place any stars .
incredible !
i 'll be back in all the years to come !
i got the chicken wings which were about $ _num_ and a beer .
the lady making the food was not interested in working that day .
she always had a smile on her face .
we always feel welcomed and well taken care of .
i used to live in mesa back in _num_ .
there was no empathy at all .
wish i would have read the other reviews before making reservations .
she does a fabulous job on my highlights .
they also have sandwiches and pasta .
in the `` upgraded '' apartment there is a washer and dryer in unit .
i do n't think you will regret your decision .
alexis was amazing tonight !
sooo delicious !
perfect little dive bar !
will definitely be back and highly recommended .
the service was excellent ; friendly and fast .
and it was great then to !
she is very professional and personable .
always come back !
roaring fork has a great happy hour .
just my _num_ cents .
complete rip off , dont believe the hype .
money wasted !
her alterations were even worse !
i purchased carpeting for my nursery from furniture plus .
they also have really good appetizers .
i will definitely return !
beautiful place to relax and enjoy a glass of wine .
the only thing that was good was the jasmine tea .
it is a hidden gem !
our pharmacist was friendly and patient .
this place seems great .
they were professional and did quality work .
i actually have recommended them to two people since my latest appointment .
i 'm never going back .
they do an awesome job , wendy in particular is amazing !
it took another _num_ for our main .
whatever you do , do not go to this hertz .
i would recommend this place to others .
i recommend this place to all my friends and family .
the suites are spacious and very clean .
a little pricey but the food is good so it was worth the price .
moreover , the wine list was terrible .
our dining experience was less than desirable & very disappointing .
$ _num_ bad margaritas .
she will not smile .
the set-up here is a bit awkward , too .
fun , reasonably priced place for ribs & steak .
all i can say is it is well worth it !
ugh .
we had the antipasto platter and it was great .
they are always so friendly , helpful and knowledgeable !
this is supposed to be a place of healing & relaxation .
the clever drinks also hit the spot .
i hate to say this , but save yourself the trouble .
first class service .
i can not wait for them to change management and hire new security staff .
it was a very bad experience .
afternoon eye candy very weak .
we absolutely love this restaurant , best italian food in chandler .
i 'll definitely visit again !
this is the kind of bullshit that just doesnt need to happen .
fake cheese is really sold !
good honest company .
love papago brewery !
the vegas roll is my absolute favorite !
this was a disappointment and true waste of my time .
spinach artichoke dip was great .
i think i 'll stick to drinks only from now on .
one clerk said someone would be with me shortly .
however , nowhere on the pass did it state any of these restrictions .
you can not be serious .
maybe it 's always this way here .
i had my wedding here recently and it was so beautiful !
i will definitely come back to this restaurant !
but it 's nice i have that option .
the portions are huge and the food is excellent .
i love this place .
the lobby , gym and surrounding areas were just great .
their new location is more crowded , cramped and hot than the last one .
i 've stayed here at least _num_ times with no problems .
she argued with me _num_ more times about letting them try again .
great spot .
will not go to again .
denied service because our party of _num_ is too big ?
great patio to sit when the weather is nice .
horrible service !
someone else probably walked out before us because they were never served !
very friendly staff in this small restaurant .
great place to practice your swing and got good service and good shape course !
the staff are friendly and welcoming .
the night i was there it had a lot of screaming kids running around .
overall , it was n't bad for the price .
i highly recommend .
good prices !
so whatever they suggest i recommend ordering one spice level down .
this was the same thing i found on my scan .
so good !
super yummy !
there are no smiles and no customer service .
they 're very upfront and honest which i can respect .
nice atmosphere and quaint setting .
very knowledgeable staff always professional and friendly .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
we came in and nothing of ours was done .
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .
very happy with their work and would recommend them to anyone !
we ate our food and drank our one drink , and waited .
friendly and nice people .
they have very nice wings , and a very cheap pool table .
the beer for $ _num_ was not outrageous .
however , the hostess refused to seat us in the dining room .
our food was good and the drinks were great .
there goes your tip people .
will definitely be back again with my friends !
found an awesome granite dinning room table and got a great buy on it .
chris is a friendly guy to deal with .
all of our towels were clean .
then the vet came in and i was even more impressed !
love this place !
fun place .
if was n't for the view i will not return .
the table was left full of dishes the entire time .
use for a romantic event .
awful service awful food .
this business is really a hidden gem .
the change in management is a disaster .
we took the _num_ hour scenic tour .
i love this store .
a true hidden gem in downtown mesa .
this is as authentic as it gets for italian grocery .
however , it needs a shot in the arm .
amazing breakfast !
when in doubt , the machaca is always good .
the coat did not fit well so i returned it .
actually everything we have tried there is amazing !
prime rib is fantastic , with a delicious herb crust .
the food is a bit spicy but fantastic tasting .
brunch is equally classy and relaxed .
it 's not the staffs fault it went down but hey !
but i recently passed it today and remembered how great this place is .
it 's sort of hidden but has a great bar area and patio .
midwest meats is an excellent place to buy all your meat products .
great price and great playing atmosphere for the my little kids .
i will definitely recommend this place .
been going here for years everyone is so friendly .
she lives right off the _num_ and bell i believe !
the sushi itself is nothing special .
your store employees are pathetic .
extremely kind and service oriented staff with good food to boot .
terrible !
we always have a good time when we go here .
alway a fantastic and inspiring visit .
lady who works the front is awesome .
it is one of the best margaritas i have ever had !
it was almost empty , maybe _num_ people total .
totally great .
honest !
do not waste your money and time .
do n't waste your money !
this could be the best thai food restaurant in town !
this was a serious disappointment .
shop is clean and all the customers i saw seemed happy with the service .
the waitress was complaining the entire time about being overworked .
i used to have a bashas next to my house which was great .
it 's a family-friendly place as well .
it was doughy and undercooked with no flavor .
i love my cut , have been going for years .
i ca n't recommend this store highly enough !
_num_ burritos - food was super bland .
i was really happy with this place .
the ambiance was nice .
hoping they change back to original chicken .
simply one of the worst meals ever .
the pancakes themselves are pretty good .
great style advice , too .
defalco 's nails it every time .
the dead walk amongst us .
if you go in with this attitude , you 'll really enjoy the experience .
i had the beef cheesesteak and wow .
he loves , loves , loves grimaldi 's .
the food and service are great .
great date place !
bad service .
the older ladies that worked here were so friendly and helpful .
persian room has everything that makes it an authentic restaurant .
do n't settle for this bs .
the staff is ok , not extremely nice but not mean .
i use to live at shadow creek and loved it .
buy them online and save , even after shipping .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .
great donuts ... service is just ehh .
i walked over and signed for my purchase .
their sesame chicken is so incredible and also the crab puffs are amazing .
great , funky atmosphere and wonderful food .
the special of pizza and wings is great .
i am _num_ times worse than when i first starting going to this facility .
great sushi , good variety , good pricing .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
hey , you do it for the scottsdale bars - so leave me alone !
check it out !
after class enjoy a latte or snack in the cafe .
great food at a great price .
if i could give zero stars i would .
until i tried other indian places , that is .
brenda and her staff are excellent !
the new england clam chowder was so watery .
the mac and cheese was literally a few noodles and some watery cheese sauce .
they brought out our salads before we had finished with the appetizer .
all in all , i was not impressed .
my girlfriend hates seafood yet she loves everything razz serves up .
these guys always go above and beyond .
very patient with the order process .
definitely pick up deals when you can too !
let me begin by saying i was really looking forward to this place .
we were in good hands and confident in our purchases .
it 's just a kid for crying out loud .
nasty .
food was excellent and filled with a variety of options !
service a little ... disconnected .
do n't waste your time .
great little mexican restaurant .
veggies are frozen and the salads are out of a bag .
dr. marks and his staff are extremely rude !
i looked at her and said `` ok , can i see it '' ?
the hollandaise sauce is disgusting , and the ham needs to be sliced much .
it 's classy , with a beautiful view of the valley !
this place is great !
even the salsa was lacking .
and do not go here if you want friendly service .
wish one could do _num_ .
overall , the staff is friendly and competent .
great food , good service , wonderful groceries !
the staff are very helpful .
wow !
first time here for a party off _num_ after passing many times on mill .
he also has guinness on tap .
it was just yuck .
we love this place !
she had to get a to go box because the service was so slow .
this did n't go so well ... yikes !
i 'm a big fan of grimaldi 's and especially the old town location .
ordered no meat , all vegetable burrito and got served extra bacon burrito .
they have a wide assortment of fine wine as well as cocktails .
breakfast is my favorite here !
fun environment .
i would highly recommend them .
never once did our doctor try to get to know our daughter .
i actually found a few really nice items with tags still on .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .
strike _num_ .
good thing my girl friend had all ready purchased tickets .
the vegetables with the beef were raw .
would give zero stars if i possible .
yummy tacos !
do n't waste your money .
he 's so wonderful with my children .
the food , the view and the service is fantastic !
way too much to write in detail .
she told me `` it 's just not going to happen '' .
but if you love noodle , do n't miss this place !
she stated they will not plant anything they do n't deliver .
rip elmer and thanks for all the wonderful food and great memories .
no awkward old guy .
sorry , keg - wo n't be back .
it should be on the outside warning people not to go in .
they are friendly , very well organized ( great follow-up and reminder calls !
went using a groupon .
what a great , honest place !
ordered _num_ drinks .
great place !
these guys moved my baby grand piano last week .
we anyway seems starbucks has done away with ordering beans by the weight .
definitely recommended !
rather unfortunate .
plus , the service sucked .
my experience here is always so pleasant !
i 'm not usually a sushi fan , but i loved it here !
the batter is light and flavorful .
had a wonderful mothers day brunch .
keep up the good work and thanks !
cheese sauce which used to be made there was coming out of a can .
a great scottsdale staple !
i would highly recommend cowboy ciao , but make your reservations well in advance !
weather was perfect , music was fun , had a great time .
good neighborhood grocery store .
such a disappointment !
great place .
what a disappointment !
service was really great for a busy sunday morning breakfast !
if you like quiet , romantic dinner , then this is the spot .
my cat got excellent care and has recovered well .
the atmosphere is very casual , and the food is consistently delicious .
i would suggest dont go to her .
the butter cake dessert is an absolute must to finish the meal .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
the parking arrangement is stupid , to put it plain and simple .
a fun treat !
the pizza and appetizers are enough to keep you coming back !
service was excellent !
everyone is always so knowledgable and willing to help .
not very professional , vision quest .
this service here has been very friendly .
we moved to a table inside .
the lady that helped was nice , helpful , and patient .
the service at thanksgiving dinner was the worst i 've ever seen .
will return time and time again ... .
excellent find for us .
delivery is always fast and usually earlier than the time given .
interesting dive bar .
i just had a very bad feeling about this place .
in december , there was a great music performance .
i really liked this place .
food came quickly and was delicious .
and they do get packed !
just after being sat in the bar area we saw the biggest freakin rat .
it .
it is a shame it was great , but i would never go back .
the problem was the food .
wow !
so this guy takes his stand with diet soda ?
fry 's , you just lost a long term customer !
was with a big group and they kept up with the service .
easily solved upon ordering .
i wish i could leave negative stars .
we had a great dining experience at the bravo bistro last night !
a great doctor that is always getting me throw my small medical issues ... .
the food was fantastic ... like always .
overall , my food experience here was excellent and i 'll be coming back .
really nice green chili .
first of all , great service .
i love bbq so that helps .
do yourself a favor and find another dry cleaning service .
my mother and i went to get our nails done for a night out .
every now and then you find a bar that knows your name .
_num_ customers and one waitress ?
just say $ _num_ and be done with the false advertising !
suggested by someone we met and did not live up to the hype .
dr sullivan is the best dr i have ever had .
we hung around the pool all afternoon , then enjoyed treatments .
we worked closely with chris , the owner and he is remarkable .
follow up with the gm has not been pleasant either .
photos were a bit disturbing , but not in a good way .
love this place .
she took everything off me and sent me out .
i highly recommend them !
the musical worship is so great !
adorable little italian restaurant with very very very attentive wait staff .
these guys are great .
last but not least the management is horrible .
one of them was sent back , the other only partially eaten .
is it worth _num_ bucks for a crappy meal ?
yay qt !
we will definitely stay here next time we 're in phoenix .
because he helped me when i needed help .
he refused to further address the situation .
i will be coming back !
sad indeed for a seafood restaurant that should be better than the rest .
the cinnamon rolls are really tasty and the breakfast portions are a nice size .
my girlfriend said , `` we 'd like to sit outside . ''
best chinese good in the area .
great location right on scottsdale rd .
gus 's never ever surprises me anymore .
fellow foodies : these bagels are the best bagels in all the land !
i went with a group of friends and we each ordered something different .
we had a wonderful experience here and will definitely be back .
amanda did a great job with my hair .
i always trust her completely .
owner knows what she 's doing .
just is n't my bag , baby .
not even close to being like serrano 's .
the sauce was flavorful , tangy and very tasty .
if i could give them no stars , i would .
i 'm in the industry too , i know how it goes !
the tortillas along with their cilantro butter are nothing short of amazing .
it was all breading and very little chicken to be found .
perhaps the management of this location need to be looked at by the owner .
it did come with tzatziki sauce but , i 've had better .
this is the area grazie seriously lacks .
it was the very best fish and chips i have ever eaten anywhere .
really cool spot .
half of the chicken was cold .
i would definitely recommend this place .
got ta take your family here and enjoy while you can .
we will definitely be coming back !
no smile , no hello , nothing .
went for breakfast with a friend and everything was really good !
delivery driver came without red peppers or parmesan cheese .
maybe you could have customers take a number to stay organized .
place is expensive , but great for a special dining experience !
thank you guys so much !
did n't know a sandwich could be this good !
however it took our waitress forever to come to actually take our order .
but i got ta tell you that i am very disappointed in them .
friendly staff .
we tried chicken marsala last night - very tasty and great portion size .
they remained there for our entire meal , which was pretty disturbing .
non prescription lenses worked much better .
this is legit as it gets .
the owner is amazing , true italian and brought us an amazing nutella dessert !
this is one of the best restaurants in the area .
i left a message and he returned my call promptly .
a nice place .
best value in town !
the tenderloin melted in our mouths , so ridiculously good .
i am not kidding when i tell you _num_ minutes to stand in line .
we always sit in the bar area and service is always outstanding .
best tire shop in the valley !
i want to eat them every day !
great food .
i would recommend them to anyone without hesitation .
the beer was extremely watered down and the mixed drinks were horrible .
not inexpensive but not outrageous .
i would give zero .
the tables are all saved by people crowded around the two tvs .
will return !
only good thing is their fries .
the customer service at this store is excellent !
i threw them away of course .
they have a fantastic room and separate patio for private events .
definitely will be back !
the service was very bad .
very bad food .
this place is freakin terrible .
either way the service was not good .
the bar staff is friendly and so are the managers on site .
nice selection .
this place wasnt worth the staycation or the money spent .
no apology about the rush or no more beer just a snotty attitude .
my kids are ages _num_ & _num_ and love this place .
very generous portions of amazing food !
and , it is so easy to make at home .
we will definitely return .
it 's a lot of fun to browse around .
it was awful .
great friendly service , they make you feel at home .
kudos to the pleasant staff .
my wife had the fettuccine alfredo and she did n't like it either .
great for breakfast and lunch !
the lobster starter was amazing !
we love , love , love this place !
service from the bartender ( ate at the bar ) was outstanding .
the staff is very attentive and friendly .
really nice place , worth it , go there .
unfortunately the food was terrible .
we got there right before the crowd hit !
you lost big money ; big scottsdale money .
the atmosphere is bright and this place is usually loud and crowded .
the tom kha gai was really good at a spice number _num_ .
she ordered the calamari and i chose the asian chicken .
mike cross is dedicated to his clients !
first the place is beautiful with a royal decor and chandeliers .
i drove all the way over there from chandler and it was n't out .
went here twice last weekend .
no serious complaints about the food , but the service is just atrocious .
played with co workers and everybody enjoyed .
if that does n't get you hooked the view is stunning .
the food was ok but definitely not worth the wait .
the fried rice was bland and not as flavorful as i was expecting .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .
i do n't want to eat in high school cafeteria with picky stupid kids .
things did n't go right from the get go .
the other reviews are correct , this place is horrible .
i called to let the office manager know what had happened .
safe to say i did n't eat the sandwich .
quite entertaining although they all pushed for tips after .
the service is great , always friendly and the ny pizza is very tasty !
they lost us as customers & we live in the neighborhood !
the restuarant itself is kind of neat .
the eggs were under cooked and the hollandaise was very bland .
one of the best restaurants i have been to in scottsdale !
so good !
and the service is super fast !
well worth it .
so after doing that , did she finally acknowledge me standing at the counter ?
great wine selection for all price ranges .
i was treated with nothing but kindness and respect .
their food is awesome and the service is impeccable .
fun museum .
cons : cover charge is ridiculous .
to spice things up , i added guac to my burrito .
food is pretty good and you wo n't leave hungry .
after the last time , though , never again .
love the vibe of this place !
it is always busy and always worth the wait .
good prices as well .
this was probably the worst chinese food i 've ever forced down .
my most favorite mesa sushi house .
this is my favorite sushi restaurant in arizona .
best food and best service .
he was extremely unpleasant to deal with .
none of their food was hot when ordered .
the employees are so friendly !
nice ambiance too , think casual elegance .
my family and i have been to this restaurant _num_ times .
so this review is for you , your service is horrible .
they will be fans too i 'm sure !
amazing food .
i would really recommend coming here .
but they are n't .
if i had paid $ _num_ it would 've been too much .
no thanks .
by far the best steak in town !
the store is pretty clean and the staff was all very nice .
otherwise a winner .
we are so grateful for such a wonderful place !
the daily specials are always a hit and the food is always fresh .
the rice to fish ratio was totally off .
veggies , blah .
i loved this place !
i ordered a pizza sub here and it was great .
the steaks are good but the prime rib is terrific !
unfortunately , pita house falls short .
worth the trip !
great experience overall !
i have been very happy with this company as a whole .
yeah , yeah that 's even better .
great prime rib .
always fast and friendly and a strong drink !
very happy with marshall 's and will use them again .
one word sums this place up ... avoid !
they did n't even offer to comp us an app .
um , ok ?
i gave them two chances and two fails .
but was worth it .
good food , very good breakfast burritos .
what a pleasure to deal with these fine people .
good alternative to the normal deep fried menu you see at most places .
this food is not very good .
my advice , take customer service lessons from your local jimmy john 's .
big thanks to james for all his help with my car !
this place was average , nothing great.
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
they were very helpful , but something together and showed great creativity .
family owned by italian guys with humor .
great selection , great brands & great staff !
the atmosphere is elegant .
i could n't stop laughing .
there was so much to do and eat .
it 's a calm , soothing atmosphere with friendly staff .
so cute , and they really hook you up when you do a tasting .
a real italian deli .
past experiences were good but after this one , we will not return .
comp my meal ?
great service.
ice machine broken on our floor and our tv did not work .
walking in , we loved the decor , and the wine bar .
very nice resort near camelback mountain .
everything was so good .
these guys do awesome work at such a fair price .
hope i get even better experience this time .
great food and service .
service was fine but the decor seems or rather is very outdated .
fun environment .
not an honest business .
great happy hour scene and food selection .
great food !
then , took another _num_ minutes to get chips , salsa and a drink .
best country breakfast in chandler .
excellent food and great service !
beautiful , beautiful property .
we had a good experience here .
what a pleasant surprise !
i felt really bad for suggesting we go there .
i love love love this tattoo shop .
the rooms are clean and quiet .
the food was delivered quickly and everything was just ok .
i should n't have paid the bill .
best dillard 's i have ever been to !
an hour passed , meanwhile people around us got their food within _num_ minutes .
he gave me no refund and accepted no responsibility for the problem .
excellent experience !
this place is amazing !
great beer selection of super hard to find brews .
i guess thats where the workers get their attitude from .
she just shrugged and gave me my receipt .
the taste was so good .
they did n't even have the right product from the beginning .
the tow package is not an issue either .
our pizzas also arrived cold .
given the negative reviews here , i felt i should post my positive experience .
they offered me a `` discounted '' diamond which i refused .
it 's not .
the children were losing patience !
the prices were good and everyone seemed to enjoy the food .
i got chocolate ice cream and fudge over a brownie .
we had a hurt dog and they got us right in this morning .
for the other in my group it was just too much .
so rich !
long story short .
i would not eat there again , i 'm not that picky .
not just a form letter or something , a hand written , thoughtful note !
on top of this there was a no picture rule .
i had the chopped salad , it was good .
ate her again and it is poor food , the service was reasonable .
it was all great !
ordered for delivery .
wow , this is a very good restaurant .
freshest possible bagels ... super friendly staff .
i 'm sorry , but me thinks not .
absolutely delicious .
the only good thing we had was the broccoli side for him .
i do enjoy coming here .
easy dining experience definitely on the regular rotation .
awesome meal !
love the live band , wine , apps and service !
highly recommend .
impressive by any fast food standards considering how often i 've come here .
i will never visit this place again !
we usually get a couple pizzas , and they are decent .
another awesome side note is that you can bring in your own food !
the ribs were meaty , tender , and juicy .
they always do a good job and the prices are great !
i feel that she is an asset to your company .
got terrible food poisoning !
the outside and inside actually looked really nice too !
which is sad because this place has potential .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !
this really frustrated me as why lie ?
so i go to scottsdale fashion square and find the store .
service has always been nice !
incredibly rude , and slow to fix issues .
great selection of cigars and cigar boxes as well .
thin crust and delicious !
i stopped in for happy hour recently .
highly recommended .
the shaved ice here is pretty good .
great food , great atmosphere and great staff !
ridiculous .
at $ _num_ , they should throw in breakfast .
very good meal and more than i could finish !
i am so very disappointed with all aspects of this office .
this was absolutely the worst restaurant salad i 've ever had .
no biggie , i thought , i 'll come back another day .
took good care of ray and buddy in a very clean environment !
bread was so fresh .
great customer service !
we 're not supposed to know which sushi is which , the servers are .
the chowder was so-so .
never in my life have i been treated so poorly in a sales environment .
simple good food .
the pink decor was fun and carried through to the napkins .
top notch company !
poor customer service .
terrible experience here this afternoon .
service was slow .
michael is a gem .
this place is the best of all worlds .
the food at the grill was amazing and the service was amazing too !
very cute little wine bar .
this is a place i 'd order from again .
the receptionist person is also very nice and professional .
would recommend this gym to anyone who wants a nice place to train .
the owner is very unfriendly .
$ _num_ later we boxed up the food only to throw it away .
hopefully they open a restaurant in northern california !
terrible management .
definitely a fun evening .
i especially enjoyed the flautas and guacamole .
did i really just wait _num_ minutes for someone to take my credit card ?
just not worth the money or time for that kind of experience .
i then went down the street to church 's chicken to complete my order .
very friendly staff .
i would recommend this apartment complex .
this is my first _num_ star rating !
loud , loud , loud .
jenny is the best and can work with any hair type or color .
hope they update and hope the service stays as excellent .
simple health care practice visit .
manager was super nice .
i 've never had such bad food at a restaurant .
i will not give them a second try .
for the entree , i had the shrimp in lobster sauce .
_num_ hrs , and $ _num_ later , not much to show for it .
eggs scrambled with jalapenos !
this is a popular place and it gets crowded .
would not recommend this place to anyone .
service was great .
i highly recommend east valley dental care .
got my order within _num_ minutes , food was hot and really good .
soggy , not crispy at all and not made correctly .
we had a cheese crisp with chicken and a mexican salad .
the owner interacted with us and made helpful suggestions .
awesome pizza .
they helped us out that words ca n't even describe .
a true cowboy hangout with live country music .
no diet coke .
they were too hard to even break apart .
amazing experience , amazing dress and a really good price !
the servers are friendly and efficient .
very clean store and friendly service .
i 've tried repeatedly to make an appointment to no avail .
i absolutely loved this place !
there r lots of other restaurants on mill ave that are far better .
the food is not a reason to go there .
after _num_ minutes they had one bike ready to go .
i was disgusted .
absolutely love their pizza .
had a great dinner on a thursday evening .
they were very entertaining and friendly .
all smooth and the flavors are so good .
i lost it .
you get lots of different options and the prices are pretty reasonable .
bad , bad , bad ... .
would be _num_ stars if not for the gross pest problem .
they were horrible .
teachers are amazing and care for every child 's everyday needs .
a great place to relax with girlfriends or go on a date .
i highly recommend adobe animal hospital !
wrong !
what more can i say except it is over priced , greasy mexican food !
a friend of a friend recommended calling alan .
a nice change from the other bars in old town .
his recommendations and interactions are what made the experience above and beyond .
this place is so much fun !
so make sure you confirm !
i 've been to drive thru windows that play games with charges before .
if you have time i recommend eating in .
also , the restaurant itself is very beautiful .
the food is not bad , the prices can be a bit lower .
so good !
and the taco shells had been par cooked to long in advance .
friendly customer service .
and even those did n't work as the signal was so bad .
so delicious .
one star but in reality they do n't even deserve one .
i came back the next morning and they remembered me , which was cool .
i came here to grab lunch based on the reviews and was disappointed !
it 's 6:30 now on thursday night and we are the only table .
so glad art one gallery exists !
great food , drinks and service.
pleasantly surprised and delighted .
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .
love this pizza chain .
it landed about _num_ inches from my leg .
definitely a big fan of this place !
the website is even worse .
great way to top off a night in old town .
two hours of my life i can never get back .
this place sucks a $ $ !
also there was not a varied choice of pasta .
jim was available right away for the estimate .
i love that they are open until _num_ pm every day .
it made both of us feel very comfortable .
it was pretty dead inside , which we were ok with .
everybody says the economy sucks .
still fresh and tasty though .
note : you can not order the main menu from the bar .
i do not recommend .
so i quickly signed the papers and took delivery of the bike .
the entire atmosphere and decor is amazing !
given my experience , i now have reservations when reading yelp review .
a loud speaker would have been a good idea .
awesome place .
our server forgot to put my order in and got my friends order wrong .
me : `` no , i have n't . ''
only half of the order was served .
i called in an order for pick up , it was a thursday night .
jen was our waitress who was very polite and professional .
great company .
i would recommend them to anyone in the east valley !
the food is average at best , as is the service .
i think we found our local reverse happy hour spot .
the food is superb !
friendly staff , amazing food , huge selection !
i had a very nice shopping experience here .
this is amazing hummus and pita bread .
the service was great as well !
i would not bring a car rental here .
everyone we bring here loves it !
it was disappointing .
skip this !
i saw denise for the second time and am very happy with her work .
i must say , applebee 's has really stepped up their game lately !
i will not shop here again .
my filter literally has a leak shooting in the air .
potato salad is the best .
i love this place .
the espresso was way too hot .
wow .
i really liked that they allow pets here .
very disappointing .
like an item , they charge you anyway .
avoid .
nothing was offered .
you 've been warned .
arrived _num_ min .
mmm , will be back soon !
beautiful room , helpful staff and a great stay all together .
i also tasted the chimichangas .
good job kids !
love this nursery .
friendly service .
wish yelp would start giving the option of half and quarter stars .
they were n't too bad .
but since we had an expectations , unfortunately the experience fell way short .
service has always been good and the servers have been friendly .
save your money and your health and go down the street .
my recommendation would be - do n't eat here .
great place !
she nails my color request every time and i leave that place looking amazing .
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !
spend your money elsewhere !
i really appreciated driving out of my way for nothing .
but this was not the case that morning .
it was over deep fried and crispy - almost brick like .
this woman is rude and lacks even the smallest bit of customer service .
i had the beef kabob pita to go and loved it .
there were about three tables open and a dozen seats open at the bar .
the prices are also very fair .
so after having to drive back to chandler and find an atm .
guess i should 've asked .
it 's a fun place to go to relax .
perfection .
it is a pretty small place , but has a really good atmosphere .
this place is absolutely fantastic and worth the drive up from tempe .
she said she could n't leave the area .
see some of my photos .
however , the last time we came , the wings were horrible .
the interior is nice and the artwork is lovely .
they 're that perfect mix of professionalism and funny too .
service is great !
just last week my husband and i decided to try papago one last time .
this place is great for ambiance food and service .
then i did my first driving outing with them from _num_ to 9:30 pm .
the food & atmosphere were both very good .
the pedi was very efficient and done well .
good food but they do n't book very good bands .
kendra does my color and cut and she is fantastic .
good food , good service .
very disappointed diamond member .
my family and i live close to fiesta burrito and love it !
i love the staff .
had a great conversation with both ladies .
good place .
we recently had a fun time there with a group of friends .
i called the dealership and was told that this is standard .
i love staying here when visiting our son at asu .
stop in for some cold ac and have a drink .
this place has a mom and pop feel .
they have great food and the portion sizes are pretty big .
the waitress sucked .
four pieces of hard lamb ... and _num_ % of the dish jasmine rice .
i dream of this place .
i have never been disappointed .
still fantastic !
i found this place when i first moved to the valley .
the housekeeping continued to be a problem though .
week after week i go into these stores and have one problem after another .
ridiculous !
thank you for always helping me to look my best .
the meat was pretty dry .
desert followed but nothing special .
ick .
the bartenders are above average and the owner is super friendly and involved .
very , very helpful and friendly .
shannon is so rude !
will not be coming back to this one .
i went to counter and placed my order .
it was the service that our group received today that was not so good .
our waitress was friendly and prompt .
we will definitely be back !
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .
good service , good food , good prices .
justin and dustin are always friendly and helpful .
the juice is fresh and helped wash everything down .
food comes out piping hot and fresh as can be .
i 'm not even kidding .
also , i feel that service has almost always been extremely slow .
i love nordstrom .
the hh is really good , and until _num_ pm !
as the name promises it is definitely etc .
love the patio !
drink menu had a nice mix .
the bartender was friendly and chatted us up while we waited to be seated .
i will always love this place .
it 's the perfect place to have a good priced beer and people watch .
i love their chili rubbed salmon !
such a fun place !
my bf picked up chinese since i mentioned that i was craving some .
_num_ stars for excellent customer service and tasty food !
always the right order .
they did nothing to help me , except put blame on me .
they are always friendly and great to talk to .
a shame , if they fix it i 'll improve my rating .
bad reviews , horrible service , etc .
highly recommend !
both were delicious .
i would have rather stayed home and sat in the bathtub .
this location is clean , efficient , and engaging .
highly recommend the buttermilk chicken .
i highly reccommend this practice to everyone .
there was way too much icing to roll ratio .
the manager here at this location is awesome she runs a good crew .
it was $ _num_ on $ _num_ bill .
i am not happy leaving this place !
i always got great , friendly service .
wow !
plus it 's right down the street from my house .
the wifey and i shall never return .
best pricing in town .
got it to go and it was still good !
why do you bring in the best bands and then torture me ?
they did n't put them in our bag .
i know it 's old school scottsdale but it needs an overhaul .
was really pleased with my meal and the excellent service .
fail !
palm glen has very reasonable boarding rates !
solid mexican food .
i simply love that they offer a variety of sugar free cakes and pastries .
i would highly recommend this veterinary office .
i ca n't even give this place _num_ star .
i have eaten there so many times that i can not even count them .
ribs tough = these babies will never fall off the bone .
the staff were so caring and helpful !
we love this place !
staff is friendly .
the staff is great and the people are super friendly .
nice experience .
the best sandwiches made on fresh baked bread !
dr mike was very , very good .
the service is very bad .
the food had nothing redeeming about it and was very cold .
super good deals and very friendly staff .
i wish i could give it negative stars .
only for both of them to leave once the spouse returned .
very refreshing , a little sweet , a little tart .
i was n't going to pay for that .
amazing price .
but unless they do that , we are not going back again .
they are always very caring and gentle with my animals .
the inside job was laughable .
great product and awesome customer service .
fresh every time .
the only good thing was the fire roasted tomato and the beef kebab .
figured i 'd try a chorizo and egg burrito .
the sauce added nothing to the fish .
was told we were moving into a newly remodeled apartment ... not true .
meh , we were n't that impressed with our latest visit to top shelf .
nice enough looking location .
it takes a lot for it to be taste bad to me .
the facial was the best !
professional and friendly are the first things that comes to mind .
we have been here a half dozen times and always have a good experience .
another good experience here !
our trip next year we will not be picking this hotel again .
they were also extremely fair in pricing .
highly recommended if you enjoy kalbi ribs or bulgogi .
when you get past the quantity you realize that the food is pretty bland .
it 's very convenient to my home , but not at that cost .
tom is wonderful and all of the doctors are great .
horrible customer service !
i was told it was 1st come , 1st served .
it is perfection .
every time i 've been here the food has been excellent !
we love the phoenician !
i throughly enjoyed my haircut at steven paul .
this is just a poorly run company .
very helpful , best you can get .
unfortunately , it will be a while before i return .
that 's how you get repeat and referral business .
probably one of the best selections in old town .
i love thai food , i would eat it every night if i could .
great , as advertised .
great place for a bargain !
the sicilian pizza is outstanding .
i had lunch at lon 's and wow , what a great experience .
they were so happy getting their hair , nails and makeup done !
actually does n't even deserve one star .
ordered a sampler platter with different goodies to try -- all tasty !
the prices are great too !
their dessert calzone with nutella and bananas is fantastic .
i love the community and the staff is always very friendly and helpful .
`` the best steak i 've ever had '' , he said .
very pleased with service and quality of work .
the pitas are also great.
the tamales were incredibly flavorful .
unacceptable .
it 's a great atmosphere and wonderful decoration and decor .
unfortunately this ups location is less than friendly or helpful .
it was cold and rubbery .
i 've yet to try their food but the ice cream is delicious .
it 's a sunday night it was n't even busy .
pretty good food service is ok but the employees are very friendly .
great bar in old town !
with an age appropriate group it is quite enjoyable .
awesome customer service .
love this place !
the beer is priced very well and includes local brews .
the food was delicious and the place was gorgeous .
i 'm so happy .
also love the ciao shots with the lime on top .
so not authentic and a lot of the stuff does n't taste good .
outstanding .
the sandwiches are really good and very nicely priced for what you get .
what a nice company to do business with .
best take out or eat in sushi !
nothing about the italian sandwich is italian .
the beer selection is great .
the place is pricey but worth it .
this is my favorite greek restaurant i have ever eaten at .
what a waste of my time and theirs .
great location in the old town part of scottsdale .
i want to like port of subs because they are conveniently located .
she would not give me any information .
the food is amazing .
the chimis were less than good , with absolutely no seasonings for the meat .
mike the store manager and his team area an amazing group of folks !
need extra towels or pillows from housekeeping expect to wait an hour .
what an amazing and informative trip for all age groups !
staff is polite , friendly and professional and answered all my questions .
fresh seafood for awesome prices .
i read some great reviews and checked it out ... .
prob the most screwed up restaurant in scottsdale .
we enjoyed the large portions and live music while dining .
i enjoyed this place very much .
if you are thinking of going here i recommend the crepes or the pancakes .
no `` how 's the food ? ''
prices for each were very reasonable and we also had a restaurant.com card .
we 've been here _num_ nights and had to change rooms _num_ times .
service was excellent both times i was there a year apart .
large portions and tasty food !
( hard to beat those , people ! )
eat this pizza .
they have my all time favorite chips and salsa and a really cool patio .
if i could give negative stars i would .
so i paid full price for a very sad steak dinner .
cute little place in the mall .
well when the food came i noticed that my chicken looked a little weird .
from the moment i walked in the door i was treated with a smile .
needless to say i was n't going to pay the higher price and walked .
had to wait _num_ minutes for a burger and fries .
great place to take your vehicle .
definitely great food , good atmosphere , and our service was fine .
there are plenty of professional , customer friendly dentists to choose from .
the food tastes like love and pride .
whatever salad dressing is on the bottom is amazing !
next time we 'll order their fish , which i hear is quite wonderful .
good service !
we loved him and also a few other comedians .
i know , i know , being a bit harsh if you like them .
good food .
should have comped the entire meal .
if you have n't been here you should definitely check it out .
everyone enjoyed their meal and service .
the office was clean and everyone was very professional .
do n't fall for it , all of lines are long .
also the security to get inside is ridiculous .
i recommend any of their margaritas -- always yummy !
the service was great .
it was good mexican but not for the prices they charge .
3rd or 4th phone call got refund for late delivery .
servers were friendly and attentive .
i had a piece of metal letting air escape from one of my tires .
super place for out of town guests .
one of my favorite spots in scottsdale .
and the prices are way reasonable !
i would rather eat _num_ $ tony 's pizza from food city .
amazing red chile burrito !
save your money and visit another restaurant .
i had an excellent experience .
when we asked her she said it was and just walked away .
clean , folded and waiting for me when they said they would be .
also , not one front office person still works there from when i started .
um , no thanks .
guess not .
do n't waste your time or money !
good food , chicken plate is well seasoned and portions are great .
only thing good is the location .
all the guys here are very kind & helpful .
a very thorough welcome visit .
what a great place in an unexpected location .
they do boarding and grooming as well !
room is kind of old , nothing special about it .
the location is ideal for exploring scottsdale , tempe and arizona .
our waitress was extra friendly , courteous and prompt .
this place is pretty amazing .
ordered the classic beef sandwich and arby fries to go .
very questionable service to me .
however , the next day , i was n't so thrilled .
if you 're looking for a great salon , this is it .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .
worst applebee 's every .
the meal was yummy and authentic .
food , nothing special but it is more of a bar than a restaurant .
stay away from north scottsdale nursery and cactus .
good sports bar .
taps are great , great selection .
then she says they dont do refunds .
i do not recommend this place .
the second bartender named ted , ( _num_ hour ) was absolutely obnoxious .
stupid .
delicious food and amazing service .
great people .
the lunch special comes with soup and an egg roll .
it 's a great atmosphere !
delicious food and desserts .
they could not be a more unethical business practice .
cheap price with cheap quality .
they 're gon na love it .
i was sitting at the bar and left my drink to use the restroom .
not gon na buy boots here anymore .
this apartment is clearly a death trap .
we got there before _num_ and they were still warm !
yes , a form of cabbage !
food is fantastic .
best mani-pedi in mesa .
oh my , how could you top the ice cream at this place .
they really have a great selection .
the staff is knowledgeable about their wines , and should be so .
well the time came again when i needed palm glen .
are you kidding me ?
the whole family loves this place .
the atmosphere was really nice here.
kelly was fantastic .
i added more in two months and it lasted another _num_ !
been going for many years and love the food .
absolutely love this little hole in the wall pizza joint .
turns out i was right and he was wrong .
very romantic .
really fun .
the sauce is perfect as well .
do not buy deals for this place at all .
the warm shower and the lotion afterwards , heaven i 'm telling you .
we absolutely love the food but the management is rude .
it was clear that she could n't have cared less that we were there .
the staff is friendly and the water is pure .
we had empty glasses for over _num_ minutes .
there are so many better places in old town than this hell hole .
big gripe : no fries ?
will definitely stop by here again !
great nail salon .
terrible employees , most unhelpful group of people i ever met .
apparently they do not need our business .
my brother sister and i were immediately sick after eating here .
if you want a really nice park try salt river fields or camelback ranch .
it 's nice and small , so there is a lot of interaction .
the employees are very friendly and nice .
he found the car i wanted and got me a great deal !
it 's just that damn good .
slow , surly , shoddy & expensive .
so disappointing !
anthony , our server , was great .
it 's awful .
love their food , great for lunch and breakfast ... .
each time i used the restroom i never once saw people wash their hands .
they are incredible as a banking establishment .
absolutely out of this world .
avoid this , pay less and get better food in tempe , at rula .
the side dishes are excellent .
great grub after a night out !
they continue to impress me and are always super friendly !
all this and they sell lovely italian grocery items .
convenient but wo n't go back .
it 's close to our house so that is a huge bonus .
i 'm hooked .
even the escargot was great .
my daughter really likes their hummus .
i absolutely recommend getting the egg foo young .
bartender rob knows how to make our drinks perfectly the way we like .
this is a nice antique store .
i would have given this place _num_ stars prior to the recent experiences .
save your money call your primary at least they care .
the menu is pretty extensive .
good location , decent food .
the food is consistently average , but the service is just awful right now .
love rosati 's ... staff is always friendly and helpful .
the groupon was for _num_ , _num_ or _num_ people .
we did n't even get to go down the river .
an a+ experience in terms of courtesy and helpfulness .
great pizza and they deliver .
prices are average , the atmosphere is nice and homey .
these are the best , in so many ways .
wait staff is terrific !
the accommodations were so-so .
i had to come on here to recommend that people not visit this place .
service needs severe work .
the staff are super friendly and knowledgeable !
staff is always super friendly !
food was great .
very special place and highly recommended .
on principle alone this company really disappointed me .
all in all ... just strange .
food was good service was even better .
our pizza was horrible .
we will definitely go back !
the egg rolls were so good , we ordered another batch lol .
the techs there are more concerned with chatting with friends than helping a customer .
apparently that 's wrong .
also , this was some of the worst service i have ever experienced .
thanks again guys !
the best donuts in chandler !
courteous staff was helpful , honest and completed services for a fair price .
once we got home , the puppy started getting worse .
i really enjoyed my first visit here , and definitely plan to come back !
very clean and actually very nice business style hotel for the price .
cold sandwiches are good and come with a fresh side salad .
a very great free museum with scottsdale history .
their drinks are so overpriced , even for a comedy club .
will definitely return .
i felt bad at first for her but do n't pay for shitty service .
i love this location !
do try their big ass burger as it 's the best !
found this gem of a service center in scottsdale !
wow , outstanding .
fool me twice , shame on me !
they are reasonable in their pricing and explain everything thoroughly .
service is fast .
first of all , there is the fantastic fun of finding it .
we had burger and roast beef sandwiches .
ordered pizza online twice now with delayed delivery to suit my schedule .
_num_ % the best there is when it comes to gyros .
the best thai food i have ever had !
i had the iron skillet and it was such a cool dish .
i stayed at this property for _num_ days .
they have wonderful indoor and outdoor seating .
ordered a large pizza with extra cheese for take out last night .
thank you so much !
only stayed for an hour because of the heat in the building .
it was a lovely experience for my first ever tiffany 's purchase !
tonight i came into join some friends for a meal .
the food was incredible and the service was outstanding .
they are rude and dont ever do what they say they will .
i 've been getting my hair done here for years and i love it .
everything is so tasty .
every single time i go in they are fast , friendly and professional .
however , my recently visit was n't so satisfying .
i love it .
elegant , adult , atmosphere .
overall , these apartments are `` okay . ''
this place is great .
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .
i will definitely return many times !
probably the best meal in arizona .
so glad we stumbled upon this place last weekend !
good chips and salsa , though you must ask for another basket .
hell id even take taco bell over this highly priced , awful establishment !
seafood , even in arizona , should n't be this bad .
great food .
we waited another ohhhh maybe _num_ minutes before she came back .
flavorful , tender , and tasting of the flame .
long happy hour & adequate pricing .
took _num_ hours to get outta there and it was n't very busy .
friendly staff !
emailed the company and got no response .
consistently great care , friendly staff could n't recommend enough .
they have absolutely no idea how to make a dirty martini !
this places deserves negative stars !
he is always willing to go out of his way to help !
from beginner dancing to advanced , enjoy .
as good as it gets !
the worst experience ever !
terrible cafeteria salad .
highly recommend this place .
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .
such a cool place !
well worth a couple of hours on your next trip to scottsdale .
casual and quick , the salsa bar is great .
they are quick , polite , and delicious .
no thank you idiots .
i ordered the stuffed tomato , and husband ordered the bbq pork sandwich .
she did n't care .
that was not enough to justify the _num_ price tag .
the woman who runs the shop is rude .
always a great time at the comedy spot !
had a great date night with my husband .
twice , my order was wrong .
furniture that is good , stylish and a good price .
great kebab dishes and good service .
this place is as close as it gets for a chain .
i highly recommend this place for any meal .
the falafel , disgusting .
enjoy .
great for date night or a family celebration .
that was probably the perk of the whole night .
when i pulled up i gave her my debit card .
it is definitely my new favorite beer .
the service was very slow , which i wo n't hold against them .
fast , friendly and honest service .
overall a nice experience .
anyway , this papa john 's is really good .
its salty and very flavorful , but somehow it just tastes off .
great service , great seats , great show and decent food to boot .
my first course was a caesar salad .
it was juicy and full of flavor .
management is even worse .
they always apologize about the wait and yet do nothing to fix it .
the pad thai was very average .
so my tab came and the total was _num_ !
definitely will come back !
this is a great place for a casual evening or group event .
i had an expired groupon that i was going to use paid value for .
i actually avoided it the first night and went to another place .
_num_ inches on each side had no meat .
delicious and service is always amazing .
the attempt at making fresh guac ' was pitiful .
the crystal chandeliers , upon entering the building , are very inviting .
could n't tell you his name because he never introduced himself .
it is beautiful !
it 's not brain surgery people !
very disappointed for the last two years .
awesome !
i would not rent here .
will definitely be back when in town .
meanwhile they have all this cardinals signage up .
would recommend to anyone who asks .
i 've definitely found my new favorite nail place !
chips and salsa arrived promptly and our waitress introduced herself quickly .
if necessary , he makes outstanding referrals .
last may i had become suddenly ill and lost my balance .
valet broke my window .
why did n't they knock on some doors or investigate the matter further ?
this place rocks !
i am so happy my mom found her a couple years ago .
about _num_ minutes passes , no beer , by then my wine was gone .
not pointing in any general direction mind you .
people there are rude and talk down to you .
i will not have dessert .
love the place , and would recommend it to anyone who asked !
every other time has been delightful .
did we say something wrong or did we look at the waitress wrong ?
by far the best gyro place in town .
it 's just not worth the risk .
this was unacceptable !
so my friend kristen got me a gift certificate for orange table .
will recommend this to friends and family .
i 'm just happy that there are still places like this in phoenix .
the restaurant is pretty tiny and parking is kind of tough in the area .
great pizza !
this place sucks .
just not good .
great food and very friendly staff .
i am so sad .
i asked this receptionist why i have been waiting for over an hour .
the food ( and drink of course ) is always amazing .
my family has eaten here a few times for dinner as well .
service was terrible !
i never like buffet 's but this is horrible .
we were both so impressed .
it looked dry and over cooked .
i could not tell any difference in the noise level .
owner was very cheery and helpful with the menu !
his location is awesome !
this place is quite underwhelming .
this hotel is by far one of the best .
good food , nice relaxing authentic atmosphere .
miller genuine draft on tap ; when was the last time you found that !
not the best of dining experiences .
tots and my favorite strawberry slush .
really liked the pollo relleno .
their customer service is amazing !
lazy dj .
i love robert 's catering !
thanks for treating your customers like royalty , dd !
the prices are great .
also , it made my tummy hurt .
water tastes dirty ice tea was terrible .
still not quite `` right '' today .
love this place !
she is sweet as ever and still affordable too .
this place is racist .
horrible service .
waiter was helpful and nice .
without a doubt this is the best pizza scottsdale can offer !
the margarita i got was really good and the food was outstanding .
i highly recommend this place to every pet owner .
if i could give less than _num_ star i would .
so my memory was either bad or they have changed .
dean and the front desk staff were friendly and helpful .
eric was great to deal with both on the phone and in person .
simply the best .
they have darts and pool tables which are in great condition .
they had good drink specials and the food was amazing .
all in all he was wonderful and we will request him when we return .
the apartments were great , the location wonderful , and the staff was wonderful .
i was originally told _num_ days .
tv 's everywhere this is a sports lovers dream !
i would have given a _num_ star for the service .
terrible service .
just a pretty cool sports bar near the metro center area .
we got to emergency and she died less then an hour later .
highly recommend .
absolutely !
food was delicious and filling .
the salsa was not good .
it 's a nice course .
the side mirrors , rear view mirror were not washed and dried .
the food and mixed drinks are hit or miss everytime .
a rating !
this is a neighborhood gem .
at this location the service was terrible .
i love this place .
everything seemed to need a lot of salt cause it lacked flavor .
sushi here was good and they have a large selection of roll types .
the staff is always friendly and responsive .
an outstanding job .
it tasted terrible .
she has such a great personality and does a wonderful job on my hair .
i will be back !
had a great time and bottle service was awesome !
had to returned one entree because too cold .
what a ridiculous design !
it was a very nice stay .
why did they spend half of my deposit to paint the walls ?
great shop , i highly recommend it !
these guys are honest , hard working , and have an excellent work ethic !
ambiance is not bad .
well i think we may have found it !
like another poster said , they just make me hungry for in-n-out .
we came in with a large party and everyone loved their food .
one had a sewer smell .
their crust was excellent and crisp on the bottom .
their customer service was amazing !
great breakfast option .
the band was wonderful , as well .
we were able to talk and hear each other easily .
very stingy when i asked for my money back .
i tried their meat lovers pizza in _num_ inch for _num_ on menu .
she has such great bedside manner and is always in a great mood .
i eat here regularly and always love it .
i am so happy with it .
love this place !
they only eggs they had were scrambled eggs and eggs sunny side up .
then ... gratuity is included at _num_ % .
big surf , more like big disappointment .
love bahama bucks !
terribly overcooked .
overall worth the money and i will definately order again !
very very disappointed with their service !
restaurant is a small place tucked in a strip mall .
heart racing , i called , emailed , hoped it would be recovered .
i love this place !
talk about bad customer service .
amazing staff .
after reading the glowing reviews i had to try this place .
great new mexican food .
you got ta get one of these if you go .
cute little place .
i 'm going to possibly waste a day in hopes the car gets serviced ?
i highly recommend for all dog parents out there !
with a creamy sauce like alfredo in it .
please do not buy here , lots of headaches and waste of time .
you will love it !
local and loving it !
we went here for a work outing and they have very unique food .
did n't seem as dirty .
( useless ) needless to say we will not return .
in my opinion this salon is dark and outdated .
second , they obviously do n't know how to run a will call line .
i normally go for reverse happy hour on sundays !
plus the cost of my time , gas , etc makes it worth it .
we were super disappointed in the service we received from them .
and then they billed me for it .
give it a try if you are in the area .
always look great when i leave and feel happy .
i 'm not sure what changed .
not the cadillac of car washes but great for a quick run through .
i was really impressed with this pep boys .
i was disappointed when they stopped doing it .
chopped salad was amazing , great wine & cocktail list !
great food !
when i left i looked and there were _num_ patio tables empty and clean .
i probably wo n't go there again due to the service .
always a pleasure to come here .
i love this vet clinic .
i loved this place !
wow they are a great family .
throwing caution to the wind , we decided to try this place .
anyways , rc in scottsdale is a great restaurant .
however , the service was absolutely fantastic .
ugh .
it would n't happen again for two hours .
no service , no one cares !
we lost my _num_ year old mother to cancer last year .
i 've already recommended her to friends and co workers !
my boyfriend got _num_ rolls , all of them were disgusting .
the spinach is really good though and a great surprise .
the food was very good and the provided a lot of it !
service is ok , not stellar .
nice cold room , clean and modern .
thanks a lot for your help through out the years .
options are very limited .
friendly staff and good times !
very kind staff .
the scottsdale pet hotel is nothing but amazing !
great service and late night happy hour menu .
the staff is excellent and the rooms were really nice .
the absolute best shop in the valley .
my best friend and i had a blast on the tour .
only come here if you have time to kill .
the salon is so nice !
she is visiting from another state .
the owners run it and make everything fresh daily .
we had a great visit , with even better food .
good prices .
i especially love it after a night out .
very professional , fast , and very competitive prices .
it probably helped that i really enjoyed the company i was with as well .
chop it up and feast !
their rosemary bagel is amazing !
not the best , but certainly not the worst place in town .
the absolute worst excuse for a gyro i have ever had .
he clean my hand made rugs and surprise me .
horrible service !
lovely women , nice place and a great job on all the services !
it 's loud and fun .
great resort for the money !
relaxing and fun .
waited for _num_ min for a table on a week night .
will go here as long as they will have us !
my chicken enchiladas had the chicken on top of the rolled tortilla with cheese .
fresh salsa & chips , and excellent red and green enchilada sauce .
the facilities are clean and well kept .
only had the lunch special ( _num_ slices and a drink ) .
could have used a little spice in it .
very disappointed .
replace the cooked spinach with fresh spinach .
there are much better french restaurants in phoenix .
thank you guys .
my friend that went with me said his meal sucked too .
guess i got it all wrong , obviously ) .
needless to say , we went away full and extremely satisfied .
i do not see how they are still in business .
here with my dog and girlfriend for a nice saturday morning breakfast .
one of the worst customer services experiences ever .
ohhhh i love buca birthday song !
very professional .
a wonderful staff !
breakfasts seem pretty standard , delicious and not remarkably healthy .
one of my favorite chains .
offered to put them on , cleaned my glasses and was so pleasant .
_num_ months later it still looks terrible .
delicious food !
they 've disappointed me every time .
love this place !
friendly helpful staff , much more knowledgable than any lowe 's as usual .
hot , fresh , delicious .
he was absolutely rude to everyone .
i 'm very happy and recommend to everyone looking for professional services .
this is the best pizza place in arizona !
vodka penne with shrimp and a touch of spice is my fav !
not calling back and not going to this location .
this place sucks .
sorry guys , yet , not really sorry .
i would highly recommend this office !
the strawberries are tough and flavorless .
service was great .
they 're worth it .
the views , the service , the food and the location .
waited _num_ minutes for a starter wrap .
the thai tea is a got ta have .
i really enjoyed this theatre and i would love to see another show here .
the margarita here is the best .
i spent about $ _num_ for _num_ people .
it 's delicious , the servings are large , and the ambiance is nice .
i 've given it several tries and have been disappointed every time .
from start to finish bandera is a fantastic place to eat .
do n't waste your money !
it was nice !
atmosphere was great and food was too .
no one with enterprise was willing to help , even after explaining the situation .
as persian food goes , it 's very good and the quality is excellent .
we also got the tiramisu which was great .
she incorrectly diagnosed two of my dogs .
both our dishes were just ok ... not worthy of the price .
i could not find it .
very prompt as well .
i love this place !
dr. marks stuff is exceptional .
i would recommend going there for a primary care doctor !
the menu is quite large and plenty of selections .
i wo n't even eat there for free .
the food is not worth the price .
food is terrific and so are the folks .
a travelers best friend !
jess pierced me and she was fun and awesome but still professional .
i hate this .
this locations the best because it 's the largest !
whimsical nostalgia decor of family pictures and memorabilia provides entertainment .
most likely from working on mill for too long .
my fries were now cold .
what a welcome to scottsdale !
but a good spot to enjoy for an early morning bite .
she barely gave us attention the rest of our visit there .
my husband and i ordered delivery tonight from venezia 's .
very pleased with the products i bought today !
my husband and i love eating at the bar for dinner .
excellent service from amanda .
i will not be returning to that location .
waste of time and money .
everyone that has sat on those couches should go get tested immediately .
i heard dinner is exquisite .
i would avoid it unless this is the atmosphere you prefer .
love this store !
food is awesome !
this is that kind of place .
i ca n't believe the kind of sushi these people get away with .
there was no one refilling water glasses .
for that price they should 've repaired them by replacing the sole .
i was disgusted !
highly recommended .
pricing is fair , as far as i could tell .
honestly best prices in town .
the bartenders never let your drink get empty , and the food is great .
the food at outback is mediocre at best .
skip it unless you 're wanting to say you had pho .
you always liked p.f .
the chicken tenders are pretty darn good , so are the wings .
bad location .
awesome dinner .
i highly recommend you consider them .
what a nightmare !
the customer service was also amazing ; diane went above and beyond .
it was stuck in the _num_ 's .
burrito express is the best place for burritos .
very cute .
overall the service was great , the atmosphere nice and the food good .
staff very friendly .
it was n't too crisp and not too chewy .
i would highly recommend shopping here !
completely awful service , although burnt the food was still good .
the hot bar selection is thin but also excellent quality .
enjoyed the roaring fork so much !
i finally found it at barros !
grazie offers great italian food and wines with simple , no frills service .
i will definitely return as the personnel were friendly and patient .
he is honest and has a remarkable degree of integrity .
nothing positive to say about this venue .
our waitress should know that my husband nor i ordered anything alcoholic !
the whole place smells like flowers .
great place .
very nice decor with an extremely friendly staff .
ron , the vet tech is amazing and very knowledgeable .
no taste whatsoever , the mashed potatoes had to have been instant .
anything i need he always finds a way to take care of me .
it is an international delight .
manager made it very uncomfortable .
simply put , some of the best italian food around !
my kids loved it and i 'm glad i went !
nothing but praises for this business !
disneyland or the airlines wo n't charge the first year of life .
great food at a great price .
used this florist for our wedding reception and what a great job they did .
just great people !
went recently on a saturday , bad food and bad service .
my husband had the buffalo rib eye which was very tender and very flavorful .
poor excuse for a restaurant .
we love this place !
i ordered the gyro pita with the house salad .
interesting , as jack told me it had been done _num_ days before .
but its a great place to dine at for any occasion .
awesome service !
i love this store .
it is a wonderful facility .
bar none this is the cheapest place to get fresh vegetables .
never shopping at a radio shack again !
this place is the worst .
they were delicious .
the food is n't bad but could certainly be better .
love razz 's .
every single one of our entrees were delicious .
wine list was great , however i would say service was absent .
this is sonoran style and it 's my favorite style .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .
perfect place for grabbing a casual drink !
wow !
i literally spent almost nine hours with this one transaction .
if you are a chinese food junkie like me , try another spot .
do n't get me wrong , i love guess clothes .
tvs everywhere !
the staff is prompt and attentive .
it is a compete and total disregard to the tenants here .
the salsa was the worst though .
they wo n't even take the time to find the statement on the contract .
first of all there was a dog in the restaurant .
the food came out timely and cooked well .
nothing last forever though .
so , let me tell you all about it !
he always looks adorable when they groom him .
terrible admission system !
the crunchy almonds and fresh berries on top are a great touch .
could n't stand it any longer .
i had the traditional benedict very tasty with a side of bacon .
the desserts are incredible as well .
this facility is awful .
i love them !
the new ownership is doing a great job !
the deep friend mac-n-cheese was also heavenly !
it carries a pretty good inventory .
this husband and wife team has created a nice , comfortable environment .
they have a wide variety of food to chose from which is great !
if i could give this pizza hut no stars i would .
it is a bit pricey but well worth it .
there loss because i was willing to spend money .
authentic southwestern fare .
it was n't so hot .
recently , i finally took my family out to eat at this place .
fantastic servers and incredible food .
our nail tech , nancy did a wonderful job and she is very talented .
customer service was great and the cost was extremely fair .
it was a good experience .
then told me that the room was n't ready yet .
both were delicious !
this place sucks and the staff are rude !
fabulous !
needless to say we both could not eat it .
the beans are great as is the rice .
the staff is always helpful , friendly and knows tires .
just a way to suck every last cent out of your customers .
we got the cornbread , but kept getting rushed to order .
great bbq ribs and prime rib .
that being said , it was only 1pm and it was lunch time .
ordered with extra cheese and still was cooked to perfection .
service was dismal , almost as if they had n't expected guests .
_num_ gets two stars from me .
our server was absolutely amazing .
this is the most pathetic excuse for dining there is .
the store was so dirty we almost left .
the food was just the worst .
since the server never came around , i think she just dealt with it .
this is heaven for the guys , variety and selection unmatched .
worse customer service i have seen in a bike shop !
thank you !
great place to pop in after art walk .
i would n't even give them _num_ star .
the cashier turned a $ _num_ tip into $ _num_ .
i was like , you have black chain ?
worst experience in _num_ yr history of auto shopping !
not surprisingly food was lukewarm but not poorly prepared .
ambiance and setting were superb .
would n't go back .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !
i hate the marquee .
i love the chile sauces !
honestly , taco bell is a better choice .
excellent !
i enjoy the free cup of coffee and their deli .
will never be going back to ra on mill ave .
not going to point out names , but the sales manager is a jerk .
i hated to tell him that there was no mechanical bull back in _num_ .
it deserves five stars for sure !
the kitchen was really slow at getting our food out .
it 's worth a visit !
i think apart from bianco 's they are the best pizza in town !
that was it for me ... ... go to taco bell !
my wife and i came in for lunch on a friday afternoon .
i urge people to not go to this place .
do yourself a favor and skip on this restaurant .
the rude sales girl turned her back and walked away .
staff is very friendly .
it was a enjoyable evening and will be back for sure !
taste mediocre at best .
be prepared , however , to have to pay ... .
this is the best pizza joint around here .
i 've tried this place twice now and i 'm not impressed .
everything i 've had here has been really great .
service was awesome , they made us feel like family .
the service was amazing and the food was even better .
great management .
he did not need to do it .
i do not recommend this restaurant .
the food was good , but the customer service was horrible .
over the last two years the food quality is consistently going downhill .
great good .
i absolutely love getting a pedicure from rhonda at steven paul salon .
awesome !
more importantly i had them install a new stereo in my travel trailer .
thanks !
it 's very dirty feeling and old looking in the inside .
everything on the menu is made in-house and the food is fabulous !
they 're also great about working with my busy schedule .
the customer service here is terrible !
we have had a great experience here .
great people .
great food and service .
this is our favorite restaurant !
this is an independent shop and we like to `` shop local '' .
my coworkers highly recommended this delivery service , so i had to try it .
wow !
food selection is extremely limited !
we plan to go back very soon , the restaurant is wonderful .
such a great guy who is super nice .
the food is really good .
beautiful course and the clubhouse is very elegant !
it was very , very good .
service is great and food is tasty .
i would not recommend it at all .
just all around impressed .
ra sushi is so-so for sushi .
the martinis good .
i would say more , but honestly just go there and see for yourself .
when is it a good time to have free pizza .
waited _num_ hours to find out he has pink eye .
no pre warning .
the service is a lovely experience .
i do not recommend this place and i wo n't be back .
best place to get your car detailed .
you are welcome here .
the food is wonderful here .
i truly believe they are the best groomer in town .
the food is excellent and the atmosphere is spot-on .
my pedicure was okay , but i 've had much better for cheaper .
the staff is very courteous and the place is well kept and clean .
$ _num_ plus tip for just okay and not such a nice atmosphere ?
our group of _num_ went here after having good experiences in the past .
i 'll always go back !
what more can you want from a place .
laura is amazing .
they obvious are n't environment friendly !
super friendly , professional , and kind .
it is crying out for some basic server training and management .
very expensive and just ok .
i did n't like the burrito at all , unfortunately .
couple that with the perfect salsa , and you 've got yourself a winner .
they are always friendly and helpful .
very very disappointing .
but , did n't want to start all over at another store .
the retail section is average , but the parts counter experience sucked !
the roaring fork is one of my very favorite restaurants .
seriously , i can cook persian food much better .
great dive bar !
with them , integrity is everything !
i hate that place and hate giving them my hard earned dollar .
one week later ... still no call .
this is a great place if you love good beer .
great staff , all excellent & quite friendly + helpful .
it 's built more for ambiance than food quality .
yet , it was still _num_ minutes to even get our drink order taken .
wonderful !
from the show , restaurants and fun attractions .
anyway , just a disappointment .
tacos al pastor ?
this place is becoming one of the worst stores .
enjoy .
very clean , and especially tasty food .
amazing prices on produce and a large selection .
cute restaurant !
we will definitely be back !
flavoring for the dishes we had were all consistent in tasting bland .
she is beautiful !
save a ton of money over dealers prices , super honest !
we had a great time .
then it was another _num_ before we received the drinks !
the dish was terrible .
the staff was very friendly and welcoming .
it 's quite a ride from the west valley but well worth it .
concept store = success !
highly recommended .
we had a groupon and he would not honor it .
i said `` no , this is horrible '' and asked for our check .
their tom yum is incredible !
it 's just a greasy pile of mess .
upgrading the pool and laundry ?
it 's the best !
visited here on christmas eve morning and it was packed !
even though we had reservations , it did n't do us any good .
outstanding food with authentic environment .
$ _num_ for _num_ large pizza ?
great waterfall feature on the patio .
go here , you will love it .
i 'm sure it will be a meal that you never forget !
he had the pork tenderloin and thought that it was bland .
then he said you owe me _num_ for pulling the toilet .
the staff looked a little tired and very bored .
i would absolutely never , ever recommend them .
stating it needed additional cleaning for one .
a winner !
the only authentic german food in arizona prepared by an actual chef !
a friend ordered the pork shank .
nice , but not to fancy .
the price for bad service ... le sigh .
a good glass of wine always goes a long way with a great meal !
the manager did n't have any idea why the kitchen was being so slow .
_num_ years ago , the baby back ribs were outstanding .
bottom line ... sit outdoors and enjoy some very good mexican food .
great location close to the scottsdale art walk .
such friendly staff !
the store was well organized and clean .
the cheese plate was great .
this is our favorite wine bar in scottsdale !
he was very apologetic and sincere .
i always use the self check out to avoid their workers .
the beer selection is amazing and the food tastes awesome .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .
the rooms feel more like a motel than anything else .
the food was low quality .
i asked for some help to remove the storage fees but they would n't .
the place is bright and seemingly clean .
great family diner .
not very friendly at all , in not the nicest neighborhood in mesa .
thank you for the complete waste of time .
great place !
no explanation , just excuses .
this was a mistake .
i 'm _num_ % sure these guys just disconnected the .
overpriced .
comfy beds and decent toiletries .
i have been several times and every time it 's been a great experience .
if you do n't - it 's worth treating yourself !
overall a wonderful place !
the pizza was by far the worst i 've had .
i 've had a great experience here .
both were absolutely wonderful !
i am very happy with the results in such a short time !
carlsbad 's patio is my favorite part of the whole place !
we 'll not be back .
cowboy ciao combines southwestern and italian food .
the grounds were beautiful .
i could n't find one thing that sets happy hour for what nothing .
rude !
great staff and friendly dr .
i knew i would have a great time and i certainly was n't disappointed .
the cashier here was very rude last time i went .
excellent food !
too bad .
reasonably priced , and a fun place to eat .
the host was very warm and friendly .
the staff very friendly and accommodating and attentive .
i have been to this restaurant probably about a dozen times .
but overall the experience and environment and service was great .
never coming back they will ruin your night !
food was great .
the service was great .
super delicious .
surprise ... they changed the oil and they said everything was good .
they are kind considerate and compassionate .
the place looks very nice but they seem very rude and not very knowledgable !
this place is a total scam .
we got home to find out how delicious everything was !
this is the absolute best pizza we 've ever eaten .
food is excellent and the waitstaff is friendly .
_num_ star service and food .
i went here with my boyfriend last night .
like we had done something wrong .
love this place !
that 's completely unacceptable .
excellent , lunch or dinner .
friendly and helpful staff .
the food here is great !
this place is consistent when it comes to quality .
this is supposed to be fast food .
massage envy is supposed to relax you ... .
trader joe 's frozen teriyaki chicken breasts are far superior .
1st , hello rude girl .
our big guy is home and only days after surgery is doing wonderful !
the fettuccine alfredo w chicken and broccoli , best i ever had .
the service was exceptional , the food was exquisite and the price was reasonable .
it completely made up for the meal .
the rv looks great and all the managers and technicians were very competent .
this place is creepy !
excellent service from the staff .
and of course the food is delicious !
sad to see this course in this poor condition !
enjoyed the food and liked the fact that there are smaller sharing plates .
thanks , sal .
also , the salon is clean and beautiful .
this restaurant does not even get close to meeting expectations .
food is good as is the service .
the next time we are in phoenix we will have to come back here !
i should have taken a picture .
ugh , this place is terrible !
this was by far the worst experience i 've had .
she is really good at doing layers .
i see a kitchen nightmares in it 's future .
she said that i was not allowed to see the other dr .
waitress never smiled .
_num_ stars .
this is one of the best seafood places in town !
we sat on the patio , great view on the golf course .
great late night pizza .
great bread , nice fresh seafood .
i left her an awful tip .
truly my favorite mexican food restaurant of all time .
the food look sub par , bar food , for higher end restaurant prices .
and the coffee was awful and overpriced .
i 'm also done with hotwire and their misleading bait and switch tactics .
love , love , love this place .
they were bitter , strong and tasted old .
~ the wine list , which includes some unexpected delights .
i suggest you do n't even waste your time .
excellent business .
it just has a great feel and the staff is very accommodating .
enjoyed !
i am completely turned off by their student services dept .
great food !
worth the stop if your in the area !
almost zero other ingredients listed on the menu .
this place is absolutely amazing .
this place has really gone downhill .
she is a waitress not a lawyer !
excellent food and service .
yes , bad .
as to the food , rancho is serious about creativity .
lots of things to add , shrimp , chicken and steak .
there were not that many people dining .
great service , great prices , great food .
the food is definitely under priced .
scheduling a quick job was great .
but who gives a crap ?
thanks roaring fork !
got it exactly right .
what a charming salon !
also not good .
sure , some of this is just bad luck .
this has been the worst customer service experience i have ever had .
the soup is absolutely to die for .
great crowd and great service at the bar .
our waitress , rose , was fantastic .
the service was good and so was the food .
read the reviews , we are n't all lying .
the food tasted very fresh and the customer service was good .
this is not the gym for you .
yet , i go every year !
it 's obvious it was stale .
i wo n't be going back here again .
terrible service , rude staff & average ice cream .
however , the goods essentially stopped there .
i will not be doing business with this company in the future .
the floors were dirty and the carpet old .
their service is very fast , delivery or pick-up .
she looked at him funny , went back , eventually brought that out .
and all were tasty , fresh and really good .
too grossed out to go back .
i tried a bite .
love it !
great prices and friendly service .
great maintenance team and better front office people .
great breakfast in a beautiful area of old town .
_num_ stars for being there when no one else is .
do n't bee fooled the do have a large array of water as well .
not the best bbq i 've ever had but pretty good !
i had a coupon and was being pushed towards the higher priced wash .
try the tequila shrimp - its a treat !
he looked at me , like , yes ?
the staff is extremely friendly and helpful and billing options are simple .
much to my surprise ( and delight ) , there was room to move !
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
i 'm italian and my wife is greek so we know good food .
best pizza in the east valley that i 've found yet .
really enjoyed everything about this place .
service is great , it was perfect for a mid week breakfast meeting .
after a few minutes , the first group of _num_ was seated .
i could n't drink it .
if i could leave _num_ stars i would .
i have loved defalco 's for years .
i would recommend them to anyone who wants an honest , quality fix .
they have great quality meats .
this place offers solid , delicious take out .
my sundae was fine , but nothing i could n't have made at home .
he came back a few minutes later with our drinks and a cold appetizer .
nope , only appetizers at the bar .
rude manager , confused server , cold food .
it looked and tasted like crap .
went for the meat dishes , not sure how the vegetarian plates are .
she replied no .
the specialty tortillas were flour not corn .
okay , on with how great this place is .
the place was clean and the staff was nice .
you 'd pay only $ _num_ at any other thai restaurant .
went for a free poker tournament and was quite disappointed ( and disgusted ? )
not going there again .
the baked potato soup was really good .
it was delicious .
i have also purchased things from the store and they are always amazing .
the place was clean , service friendly and prompt and the prices were reasonable .
the guy just gave me a short `` no . ''
fun place with great food and ample portions .
a fabulous , lush patio , reminiscent of an old mexican villa .
wow .
i had ordered _num_ family meals with _num_ extra biscuits .
the bbq baby back ribs were awesome and delicious .
for some reason we were served brown rice , not jasmine rice , odd .
we get to the tee box , no starter .
they also have great breakfasts .
i highly recommend impact auto body .
we went with a party of _num_ and had very nice and attentive service .
i was spending _num_ a month getting my cars repaired and painted here .
i recommend their specials .
do n't ever expect the staff to be nice or friendly .
there was no offer to pay for cleaning .
i had a black forest ham sandwich , which was great .
outstanding food , top notch menu .
my favorite restaurant in scottsdale , bar none .
we had a great meal here .
awesome fajitas !
best we ever had .
i want to put _num_ stars .
one of my favorite places to eat in phoenix .
i love their basmati rice .
entrees , desserts , yum .
i highly recommend this practice to treat your pet !
fresh & tasty makes me happy !
we really enjoyed our visit here .
eh , not a good restaurant .
i will never , i repeat never visit this establishment again .
the sushi is just barely above average .
the food was a _num_ , the service was _num_ .
she even remembered our names and our drinks .
the facility is beautiful too and the staff is professional .
this particular location is clean as well .
( or the bar ) your service is decent .
everything at the buffet was just awful .
ie no value for money .
awesome service ... good traditional italian cuisine ... .
great place to enjoy some live hard rockin ' music !
so , i went in , to give them a second chance .
instead of being reputable they told me to pick another package .
they 're often generous with their portions , which is awesome !
her husband , ken , does hair and is great .
do n't feel bad , buddy .
always a great place to meet a character or two .
no clue who our actual server was .
i love love japanese food .
good quality , very tasty .
excellent staff and service .
best bar menu in scottsdale , no veal , but all great .
he had a sampler with grape leaves , meat balls , rice , etc .
we had a very pleasant experience .
i would highly recommend this barber shop to all of my yelp friends .
it came back better than new !
the best filet , great service .
you ca n't beat the wings , absolutely love them .
the best we 've ever had !
yes , the cornbread is spectacular .
this was a very unexpectedly great place that i would recommend to anyone !
food was amazing and drinks were really good .
not good .
the food and the ambience is special .
however this location is by far the worst i 've ever been to .
salmon has a wonderful maple butter on top with a pistachio crust .
great atmosphere and staff for a relaxing late lunch .
we can all tolerate spiciness , but what we had here was too much .
the view of the mountains just lovely , just a piece of luxury .
i was heading back home and walked from our hotel to this local joint .
our first time going and wow we were so pleased !
the other two plates were not edible due to the spiciness of the sauces .
his receptionist remembered my wife and was warm and bubbly .
when he repeated my order , it was correct .
wow .
the customer service is great .
this is not the way to run a business .
i had a really nice time at the italian grotto .
it 's pizza done right .
this place was unfortunately not all that amazing .
it is a nice change of pace from the chain restaurants in the area .
_num_ for $ _num_ !
only _num_ other tables seated .
the staff was really friendly and willing to help .
i wish i had gone to the pita house instead .
great variety of merchandise .
so i found this place on main st .
the breeze was lovely and all of the staff were attentive and friendly .
it took them _num_ minutes to get a beer at the bar .
thus leaving me stranded in the dark alone .
meat is soft and tender and the sauce is just perfectly sweet .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
the incredible variety of humans to watch while singing along : priceless .
strongly do not recommend !
love this place and have for several years .
pretty cool .
i love elmer 's .
everyone in the bakery was so nice and had great customer service .
kona grill is always very efficient and always gets our order right .
i took my car into this place to get a brake inspection .
was visiting from out of town and this place was beautiful .
the waiter was so rude .
very nice menu to choose from .
what you can do is refund my $ _num_ .
superior product and excellent service .
i love this place .
friendly , large church .
great service .
the service was good here they greeted you as you walked in and left .
i wo n't be back .
very unhappy .
i will be taking my son here for years to come .
really hard chairs .
all the while , i am ignored by the wait staff .
horrible experience !
ignored us again .
this is truly a one of a kind spot in scottsdale .
but really !
smiley nails provided the perfect environment and opportunity .
one of the best pizza places in town .
also all the volunteer are so nice and helpful .
i love nordstrom 's .
they sent out _num_ lady 's in an rv that was dangerous .
horrible service , mediocre food , terrible management .
$ _num_ hot dog special is surprisingly good ... for a hot dog .
yes they have the cheapest oil changes around , which includes rotating tires .
its kind of depressing , especially after you get all clogged with fatburger .
the rice and beans accompaniment were also great .
no `` sorry for the wait '' .
i would recommend it to anyone !
the employees do not know what they are doing .
i love breakfast and this place is a great choice !
everything was delicious !
definitely worth every penny .
best of all road side assistance !
i was very , very pleased .
the best i have had in years .
jack is very informative and the price is right .
it 's a bit outdated .
i was very happy about the $ _num_ special for the first month .
_num_ weeks still no word from them on repairs .
they lost me and my friends as customers .
we just move to the neighborhood and we 'll be back !
the usual ladies are friendly and know the locals and regulars .
very friendly and courteous staff !
however , he stated he would call me back after asking someone else .
i do n't understand why this is so difficult to get right !
great customer service .
it is very clean and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful .
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .
service was fast , friendly and professional .
everything was excellent .
this was the most disappointing dish we ordered .
for no solid reason .
i will never give this business another dollar ... .
very disappointed !
always excellent service .
she is incredible .
excellent .
awesome place !
seriously the best fish tacos ever !
it was good , not great .
i had a kabob dish which was mediocre but definitely not worth the price .
love the pho .
we just love this place .
a cycle room that is _num_ % empty .
the service was also not good .
this is such a great ma & pa place !
crave it often !
the service was very slow .
we went tonight because we got discounted tickets , _num_ for each .
big mistake .
very competitive pricing .
i love family businesses and this place is awesome .
we loved the service .
they were overcooked and the seared spices were a soggy mess .
i was very disappointed and frustrated .
to say food was horrible is being kind .
an added plus - this year we ate at the bar .
i had philly steak sandwiches , which was very good .
i got there at 8pm with an empty bar and requested _num_ songs .
kitchen nightmares terrible .
they are a top notch family owned company !
great service , great prices .
the only thing that caught my attention was the very large portions of sashimi .
great service too !
chimichanga was the best dish i sampled , but it was not impressive .
will definitely go back !
the service was horrible , and we waited almost _num_ hours for our sushi .
it 's true mexican classic home style food .
my wife and i experienced a five-star performance on valentine 's day .
considering the price tag , i expected a lot more .
prices are good , totally worth a drive to new river .
the pizza is also very good .
these few things made the place seem unclean .
it was a lovely evening and i 'm glad i finally got to go .
hands down , best tacos i 've ever had .
but pretty good .
both of which were excellent .
this location has serious wait staff issues .
these folks must have been referring to gus 's .
wasted time because of poor communication and inconsiderate employees .
i called back , they hung up the phone .
loved the bean dip and chips .
location : perfect if staying in scottsdale .
truly is the best place to live that i can see !
hmmm , and yet the owners choose not to make it available .
great customer service .
those days are long gone .
the girls at will call seem very confused .
i recommend the strips and anything machaca with red sauce .
love the food .
the service was great but the food was a miss .
great service as well .
highly recommended !
the staff is rude and far from helpful .
you went from being my favorite bar , to one of the worst .
it 's clear that these ladies love their jobs .
five star service !
highly recommended .
i 've been coming here for years and love it !
not the subtle spice and flavor of a good mole .
so weird ?
their famous salad was great and my whole table enjoyed everything .
love their wings !
this is my absolute favorite place to go for a nice dinner .
this is the worst dq .
then never came back to check on us .
why ca n't other bar establishments serve delicious food like this place does ?
thank you !
then the after taste was over cooked butter and bad garlic .
service was amazing .
not kidding .
the noodle dish had some vegetables and pork .
interesting place to watch people and enjoy some cheap drinks and eats !
the office staff was so friendly and helpful !
if your car needs repair , this is definitely the place to go !
the fish and chips are amazing !
the prime rib is amazing , and i highly recommend it .
so fun .
very helpful .
not ideal , but not a deal breaker .
absolutely fantastic in every way .
the food is great !
whether they were understaffed or what , i do n't know .
nope , just sorry owner and an even worse human being .
awesome !
terrible customer service and mediocre pizza .
the bar was also good .
orange table is one of the best spots for breakfast and lunch in scottsdale .
once the dog is fixed then you can claim you have a clue .
ingredients were super fresh .
the curries are excellent and the service is always quick and friendly .
very nice contemporary chinese cuisine .
i love elmer 's .
there were only _num_ other very small groups there .
service was great as they continued to check on our table .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .
room is well maintained and our suite was large and comfortable .
it was wonderful .
they have to finish theory conversations before helping anyone standing at the counter .
great all around .
the group of us tried several items .
they were very friendly and even recommended some good places to eat .
helpful , timely , & polite .
annoying .
the only saving grace to pizza is that it is finger and convenience food .
the food is disgusting .
it 's sweet , spicy , and comes out hot .
the manager in this location is always friendly with me .
i love that she gives a lot of good advice .
the free chips & salsa when check in not that great at all .
honest , trustworthy , consistent and just plain good people !
i 'm really angry that we were taken advantage of .
go giants !
we came on a friday for lunch and the place was not very busy .
awesome time on the river !
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .
everything was good .
next favorite is the steak sandwich .
anyway , there really is n't much to say about this place .
funny stuff .
can we get our gas money back ?
i checked online and the only place it was playing was the cheap theater .
the view is also really nice .
great donuts .
the rooms great .
service was good at the bar .
looks and all , i had a nice time .
adequate portion but sauce was tasteless .
methinks not is damn right .
the food was fantastic and the price was great !
good customer service .
i left the office with peace of mind .
the bagels are fresh and the cream cheese is delicious .
the grounds are always very clean .
the lack of professionalism definitely gets annoying .
terrible location .
would not call other pharmacy nor my vet to do her `` research '' .
frankly , i was not impressed .
thank you !
do n't ever ask for more chips , second basket is $ _num_ !
great place , highly recommended .
this place is great !
and can never get a hold of anyone .
would highly recommend it .
he made the whole experience fun .
yummy food and lots of entertainment .
after paying $ _num_ for my first time , i have had better .
and of course no one has still returned my call .
i would n't recommend it .
excellent selection of foods .
thanks so much !
a great place for a date because i was on one .
go check it out !
tickets come with the worst fees .
excellent atmosphere , professional service , and outstanding food !
it does not take that long to cook sliders !
friendly and professional service .
staff was very friendly and attentive .
it was just a horrible experience !
it looks like most reviewers gave stars for how cheap the food is .
she is very rude and sassy .
prices are reasonable and the quality is outstanding .
marc is great and honest !
staff was rude and apathetic during our stay .
but she just , uh ... it was really weird .
place sets the bar high .
items come out beautiful and they have a cool little rewards program as well .
overall disappointed and will definitely be trying somebody else next time .
this is one of the worst spots to visit .
katie delivered stellar service .
it was almost empty .
these guys were amazing .
their small calzone is really gigantic !
my hair looks so cute , i love it !
always good service and not busy .
he walked away from me and assisted them instead !
quite a disappointment .
brought my cameras in for a cleaning , and would highly recommend morris .
a wonderful experience thus far .
good atmosphere .
so disappointed !
if i could give negative stars i would .
definitely recommend everyone using them for any landscaping needs you might have .
i 'd recommend .
you get to put your favorites onto a sandwich for a great deal .
the sandwiches are made with quality ingredients .
gross .
great place for all your favorite kinds of asian food .
it was fantastic !
we tried the enchiladas , sweet n spicy pork salad , flan .
stellar service at a reasonable price .
dropped in to quality bumper a dealership recommendation for some running boards .
i wish i would have read the reviews first .
they have my favorite local beer on tap !
the roasted vegetables were decent but the garlic mashed potatoes were nothing special .
the new management is terrible .
they were efficient , polite , personable , and very on top of it !
first visit - dressed down .
so not ideal for a date unless you can get into a booth .
this dentist office is the best !
the food is worth the wait !
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .
_num_ minutes .
not only was the food a disappointment but the place was a dump .
also enjoyed the crazy lobster roll with cucumber wrap and the squid salad !
love the food and the service .
the caesar salad was watery and not seasoned properly .
i just walked out .
i love yelp and want to be a fair reviewer .
i love this place .
much better than the tortilla factory !
everyone was friendly .
the food was lousy .
good food , great service a must stop .
trying to cash out or get a check was a nightmare .
quality of both beef and chicken seemed low grade .
the ambiance is super cute and the service is top notch .
great place to eat .
if this place was in chicago it would lose business to red lobster !
sushi was great and portion sizes were just right .
fast professional and extremely clean .
not by word of mouth and certainly not by any reviews i have read .
i ordered for _num_ people and none of them liked their food .
they were great .
so i brought my business elsewhere .
confused ?
we never changed our mind and i 'm _num_ % sure everyone ordered water .
i also worry about cleanliness .
i love this place , but give me more hot sauce !
being a female and bringing a car in one is always weary .
no , sorry , that 's not ok .
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !
and the roses were gorgeous .
horrible !
i get settled in and ready to dish up my entree .
i recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone needing to see a dentist !
i had a great experience !
overall a good selection of breakfast menu items .
it was amazing .
great architecture , and the layout is very creative as well .
delicious dinner on the patio last night .
fresh and homemade pasta .
when i walked in the energy was really high .
nice and helpful !
gammage itself however is not so amazing .
the food and service are both great !
all around great experience , i will be back in the future .
coconut joe is another favorite of mine .
do n't let the exterior fool you , the rooms are horrid .
the people running it were really friendly and family oriented .
sea saw was an amazing restaurant .
pictures were terrible quality .
a great place to live check it out !
i ate here weekly for years , sometimes twice a week .
the owners are adorable !
and the towels were low quality and smaller than any decent hotel should have .
additionally , the staff is very genuine and friendly .
wo n't come here again .
a group of us rolled in after dinner at ra and found the party .
poor service !
really cute market & ca n't recommend highly enough !
fantastic service every time !
but it 's just not working for me .
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .
he found a million and one excuses to why the hair color failed .
been a long time since i was there but i was very pleased !
nothing special .
excellent customer service .
i work in customer service and i know how people should be treated .
the service is really good .
clean and organized tho !
seriously delicious .
i under that on dollar wednesdays it can get kind of hectic thats fine .
baked ravioli was outstanding .
there is decent hiking just a block or so away - up camelback mountain .
that is basic customer service especially for a long time customer .
the deli case workers are so sweet !
$ _num_ for a whole day of fun .
most delicious .
also , they sell boards head lunch meat at a great price .
they made me i had no right to be there .
excellent pizza !
and the food is great too .
delish as always .
i 'll check it out again sometime .
i was also able to get brown rice which makes me happy !
best drink selection in town and friendly helpful staff .
worst experience ever .
the lettuce was limp .
straight up best gyros !
the music playing was 50s music which does n't make sense for a bar .
orders are correct and they are always friendly when we go .
give this sweet girl a try !
absolutely fabulous food !
would def recommend !
the color and cut have always been fabulous !
no self check out .
my loyalty to them meant nothing .
the volcano roll was horrible .
excellent food !
friendly staff and all about quality !
great variety of salads and entrees .
the sushi was mediocre and honestly forgettable .
best restaurant au jus i have had in a long time !
from the friendly staff to the free underground parking , our trip was phenomenal .
the ice queen ( dark hair - tattoos ) only checked on me once .
so , if you have a roommate , you guys are screwed .
terrible service .
my favorite korean place .
great store , johnny and the staff are awesome !
bouncer however , very rude and looked like he wanted to fight us .
the last time was so disappointing .
this place sucks for customer service .
it 's magnificent .
the store is well organized and clean .
if you need a relaxing evening , this was wonderful .
i love coming to the cove .
once , twice , three strikes , you 're out .
salsa is great .
best restaurant in the valley .
absolute sweetheart and so professional .
great little neighborhood place .
_num_ % tip ?
i went in to have lunch last weekend and was extremely impressed .
the perfect dress , the perfect hours , the perfect seamstress !
everyone does omelets , pancakes , etc .
excellent service , excellent food .
great soup , decent sandwiches .
great value for money .
this place is great !
i dont write many reviews but certain places like this deserve a shout out .
delicious !
how refreshing to stumble upon a company with such outstanding ethics .
excellent little dive bar .
still sadly disappointed in this location , i 've never been so let down .
bottom line , good pizza at good price .
so delicious !
we go there to eat , dance , and listening to the music !
so i was very unimpressed with this wine bar .
the service was exceptional and the food was even better .
bar area is decent with a reasonable crowd around happy hour .
there is always at least one item forgotten .
i love , love , love this store !
i know that this the team you can trust to look after your eyes .
this is my favorite restaurant !
best burger in town .
gives a perfect fade .
by the time i got home my dog was bleeding again .
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !
they have a great beer selection and its a perfect place for a sat .
my mother is new to mesa so i brought her downtown for a mani/pedi .
kitschy decor , annoying tvs , service was ok but disinterested .
i 've never not finished an italian sandwich until today .
very nice from a neighborhood restaurant .
he flat did n't care .
they also have great bagels .
priced nice and the food is good .
on top of that , the staff was very friendly and informative .
was ignored for quite a while , then was finally helped .
they were all excellent .
great location , products and people .
the horror begins after you drive off the lot .
highly recommended !
their food is good , service is better .
a nice oasis in downtown scottsdale .
i would have done better getting an instant thai meal at the grocery store .
will definitely go back !
they did a good job .
the shrimp was good but everything else i barely ate any of .
it was cool and comfortable .
the work was first class !
great experience .
for $ _num_ roughly per plate the food was very average .
too messy .
definitely check it out .
everyone is very friendly and helpful as well .
great service again !
unbelievably delicious !
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .
and that 's just not worth the $ $ when your starving .
helpful staff , great service , fantastic local business .
been here twice , the cheeseburger is amazing .
the size of the helpings is generous and the prices are reasonable .
it 's the perfect breakfast .
hubby and i had a meal before my tennis match on a monday .
we found everyone to be very friendly , fun to talk to and professional !
just heavenly italian food !
great place to get a pizza .
he takes a genuine interest in how you are doing .
best sushi in old town scottsdale .
do n't waste your time and $ $ $ highly overrated !
the food was delicious , and came quickly despite it being very busy .
short and sweet ... .
and this is why trusting dealerships is hard .
that said , the exhibits they had were really something special !
i like my food spicy .
my favourite bar in old town .
they are just so pleasant .
yes they are freshly made everyday .
worst italian place ever .
i wish i 'd had something even near the experience other yelpers have had .
horrible experience .
free if i wanted to drive back an get it .
and the food is just ok .
i had a wonderful calzone that was enough for two meals .
which tells you i 'm tired of it .
i was impressed with that , too .
if you ask me it was unprofessional and unsanitary .
i will for sure be back !
they think it 's ok to be rude to the customer .
great price for delicious pizza .
for what they charge , yes portions are a bit on the small side .
it is always a treat !
in phoenix for _num_ weeks for work from la .
loves this place and the authenticity .
it is really bad experience .
they were all entire sets in great condition for awesome prices .
the omelet i tried was delicious , service was great .
red white and brew delivered with service and amazing food .
more yelling , no real response .
i 'd purchased a aaa battery and just _num_ months later started having issues .
just an awful meal .
save yourself the trouble and your business elsewhere .
no , no .
cool 6am bar .
i have had better chowder at a lower price .
never disappointed , i had the best burger of my life last night !
ok i 'm done .
the place is just straight up fun .
teach your employees some compassion .
i highly recommend the stylist rhonda .
thanks guys !
weird that studio _num_ lets it happen and wo n't call the police .
abby is amazing !
excellent service .
and they got a pretty interest line up of beers on draft .
i only gave _num_ stars because the service was decent .
tiger roll is also good .
great staff to serve you .
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
i challenge you to express the good as well !
the salad was nothing to brag about .
love it !
my absolute favorite mexican food restaurant on the planet .
and the style he so expertly executed suits my present mood perfectly .
went last night with a friend and we will be back .
the pizza was done quite fast , however , it look completely disgusting .
what a pleasant surprise !
excellent food , nice cozy ambiance , very authentically persian .
my dad got a gift card and took us .
great wait staff .
love this place !
the woman was helping another customer , the young girl standing around .
enjoy !
probably the best i 've had in scottsdale .
this place is great !
the tomato was mushy .
she brought my husband the wrong drink .
it did n't have a lot of flavor and not enough toppings .
rumors is my new place and kayla is my new stylist !
highly recommend !
too buttery and not enough bread !
treat yourself and go get tea .
$ _num_ gets you a car wash and vacuum - nothing extra .
but a good track to run on , no doubt about that .
during lunch hours this place is always packed .
then why did you tell me it was on the way ?
honestly it was n't very good at all .
first off , when we called , we got the usual sales tactics .
i love the dark old school atmosphere and tall booths .
the food is good and the delivery is on point .
absolutely wonderful .
best cuban sandwich i 've ever had !
i wish i could give a more favorable review .
they made a dental visit a very easy and comfortable one .
excellent service too .
this place is a hidden gem .
they also serve great lunches .
if i ever looked him in the eye he stared me down .
amazing !
i would recommend going to this store for nice merchandise at good prices .
the baked potato soup is wonderful !
if you 're a sushi lover then you came to the right place .
we were disappointed with our overall experience .
price $ _num_ for _num_ raviolis .
love the food .
what a horrific experience , from start to almost finish .
fantastic suit store .
not one in the place !
wanted above average bar food and good beer selection .
it tasted like calamari .
highly recommend it .
is this gym gross , dirty and smelly ?
i have lived here since _num_ and this is my first time !
the rice was overcooked and hard .
spend your money somewhere where they actually care about their customers .
they even helped with some of the insurance issues i was having .
overall a good meal !
love this place .
it was worse than any drive bars i have been to .
tacos with a hair baked into the shell .
the staff is amazing - incredibly accommodating and kind .
they were all friendly , considerate of our home , and thoroughly professional .
the second i entered the door i was greeted by three associates .
i definitely recommend the fresh spring rolls ( such fluffy noodles ! )
this was a great experience and very special outing for me and my family .
the door would n't open at all .
nice place .
excellent service .
i went here based on yelp reviews ... are you serious ?
( took _num_ days to do a simple bumper hood repair . )
this property is well maintained , the staff is courteous and prompt .
i forgot how good it was !
pretty bummed about the scottsdale culinary festival .
it was delicious going down , but i regretted it the next day !
so worth the price !
all of the staff were wonderful .
made a reservation for _num_ during restaurant week , confirmed the day before .
try their happy hour !
amazing .
i have already recommended this place to people .
in fact , the edge looked better than showroom .
service was painfully slow .
she is the best !
not a fancy place but charming and unique .
between this time and monday i was out of town for business matters .
sales rep knew nothing about the vehicle besides the very obvious .
they have a pretty bad sports program and they have a terrible student section .
pretty sweet .
great price , lots of real deli meat .
love this restaurant and always will .
$ _num_ total .
went next door for ice cream and the card was fine !
excellent value !
sf giants game !
it was this ... ugh .
cons -- ugh , where do i start ?
must eat here .
still nothing , so we left .
thank you guys so much .
just left and took it off the bill .
gross !
first timer over at the pei wei .
tons of empty space .
amazing food .
there were no ball washers & no pictures of the fairways at each tee .
arguably the best pizza in town .
wow !
great for kids !
i 'm not going back , not even on a bet .
the ribs are worth the trip !
great food , nice atmosphere .
the salmon lox was delicious .
the worse service i have ever had .
we 've gone back _num_ times and each time gets worse .
what this restaurant does is so easy !
we will definitely come back to this place though !
nasty .
i will definitely go back .
this entire process would have taken about _num_ minutes and _num_ seconds .
this is probably my favorite thai food in town .
the scenery is incredible and there was so much wildlife and amazing views !
fast friendly and professional work .
worth a visit for the take home beer selection .
i always find cute stuff !
the price is definitely right too , especially for two medical school students !
i would definitely recommend this place !
lynn needs to go flip burgers for a living !
the drinks were too weak , what is advertised as hot is not .
their chicken dinner meal looked like sliced cafeteria chicken .
he was very accomodating and easy to work with .
thats all i 'm gon na say .
the food is well worth the wait !
if i could rate them a zero i would .
will definitly come back .
worst margarita i 've ever tasted .
that is my favorite place to spend time looking around !
loved it .
do n't know how that even happens .
just went today and scored with two summer dresses ... for free .
service was good and friendly .
the last time we went , i just asked for plain hot water .
had dinner here last night and it was great .
they put sausage on the whole pizza .
so i was unable to bring the chicken in to get my money back .
dirty and rude employees .
excellent service !
good people watching .
the waiters and waitresses are all very kind and welcoming .
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
i only go for location but i 've been to plenty better .
my hair looks great .
i would never ever ever book another stay here even if it was free .
i love the lady that helped us out .
come and meet lenny himself !
delicious !
i had a great time and loved the performances and the costumes !
overall a great first experience .
the service was just as bad !
it came out very overcooked .
i also love the ambience .
i was very happy with the results !
no flavor .
my wife enjoyed the prickly pear margarita with dinner .
the food was not even remotely close to fresh .
my stylist was tina and my experience was amazing .
best persian food in az !
waitress was on top of it and super friendly .
would be fun for a date or girls night out .
so accommodating and such nice staff .
i asked for linguine & clam sauce and a fettuccine alfredo .
unfortunately , the whole eating experience was underwhelming .
recommend to anyone !
we will definitely return next time we 're in az .
very very poor business operation .
worst service .
it is a harmony of excellence .
bad job kathy ... bad job .
and he left to get the comp info .
its awesome and god is doing some great things here !
i have never actually tried the cakes , but they look damn good .
then again it is not strictly a steakhouse .
a large cheese pizza would probably get you to the moon and back .
i would recommend it as a cool place to hang out .
best mussels i 've eaten in my life .
it 's apparently just a smoking area for the few existing patrons .
what a disappointment !
i loved this place .
overall this place looked nice and has good food .
my first experience of a comedy show and this location .
all i can say is wow .
gross .
for _num_ drinks and two snacks our bill comes to _num_ .
not even in another state .
it is rundown and needs updates .
the techs are helpful as always .
been here a couple of times and they do a great job .
about _num_ ounces , if that .
just do n't go .
so rude , i was about to walk out .
they were wonderful , the food and service is the best .
rude service never returning .
the service was slow and he was rude and cold .
drive thru service , hell yeah !
but unfortunately , dont think i will .
what an inviting , charming place to have pizza with friends during the week .
ten stars for him , minus nine for his office person .
other than that is is like every other mcdonald 's in the us .
i also tried a couple of their margaritas .
the best chips and salsa as well !
excellent staff .
( _num_ minutes later i catch her walking by . )
great little place ; glad i found them .
this hotel has terrible service especially at the pool .
i tried this place a couple months back .
great spot in the heart of old town .
this place is great .
this location is terrible !
wonderful experience !
the staff is horrible i will never go there again .
love this place !
i had to wait _num_ more hour for the prescriptions to be ready .
looks the waiters just dont want to work !
great tire shop !
went here with some friends and was not impressed .
everyone i met was so friendly i felt very comfortable going there .
it is overall an awesome property .
you ca n't estimate when a project will get done ?
sunset completed the evening .
i recommend highly .
when we first checked in the hotel clerk was not very welcoming .
best in quality , and selection !
great food , excellent service and a gorgeous view !
just finished up at native and we had the best server , liz !
will continue to stay her for the value .
barely enough cheese on pizza .
so happy with our camp shirts !
the food here is as authentic to mexico as can be !
they had n't even looked at it !
terrible pad thai .
nice .
they tasted ok ... not much of a drink special .
the best german food i have had in arizona .
amazing food !
i can not believe how this place is still in business .
this restaurant is a real gem in north scottsdale .
the service was horrible .
good food .
low quality ingredients in my opinion .
no wonder the place is a shut whole .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .
the course and clubhouse has improved immensely over the years !
would definitely eat here again .
recommend this to anyone .
there was garbage , literally garbage , all over the floor by our table .
poor customer service .
i have never felt so offended and appalled by how we were treated .
and she informed me she is leaving rio and assigned me a new advisor .
i 'm glad we made the drive cuz the food was excellent .
rude !
prices are fair and you get a good amount of food for your buck .
loved it .
wow can you say amazing new entrance !
sorry , but i wo n't come back .
things quickly went horribly wrong once i placed my order .
a great part of downtown chandler .
they also forgot our desert .
however the chicken was like gum .
the refried beans were bland and the rice overcooked and mushy .
i highly recommend them !
great pizza , great wine , great service !
have always had a good experience .
super impressed .
great wine selection , great food selection .
french dip is always on point .
the staff here is very attentive and helpful .
chorizo and egg was perfect !
after waiting for a while , the busser finally brought us waters and silverware .
the hamburger was as expected .
the service is decent as well .
one of the premier hotels around the valley .
this one , however , had seen better days i 'm sure .
food was bland and cold .
it is officially where customer service died .
the bottom of the dress was black from the dirty floors .
great fun , interesting crowd .
yummy food , great drinks !
very busy but very good service .
nobody was going to be going to his establishment anyways .
what a great group .
my daughter finished her meal , we left , i did not eat mine .
great take-out chinese , love the crab puffs !
friendly staff !
result : never going back again , never saying a kind word .
too bad for you ... i had lots of money to spend today .
a local favorite !
the music was a little too loud and the interior was predictable .
said as soon as we filled out paperwork , she was ready for me .
prices are very fair .
love this place !
will definitely be a regular here now .
service was very good .
the only plus was the attentive and helpful wait staff .
sadly , his tactics worked .
so much yum !
i recently moved in to a newly remodeled apartment .
always good after the river too .
definitely will return !
overall a great birthday spot .
on-time , knew their job , very professional , and quick .
staff is always super helpful and nice as well .
- bad customer service .
priceless !
james is a very good salesman !
i come here once a week and really look forward to it !
love the staff .
as we walked to the table the hostess was not happy to seat us .
growing up with this place brings back a lot of memories .
the atmosphere and service were also very good .
very big portion and the fish was very good .
it seems my experience with good veal is extremely limited .
nice people running this place .
my husband and i come here all the time ... ... great food !
i have lost all respect for mountain view funeral home .
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .
seriously great food and service .
two thumbs up for mark !
nigiri : fish was stale .
great room service , and truly excellent housekeeping staff .
went with a party of _num_ and loved this place .
i will definitely recommend this place .
thank you !
so this is _num_ star reviewed for the second time in a row .
most of the stuff was really good .
thank you again to every staff member at oasis animal clinic !
ordered spicy chicken wrap and it was so soggy that it just fell apart .
we have been going to sweet cakes for years .
so good !
the portions are huge so be prepared to take some home .
love this place .
the worst pizza ever eaten .
best neighborhood grocery store .
rick is very thorough , knowledgable , responsive , responsible and honest .
the staff was awful , rude and not approachable .
i ordered the swordfish with mango salsa .
i love this place !
the band at jade was amazing , we will definitely return !
normally at italian restaurants the calamari is fried , but not here .
excellent service .
she is accomodating , detailed , specific and she works her tail off .
i also do n't blame smokers for smoking in places where it is allowed .
it was annoying .
the ice machine was out of ice .
romantic , intimate and warm .
best sports bar ever !
if all you want is pizza , this is the place .
everything was delicious .
she shrugged and said she would not do my work .
the dim sum items were over steamed and were dried out on top .
her prices are very reasonable and she is a lovely person .
good pricing on their coffee drinks .
totally awesome food and service ... .
needless to say , we decided to pass on dessert and head home .
groupon does n't save you much .
the owner is from thailand and is very friendly .
wtf is wrong with this company !
terrible - no flavor , cold .
also their chili is usually watered down .
excellent atmosphere ... great place for a date as well !
my oil and tire rotation ( i had and appointment ) took _num_ hours .
great first visit to palm glen .
i 'm also a huge fan of their halibut .
salon tru is very nice salon , but a little pricey .
love her to bits !
one of my favorite restaurants !
but they are charging late fees on late fees .
wings are just as good too .
burger were pretty tasty !
it 's the establishment doing away with the establishment .
needless to say i am a very happy patient of theirs .
had the typical delivery chinese food craving so i looked for a good one !
love it .
i still ca n't hear you , sorry .
great service and customer service .
their bulk food section particularly is impressive ... and the prices are fabulous !
biscuits please !
my husband got the enchiladas and also really enjoyed them .
the chicken was burnt so badly .
happy hour prices great !
the burrito itself was okay nothing great .
if i was reviewing the bar - _num_ stars !
the jalapeno cream cheese is one of my favorites .
i definitely recommend the place !
best around .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .
just better quality products all around , in my opinion .
good prices , and a very comfortable , family-friendly atmosphere .
they are no dealership , but chris does his best to make you happy .
very good quality , impressed with this restaurant .
i will not be back and do not recommend them for anyone .
this place is consistently very good .
of all the spas in the area , this is by far the best .
you could n't even tell it was open .
awesome !
the chimichanga with carne asada is amazing .
definitely would go back !
man , it was just a disaster .
best place to eat in the area .
it tasted like an omelet ... which i did not want !
she informed me that they needed the table by 8:30 .
so sad .
great collection of cars .
i loved it .
i told him that salmon does not take this long to grill .
fantastic place , good food , good service , good drinks .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !
i did not get the same service .
so next time , i will wait and see my own physician .
so , i asked if i could put a little ice in the mug .
had your typical scoop of ice cream on a cone - it was delicious !
a consistent favorite .
my gorgonzola rib eye was supposed to be medium rare ... again , nope .
first of all the old lady at the counter was extremely rude !
needless to say that i 've built up my expectations over time .
i did n't let them waste another second of my time .
and it will not be here .
shame ... on ... you for having no compassion and accommodating our family .
your beer special is a $ _num_ miller lite ?
the chefs are awesome and highly entertaining .
the chef must have been off last night .
no other patrons were on the patio ( figures ! )
they are very generous with their scoops and have friendly service !
he is an a hole .
great food as always .
they lost my business and my recommendation over $ _num_ .
great place to go !
native is even good for families .
the quality was horrible .
i would definitely recommend checking it out .
they have very good prices and a nice staff .
pretty impressed with the set up .
yuck ... we asked for just regular sourdough and they did n't have any .
the food was amazing like always and we left very full and happy !
cons : pizza did not taste good .
basically over americanized food that is way over priced .
do n't drink and drive !
the server was surly , no smile , no thank you .
the specials are awesome and they have some fun games like giant connect four .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .
we too never got an opportunity to eat here .
thank you !
it was the number and quality of the reviews that brought me here .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
i 'm sure if i was still in college , i 'd like it .
the show is very entertaining and the musicians are very talented .
trash !
this spot is great !
maybe people just are n't used to great mexican food in az .
food was really good and the portions were huge .
it was low quality , high calorie and not very subtle .
the service was also wonderful .
a lady i work with had a similar experience with her room .
kudos to angie and roberto who really are stand outs on a great team !
good food and service every time i 've been here .
that 's not why i 'm giving this _num_ starts .
big mistake .
found heaven for sure .
highly recommend .
this is my favorite place in the valley to get pizza by the slice .
just gorgeous decor and atmosphere .
they are really helpful and honest .
they said that the manager was busy , and that security would be coming .
what a great value !
it was gross .
i also recommend getting the blue cheese crust on top of the ribeye .
hard to understand actors .
i tipped about _num_ % but i was really pissed i did .
so far this has been the most impressive medical experience i have ever had .
the antipasto platter was wonderful .
excellent !
great lunch joint .
the live music is awesome as well .
paul the manager took care of me today !
i had been consistently coming here near weekly for a few years .
service staff is very knowledgeable as well .
thank you again for being a great company !
it was beyond annoying !
waited over _num_ minutes for our entrees .
place is not just outdated but falling apart .
this store is the best.
great butter pecan ice cream !
nice enough and helpful .
amazing breakfast burritos , great vegetarian burrito !
i 'm not moving in !
they installed it a few months ago and it is still working perfectly .
no apology from dentist .
the regulars and the bartenders were great entertainment !
they always have great new things and you really can not go wrong .
terrible service .
the food finally arrived and it was gross .
heidi was super nice and efficient .
is it the best thai ?
i drank it so it would go away .
great & friendly service .
my wedding reception was flawless !
this place is disgusting and i will never be back .
best donuts in town !
this place is a stink hole !
what 's the big deal about a twice baked potato ?
i informed him we were just trying to enjoy my visit .
great food , ambience and location .
anyways , love this sephora !
i guess i will go to scottsdale to get these done .
not hard at all , i worked here when i was _num_ .
wow !
my friends and i loved this place !
well i was disappointed .
you can not judge people based on appearance .
what about 5-10 minutes has passed we still have n't gotten our drinks .
i 've been going to ra sushi for _num_ yrs .
my friend had to spit out the calamari .
the servers are friendly and the service is quick for a fancy place .
i tipped $ _num_ and got the hell out of there .
had the shredded chicken chimi platter and it was perfect .
the customer next to us had the lobster and was also big time disappointed .
nice staff & great menu .
the doctor here is so nice and sweet and very informative .
excellent pizza that wo n't leave you feeling stuffed but still very satisfied .
the pizza was blah - totally generic and nothing special .
always has what i need .
the nachos and beer were the best part .
wonderful place !
i agree with other reviews that the service and food are both fantastic .
thought nothing of it .
i would give then zero stars if i could !
food is pretty pedestrian , location is a plus .
uniquely cool !
truth be told , i did n't even get to the order .
they make shipping stuff a pleasant experience .
too bad , used to be great .
whenever attendants are here they are super nice and helpful .
thank goodness i found this place .
great nail techs , relaxing environment .
their beer is n't my favorite , and their food is sub-par .
i love a good dive bar but this place is disgusting !
great customer service and beautiful cake .
it 's an affordable and friendly place and the food is consistently good .
every time i go to az i always go here .
shrimp toast : lots of flavor and that flavor was salt .
it fits it all !
this place is awesome !
recommended by a local we had to check this place out .
i also like the location in the scottsdale fashion square .
food is delicious .
this is a great place to be morning or night .
a crap place passing off the italian food that they serve under normal days .
it just was n't happening .
sephora is like crack for me .
waitress has always been super nice .
really good .
he looked inside and told me it would be $ _num_ .
yes , i came with my girlfriend .
so nice to be home !
great , helpful and knowledgeable staff and great prices !
the pizzas are good .
the miso was nasty as well .
my partner ordered a steak and it was a bit cold .
_num_ ) most importantly , their sound is horrible !
wonderfully kind staff .
i do n't see the big deal .
this store is large , clean and bright .
he saved the day .
i do n't recommend brown rd animal clinic to anyone at all .
i walked out hungry .
also great bartender !
i am extremely pleased with the results , and also with the service .
thanks allison !
my go to spot for good craft beer for many years .
i hate to say it but i was so disappointed .
my husband and i were there with a large group about _num_ of us .
parking is a nightmare .
ra is awful .
i spent $ _num_ on a fake chanel bag .
good hookah too .
the money they charge obviously is n't going towards the restaurant .
it tasted as good as it looked .
he comes in , i explain what i am looking for .
this is a fun place with something for everyone .
the food was pretty good too .
no discount or offer to clean my outfit .
went here with a couple of friends for dinner and really enjoyed the food !
salmon was unremarkable .
clean rooms , ample parking , well appointed suite style rooms that felt spacious .
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .
it was truly awful .
love dos gringos for happy hour .
he does not care about the customer , customer satisfaction or his job .
lovely place !
great hotel - the room is big with a separate living area .
you could n't even taste the steak because of the gravy taste .
just did n't seem very fresh .
just had the chorizo breakfast burrito , so good !
enough said , i think that sums it up !
literally every single time they leave out the onions .
definitely recommend .
the phoenician is a great resort .
fast service , reasonable priced and friendly service .
the iced tea was fresh .
bad .
literally feels like half of a school .
defalco 's is amazingly delicious .
very authentic japanese in an elegant , clean , and inviting atmosphere .
he served our drinks quickly .
the owner was terribly rude and spoiled it .
the rest of the staff has been great too .
the facility is overall pretty clean .
it 's actually bigger than the san diego store .
our server kim was phenomenal and deserves a raise .
big disappointment .
terrible !
the ambiance is elegant without being stuffy !
service just gets worst and worst .
nothing special about service either .
the french toast was some of the best i have ever had !
so awful !
menu options ... .
this place is a nightmare .
awesome thai !
this is terrible , never had i had an issue this bad .
mike the gm gave me a great discount !
they remodeled and are modern and clean looking .
wish i had n't .
no taste no flavor a basic chain style pie with no soul .
i definitely recommend anyone in scottsdale to check this place out .
have always enjoyed our visits here .
love all the bagels .
their breakfast sandwiches and bowls are delicious !
this is definitely not a place i would recommend .
mistakes happen and we would have understood if they had been apologetic and accommodating .
the ambience is wonderful and we would totally visit it again .
after waiting a while , i would just leave .
good food , great margaritas , fun atmosphere .
service was great , food was great .
this was for sure good .
i ca n't believe i had to pay for this .
love my tattoo !
such ... a ... disappointment .
woke up with headache everyday .
_num_ of the _num_ had the fixed price and had given their dessert order .
this place is the best .
i 'm definitely coming here again .
def recommend everyone to eat here .
same great service and food !
rude and careless staff .
thanks for not helping me tonight after getting stranded in phoenix airport .
hubs has had the lobster bisque and he said it very good .
my dining partner 's omelet was n't anything to brag about either .
some rough looking young people .
nothing fancy but good food .
my favorite downtown mesa lunch spot !
the installer did not see this when he was done ?
i love the food .
az people - you know better mex food !
jammed packed with all kinds of beautiful stuff .
we sat on the couch for _num_ minutes waiting .
definitely ask for the hand roll !
_num_ did n't .
the manager could care less that we had an awful experience .
i usually do the drive thru and it is quick and easy .
bring the whole family and create fond memories for your kids too !
sadly disappointed .
very sad !
i walked out .
great family place and wonderful home italian cooking .
as a mexican this is pretty right on !
cool place .
again , the place was n't overly busy , no excuse for delays .
not the options i wanted .
i 'd prefer to just keep buying mine at nordstrom .
delicious food and great service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .
i really like this place for its executive course .
excellent breakfast options on the menu with good coffee .
a great example of starbucks done right !
highly recommended !
piss me off and i talked to their parents .
there is n't a point of paying $ _num_ for one .
i would recommend her to anyone .
i ordered a lemon drop and it was super good .
i stopped for chile relleno breakfast and it was authentic and delicious .
not only is the food amazing but the customer service is beyond belief .
the machaca beef is amazing and the enchiladas are on point .
they did not know how to process it .
she spoke very rudely to my daughter and she was _num_ .
great interior design , fantastic service , and well cooked filet .
anyway , please please do n't waste your time nor money here .
the staff is very friendly .
really disappointed by this place .
if you want a seafood spot in the desert , this is it !
first time they did n't put any veggies on it .
the sushi was essentially a big rice roll with little to no fish .
the person sitting next to us who came in long after was already eating .
will definitely be back !
some of it was cold ( eggs benedict ) .
we will most likely not be back .
the environment was magical and beautiful , and the staff was so inviting .
great personality , amazing skill set , great prices , flawless work .
the food has always been great , as well as the service .
no bottled water - ok , i can deal with that .
i will not go here again .
great room .
most of the time the service is personable and excellent !
would be good to eat with bread or something .
best pozole in town !
he kind & gentle , which is wonderful .
all were very good .
the coffee turned out to be very weak .
not my favorite place , but ok if you like dive bars .
needless to say my nails were breaking within a week .
super burrito generally nails all _num_ .
get an appetizer platter , it 's so delicious and very healthy .
he got his with extra meat .
you will get ripped off !
great value here .
high hygienist turnover with inconsistent questionable billing ... nice facilities .
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .
the tea and coffee is bold , unique and mighty tasty .
strong drinks .
i will gladly drive _num_ miles out of my way to the next subway .
this was _num_ years ago .
thanks for going above and beyond , ladies .
$ _num_ for literally less than _num_ minutes of work !
i will return !
it was certainly not how we planned on celebrating our friend 's birthday .
then _num_ minutes to get us menus , water , and chips .
i will definitely take the drive _num_ this location !
it was a $ _num_ app that i wish i never ordered .
delicious food !
they did get it out about _num_ minutes after serving the rest of us .
i will not be going to this location again .
i recommended .
we had dinner here last night , the food leaves much to be desired .
and management does n't do anything about it .
why does the dealer think we have bags of money ?
well this is it .
probably the best mexican food i have eaten .
their beans , tortillas , and green sauce are pretty tasty as well .
the chopped salad is the best around .
nicole is seriously the best and was so helpful in meeting our rental needs .
everything i 've had here has been great .
it was a wonderful experience and the food was fantastic .
i ordered a caesar with chicken .
service was exceptional .
nice guy , great service , great food .
this place was great .
eating outside is always a plus .
i wish i can take back my $ _num_ and go elsewhere .
always our favorite .
thank you .
every experience with his office and his team has been exceptional .
the eggs were bland , the cheese basic , and the steak questionable .
they listened to exactly what i wanted and made me look flawless !
very personal , professional and helpful .
you would think he would know how to do a pick up correctly .
awesome place !
atmosphere is excellent and food is just delightful !
he has made a huge difference and the staff is equally helpful / friendly .
i met a friend there today for a cup of coffee .
this is a fantastic resort .
her customer skills were amazing and she did an excellent job with my hair .
food is good , is n't an issue .
found this place via restaurant.com and was pleasantly surprised during our vacation in scottsdale .
husbands chicken wrap was boring and uninspired .
the food was excellent .
horrible horrible horrible !
driver scored almost a $ _num_ tip .
we were a party of _num_ and my husband 's entree was delivered incorrectly .
we had way better wine snack food at other places .
this was a great yelp find !
the cardio equipment is sufficient .
do n't be fooled by the name .
if you 're going to have mediocre food , you better have exceptional service .
please do not use this dry cleaner !
the people are rude and do n't speak good english .
great selection of local drafts , also a nice malbec .
best consignment store hands down !
ordered the jumbo meat lovers pizza and it was excellent !
the bathrooms are from _num_ and have not been cleaned since _num_ .
great customer service , fast and efficient !
horribly rude and unprofessional .
hmmm , not bad i thought .
only reason they get one star from us .
i highly recommend this company .
i did not pick this place , met some people there that picked it .
it was really good and really filling .
prices are also great .
the food is mediocre and pricey .
the servers are all pretty and cheerful .
i love going to this place and have for years .
it made me feel as if he is a quality employee .
they have a lot of unique items .
he seemed totally disinterested but he did comp my lunch .
then very quickly we got our artichoke .
suzanne actually helped me herself and was so personable .
you ruined my life !
last week i went in with a new yard project .
this is a prime place to drink and dine .
incredible pizza , great ambiance and terrific service .
this place has a beautiful ambiance and the food is very flavorful !
the entertainment was worse .
we were very pleased with the laid-back environment and friendly staff .
they are always efficient and their sandwiches are consistently good and taste fresh .
the coffee was horrible .
sorry barro 's , you blew it tonight .
oh , the prices are absurd for the entrees as well .
love this office .
i was impressed .
so as you can see , they 're pretty pretentious and blatantly rude .
terrific local italian with all the traditional favorites ... and always some inspired specials .
really effing shitty .
i recommend that you give this church a try !
very well worth it .
did n't really say sorry or offer discounts or anything .
my face looked and felt amazing after .
did they fix the problem ?
but it had a very long way to go in that respect .
we had the steak sandwich and burger which were delicious and cheap !
i love my pedicure , purple is so hot right now .
thanks paul !
steve at this store is amazing .
nice people .
bowling itself was fun .
i would give this joint a _num_ star , but it 's not possible .
by far one of the best hot dog joints out there !
sushi was terrible .
bartender is so friendly .
perfect for a couple of hours of family fun .
they are not interested in quality of service .
i highly recommend the california to both beginners and experienced mexican food eaters alike .
they also have delicious jalapeno biscuits those were very good also .
sorry - that 's just not authentic fare and definitely not serious sushi .
love this place !
great food , big portions and our waitress 's nicole was great !
the carne asada is totally bland .
to say this was a disappointment would be too kind .
each walk is different with different views and photo opportunities .
it is all delicious .
so , that 's it for los olivos .
one star is honestly a stretch for this place .
i 'd definitely recommend it .
terrible service and worse food !
of all the fruit stands in the valley this is the best .
the most peaceful and tranquil hotel i 've ever stayed at .
they always have a cheesecake of the month as well !
the staff is terrific and always available for one on one sessions .
this is the one place that is always friendly and the good is fresh .
they get neither right .
she will be impressed when that comes out .
what a great little spot in downtown chandler !
without saying a word we all walked out .
why would anyone want that if the first scan was good to begin with ?
i highly recommend this restaurant .
quick and friendly service .
sounds good does n't it ?
the pizza was fantastic and the service was excellent .
great place for lunch or dinner !
this just makes me so mad !
service ( john ) : extremely poor .
i called and they quoted me a price on tile , twice .
great , fresh food .
i will definitely return and try other options on their menu .
but then there are the times where it just does n't come together .
i highly recommend gilbert road dental , especially with the new staff .
gross !
unfortunately someone stole the change from my coin slot .
what really wow 'd me at this location was the service .
burned through a lot of `` plant material '' without much of an effect .
will definitely go back the next time i 'm in town .
i particularly recommend this place for people who are alone and want to socialize .
_num_ star - the food .
i do n't get it .
the quality of education is lacking at best , and laughable at worst .
overall fun night .
it 's amazing to think that so many people are wrong .
excellent service in house , terrific value of food for your dollar .
my husband was right - do n't buy groupons !
this is one of my favorite places in the valley to eat .
what a great experience .
lots of variety and fun ice cream shop atmosphere .
the food and prices are excellent .
feel free to come comfy .
i 'll definitely stay here again next time i am in scottsdale .
my regular salon for hair and nails !
$ _num_ for the entire purchase ) from frys electronics .
very nice place , clean and good atmosphere .
older gentleman wandering around had a stained shirt on .
my second meal was excellent .
still good .
great place !
this has nothing to do with the pasta , which was mediocre at best .
and fairly empty .
are there any authentic chinese restaurants in scottsdale ?
amazing omelets and friendly staff .
only reason they got _num_ star is because i cant go lower ... .
worst one around !
no stars granted .
machine works great now .
the event needs some work before i will go back .
everything on the menu is really good and the service is phenomenal .
my nails have been perfect for a week now and still look amazing !
love love the wallpaper market !
that was soooo ... good .
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .
this is a great place for a quick , healthy lunch .
enormous selection , super friendly and helpful staff , and great prices and deals .
i made an appointment to have my car 's tires rotated and balanced .
always packed and the pizza is very consistent .
but overall my experience was great .
i ordered two tacos , which they charge $ _num_ each for .
the whole sandwich was just gross .
he is not a worthy representation of the nordstrom team .
posted hours are `` close at _num_ pm . ''
very reasonable prices as well !
filet was cooked perfectly as i ordered it- medium rare .
still my favorite !
seated immediately at a great , round table perfectly fitting our party .
happy yum .
it 's a honest review ! )
this walmart is scum .
even if it had been good , it was way overpriced .
leave happy !
elmer 's is very greasy and very good .
potato chips were not anything special .
best red potato salad in town .
lesson learned !
i love living here .
our favorite italian restaurant period !
they charge you to take out cash , and give you less cash !
best ny pizza west of the mississippi .
i get all warm and fuzzy !
the wait staff is cold and at times near rude .
beautiful , quiet little place .
great group of people .
i will definitely come back again for the food .
great people and a very good selection at this classic style hobby shop .
the corn bread they give to start is so warm and crispy .
awesome small business !
great store !
i live in la and hub is still my favorite store ... .
i have been there and the food is spot on perfect !
this was by far my worst golf day experience ever !
amazing in this day and age !
i was real pleased with my experience .
the menu is simple and so is the food .
this was our 4th choice in the area and stumbled across it .
ours did n't do theirs justice but it was still fun and tasty .
just crappy mexican food the best part was the mexican flag in my food .
the bar only had about _num_ customers including my self and my two friends .
the best place if your a local !
my husband enjoyed the chile relleno .
they are also pretty good in case of emergency as well .
we are only _num_ years old .
atmosphere not great either .
good burritos all day .
he loved his personal pizza .
great service .
would never use again .
the food takes a bit but is delish !
best chicken parm ever !
very disappointed .
the employees are very rude and do not look at you .
when we just asked for a refund instead the owner was rude and refused .
the portions are ridiculously huge also ... and i mead ridiculous .
best food and service i have had in a long time !
the bartender chick snapped at me and screamed `` no more pitchers ! ''
great food !
all in all , wonderful indian food !
and my little bruce absolutely loved visiting ron .
the woman at the drive up window very very nice .
this is by the far the best bakery in phoenix !
be true to your posted hours so you do n't waste people time .
the tacos are quite good too !
this place is our safe place .
thanks for the delicious ice cream guys !
i do n't know how you make a medium well burger that fast .
thank you dr. jones for making my smile beautiful ! ''
as well as having a big heart just like me !
the receptionist took down my name and number and nobody has called me back .
ugh .
rustic modern decor with a charming waitstaff complete the package .
the happy hour is just as good !
nice having tvs in the bar to watch football .
the best .
i will be back ... great taste and excellent design .
a bit surprised they do n't make their own pasta .
japanese food and korean food at the same time .
the food was delicious .
we were already feeling rushed at this point .
the foods amazing and so are the people .
we like jason the waiter he is great !
you always know what you are going to get .
the staff was n't the friendliest .
there are only a few flavors of ice cream .
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .
staff is exceptional too .
incredibly rude and impatient .
excuse me ?
hi , this place was fantastic !
if you want a mystery order , try the drive-thru !
ive been to run down nasty gas stations with cleaner bathrooms than this place .
you cant beat customer service like that !
totally flavorless .
their food comes out so quick and they keep it tasty and simple .
set an appt _num_ days ahead of time .
it was served as a first course but expertly prepared and cooked .
good pizza and service !
this is quite frankly one of the most disgusting chinese buffets i have visited .
awesome atmosphere .
ok , this is the best of the fast burrito joints around town .
excellent chiropractor !
so excited for the year ahead !
this particular occasion was a serious disappointment .
my girlfriend ordered veal piccata and the dish was too salty to eat .
i was very pleased with the amount of professionalism this place presented .
`` , i thought , she just forgot to take it off .
i completely trust him with everything .
constant staff change .
sour plum juice not good as before .
i really like this family operated restaurant .
the food is great and the drink selection is varied and tasty .
okay , you know what 's cute ?
very clean place but just no ambiance .
that , in my opinion , is a good start .
it 's a sweet spot .
it was just as awful the second time we ordered .
avoid .
when the bill came , i found out the guac was $ _num_ .
the place looks like it might have been remodeled ( ? )
just such a disappointing experience all around .
the food is over priced for the size of portion that is received .
love this place !
it is my favorite place for sea food .
have been coming here for so long it 's the best .
very disappointed .
it was a fun environment to eat in .
the visiting pastor treated me nice and answered my questions .
i purchased a variety of chocolate treats and they were delicious .
great place !
they gave us a tortilla separately with a cheese butter .
would definitely return and recommend to others .
the rooms are sleek and clean .
great for breakfast .
_num_ bad servers in one sitting not good !
excellent service .
there was no apology at all during the whole visit .
i did n't even care to try this dish .
probably the worst service and food i 've ever had !
thanks again .
i had a wonderful experience in the bakery .
also in a very bad area .
great service and let 's start on the food ... ... .
i will not be back any time soon .
i made sure to tell the store manager , but dang she was great .
wings and garbage pizza are solid but the italian sandwich is not good .
i really enjoyed my trip to this store today .
i wo n't be back .
loved it !
too many good restaurants in the area to settle for this .
wonderful food and fun atmosphere !
`` sorry sir .
love this place .
the service was excellent and the food and coffee were perfect .
at one point even stopping a cook .
oh please , she was n't spinning it that hard .
their caesar salad is particularly fantastic .
great dive bar ... love all the christmas decorations !
service sucked , their staff is rude , and the place is a dive .
good and service was great .
tiffany is the best waitress .
had dinner there tonight .
the service has always been wonderful and just love the low key ambience .
i 'll definitely be back .
i love the feel of this place as soon as you walk in .
this place is great !
food is great here .
we had the fajita pitas and they got the order right .
beyond that , it is very dated for the price .
this place is wonderful !
the manager did n't even come talk to us .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .
i am so not lying !
fans ( not ac ) are not on .
great guy , great practice .
the food is incredible .
will not be returning .
food was cold even after sending back , beer was at _num_ degrees .
best mexican take out ... its fast and delish .
living in arizona this is our go to place for great persian food .
good food .
first time ever my yelp offer was not honored .
it was really good .
so we sit down and place our orders .
this is a fun place .
go giants !
it 's totally insane that a chain coffee company can make so many mistakes .
food is okay but not worth the lengthy wait on weekends .
brilliant .
service was mediocre .
continental breakfast is good as well .
i 've purchased a few bags here and the experience is always wonderful .
very popular place , it appears .
they go above and beyond to ensure the customer is satisfied .
the place is also very reasonably priced .
their menu is large enough that there is always something for everyone .
three months before the wedding , i confirmed the prices that were quoted .
either way it 's a good breakfast for the price .
i recommend this location to my friends .
the food was good here , the pancakes were fluffy and delicious .
no , or at least not until we 'd paid the tab .
as to the food , it is hit and miss .
i thought here we go !
so disappointing .
they are known for having thin , smashed , juicy meat and tasty fries .
everything was very well organized .
unfortunately mine was the most severe .
food is always good and chef is very accommodating for special food needs .
i was treated well here , made to feel welcome .
bob is absolutely fantastic .
seriously the best place for lunch .
great sandwich , great atmosphere .
the pizza and pasta dishes are my favorite !
the bartender from chicago was awful .
looks are definitely deceiving with its bright orange paint on the outside .
blue corn enchiladas are amazing and definitely the best patty melt in town !
would definitely recommend this place as a first stop for bridal shopping .
thank you !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
the problem is that they charge for every little thing .
oh and i must recommend the cowboy meatloaf .
i have been dining here for years and always enjoy myself .
however my meal on valentines day was sub-par especially for this restaurant .
keep up the amazing service !
in the beginning , i will admit that i was satisfied .
absolutely ridiculous .
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .
i bring my two dogs here and the staff is excellent .
food is always fresh .
my favorite is the spicy pork .
the list goes on .
my wife loves their gyros .
split the chopped salad and reuben .
cosmo n sandy treat their staff n clients like family .
i love them all .
thanks guys !
the tacos are so damn good , as well as the fajitas .
the course is pristine perfect including the greens and fairways .
good service.
there was no reason for any of them to have acted as they did .
no complaints .
great personal service and on time .
much of the junk i saw was in very , very poor condition .
went in to rumors for the first time .
best mexican food in az if you want that home made kind of food .
they have terrible customer care .
a great place for a date .
do not go here for karaoke .
definitely a place to take all visiting friends and family !
the rooms were `` recently renovated '' which means absolutely nothing .
best quality and highest level of service i have ever experienced .
they are upfront with their pricing and are very reasonable .
i highly recommend her for waxing , facials , etc .
the atmosphere is amazing , the food very good , and the service excellent .
extremely professional and thorough .
to say thanks for your business , sorry i messed up ?
be sure to have some humus as an appetizer - it is excellent .
pizza is made fresh to order .
we finally found our az sushi heaven .
when the bill came , we gave the waitress our coupon .
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !
love tottie 's !
i 'm never going here ever again .
worst customer service ever !
sushi was not fresh .
perfect for a quick breakfast or lunch .
food was phenomenal , well seasoned and definitely fresh .
i have had pizza all over the place and this is a good place .
they do n't even offer wine flights anymore !
i will add my cake pics , they do an awesome job .
want to have some dine in pizza ?
plenty of televisions , and the beer is priced right .
called again on monday and they still have no results .
this is our favorite neighborhood place for dinner .
the pizza had a lot of topping options and were all delicious .
the green chili is a must .
scott came out around noon and then called me with a quote .
the sweet & sour chicken was average .
great sports bar with amazing food .
this whole experience has made me sick to my stomach and beyond frustrated .
place needs a deep cleaning and training in customer service .
i 'm sitting here still waiting on my burrito after _num_ minutes .
love this place !
this is a great dive bar with a little stage .
the wine list is extensive and the food looked good !
the food is consistently good .
regular menu salads mmmmmm !
best mexican food at a reasonable price .
i love it .
i would definitely return for a concert or recommend it to a friend .
they came with a side order as well and we both had the pasta .
for seafood there is a lot to be desired !
i found both new and consignment furniture .
i do not understand how this place is still in business .
the tomato sauce was delicate and had a lot of great flavor as well .
the store was dirty and the workers were just standing around talking .
love her and please pass this on .
ordered medium .
service was excellent as well .
there was n't an employee to be found .
i promise !
really enjoy the pan pizza from rosati 's .
great .
everything we ordered was delicious .
i also had the crab stuffed shrimp and it was too salty .
i knew i found my new regular groomer .
all in all a great eat for everybody !
the hotel was n't interested .
however , this wal-mart has seen better days .
everything i have eaten has been outstanding .
i love this place .
wine list was extensive though .
food was good but server and bartender really were n't .
great location - love old town !
not a friendly place at all .
great to do this here because usually only _num_ choices in golf course types .
it 's interesting .
they look beautiful !
well cared for tables that play great !
it 's reasonable priced for what you get .
they clean the establishment really well , too .
i just recently moved into town and was lucky to find this place .
very rude .
outrageously good thai food in scottsdale with great service to match .
he acted , like oh yeah , i forgot .
i love this bar .
food is awesome and the staff is very friendly .
i love the atmosphere & especially their delicious ice cream .
friendly service every time you go in , and good delivery service !
for me when it comes to pasta , i am a bit picky .
the foods here are pretty bland .
i did gave two starts because the people are very courteous .
thank you dr. hall and staff - you guys are great !
if there was a negative star .
cool place with great food and super service .
the food was high quality and appealing and the service was very good .
i would have given _num_ stars , but my stomach hurts now .
the rice itself was cheap long grain rice .
just the way authentic mexican food should be .
i said no waiting to be seen .
first time here , definitely coming back !
i 'll admit she is n't inexpensive , but she is worth every penny .
the service was outstanding .
no one really seems to know what 's going on .
the rooms are really clean and anything you need , they are always accommodating .
i was happy with the service and pedicure .
someone i know went into this store to buy a purse .
better than dunkin ( and i love theirs ) .
i just had the most bizarre experience at this store .
i am exciting to try the rest of the menu .
reserved a room here for the navy ball .
highly recommend the beef cheesesteak and chicken pesto sandwich !
thank you guys now we fill safe on our road trip .
best bank ever !
amazing delicious greek food with wonderful friendly service .
i have been a patient for _num_ years and probably wo n't be anymore .
a lot of the stuff was extremely used and very overpriced .
the service was fast and friendly !
they were a little spicy but waaaay too garlicky .
i would recommend them to any bride .
delivery was quick but the crab puffs horrible , nothing inside .
i brought in a bridesmaid dress _num_ weeks before i needed it .
i threw away the eggs and potatoes .
i would even beg to say the olive garden is tastier and cheaper .
and i love my dive bars .
the vibe was relaxed , busy , and fun .
blackberry yelp - restaurants nearby - helped me find this great little thai place .
i will not be back anytime soon which is a shame .
they have good craft beer selections as well as awesome drink specials .
i then realized that my whole mouth smelled of onion .
what a wonderful find our here in the desert .
i totally love bars like this .
i got the seattle salmon and i would definitely recommend that dish to anyone !
everything was delicious , but the calamari was my special favorite .
they also charge $ _num_ for chips and salsa .
all of the other app options are solid .
it came out great and for a great price .
their ice cream and ice cream sandwiches are fantastic !
nice upscale atmosphere even if it is part of a chain .
they were fair , friendly and professional .
i had a baja chicken enchilada and a cheese enchilada .
not pretentious yet homey feel .
feel ripped off much ?
servings are generous and the atmosphere is good .
i called at your service rep _num_ times in _num_ hours .
soup was excellent .
my husband had a hot roast beef sandwich & it was very bland .
do n't waste your time.
the wifi stinks , useless really .
guys like bob just do what 's right and in the process build goodwill .
the patio was cool at night with the misters .
the whole staff was amazing and did a great job .
i 've tried a few times .
but i 'm really disappointed with it and not going back .
i was ready to just leave at this point ...
that duo rocks our socks !
either way , you will have an outstanding experience !
cost is great for what you get .
the inside seems clean , and there 's a patio that seems clean .
it 's delicious .
definitely an old town scottsdale institution .
good service , nice bar area and good schedule on the happy hour .
ive had to wait for a cardio machine several times .
i ca n't believe how this place has changed for the worse .
friendly staff , nice environment and really good food .
i would highly recommend checking them out !
they do care and the food is great .
his staff is great and i always get wonderful service .
not worth the $ _num_ price tag for sure .
i called immediately and the owner denied it was washed instead of dry cleaned .
the employees there are generally full of themselves and their sweet bikes as well .
mushroom sandwich looked pretty darn good .
spring training is the best !
honest , very knowledgeable and quick service .
the steak !
thanks for the relief !
however , my excitement turned into disappointment by the end of the day .
i suggest you save your money and bring your own beverages and lunch .
very unique and enjoyable !
however , since then , this store appears to have given up .
they were very good had me excited for the meal to come .
love their service and prices !
i ca n't express how pleased i am with the wonderful service we received .
i did n't see a single korean there eating which is a bad sign .
their strength is definitely consistency .
to start , it took _num_ minutes to get greeted .
i have been here twice and each time it was packed on weekend nights .
this company is terrible !
thanks apache !
great prices .
fast service .
this place 's food does not even remotely taste like sichuan food .
carne asada tacos are beef marinated in soy sauce powder and brown sugar !
i ordered a side of red sauce to dip my pesto pizza in .
pick your fancy , they are all good .
the provider was great !
there was a mini fridge in the room , that worked well.
after being completely blown off for weeks , i give up .
worst dining experience ever i decided for first time to write a review .
nice environment for lunch or dinner .
the best pizza at a great price .
no thanks - i think i 'm officially done .
sashimi tasted old .
to die for ... .
everything i ate was delicious .
authentic !
spending _num_ minutes in a line for the restrooms is completely unacceptable .
theres nothing inviting about the exterior of this restaurant at all .
i will definitely use them again in the future .
definitely will come back !
staff is always helpful .
best mexican food restaurant ever !
i feel confident that i made the right decision in switching to this practice .
overall it was a poor experience with bad service and average food .
i hate iced tea without ice .
the food was just perfect and as advertised .
the food will take time to prepare but well worth the trip !
you 'll be pleased you did !
the amount of vendors for food was good .
we tried the pizza today & it is excellent !
all i want in a car company is honesty .
truly they 're better places than this in az .
all in all just bad !
definitely recommended .
the chicken fried rice was also bland .
his response was that he did not have the authority to do that .
they 're also a joy to hassle web you 're in there .
she brought that out midway thru the dinner .
always in great condition , like new clothes .
great peppery taste though !
i had never experienced such a unique food as cacti and it was awesome !
one of the best french onion soups i 've had .
this is my favorite neighborhood restaurant .
great service and super fast !
will definitely go again !
we will definitely be back !
i eat here a lot .
mole enchiladas are a bit spicy but i like it that way .
wait stuff was good but sushi was inconsistent , ie pieces not same size .
you should charge the same price throughout the bar .
cute decor .
the atmosphere is awesome .
ordered $ _num_ dollars ' worth of pictures .
i love that the tables are set among the groceries .
seriously , that 's how bad their customer service is .
the italian food is good as well .
there was some heavy duty karaoke action going on in the bar .
i have yet to encounter a starbucks as great as you .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .
not anything great like other reviews claim .
drab and even a little dirty feeling .
the ambience is awesome .
the third time was the last time because our service was sooooo bad .
great bar area with a huge selection !
it was superb , with a nice cool beer as the drinking compliment .
lots of open seats were available .
i enjoy good persian food .
it tasted like nothing .
the port is consistent and delicious .
it came out piping hot in a dish and was incredible .
the sangria was not good at all !
beat every other company significantly .
false advertising !
i avoid this store from now on .
i highly recommend !
no texture , just a mushy mess .
reasonable pricing , great work and friendly staff .
it was perfect .
i ca n't recommend it enough .
i had the filet and it was phenomenal !
the ribs were ok , nothing spectacular .
the drive-thru is very convenient .
you just lost a customer .
and the original waitress did n't even come out to our table to apologize !
dont bother and go to home depot across the highway on northern .
they did n't have it on the site that they charge for parking .
yes it does get worse .
first of all , the coffee was really below standard for a breakfast place .
no hand washing or food service gloves .
excellent food and sit on the patio !
but the rest is pretty quick !
we started out with fresh guacamole a smoked salsa and chips .
_num_ ) nicer customer service .
very authentic .
best location on 3rd street and walking distance to everything .
not even close .
all while this was going on , an old man ( barry himself ? )
however , that very same night , one of my nails fell completely off !
the inside is fairly lame , but the patio is perfect .
great bands and great drinks !
the coffee is amazing .
start with a house margarita before happy hour close at _num_ .
they usually have people playing and some good competition .
owners are very friendly , as was my installer .
highly recommended for the animal lovers out there .
as far as the food , that 's where i was underwhelmed .
brought my girls here this summer for one week of camp .
the best bagel shop i have ever been to !
this place get negative stars !
sent back our bloody mary 's because they were watery and bland .
also , loved the music playing in back ground .
the flavor was n't bad , but overcooked noodles really ruins a noodle dish .
the pizza is excellent and inexpensive .
i know she will love it !
definitely go for the ice cream .
great people !
the theaters are top notch - both front and back of house .
great place for chiropractic care .
at no cost - great service !
sorry guys , you need to get your wait staff in check .
disagree with me if you want , but do n't be arrogant about it .
this place is under new management _num_ .
did a great job !
great service and great prices for people on a tight budget .
first off i went there to grab lunch and i ordered my food .
if i could give it a no star i would .
yes , it 's cheap .
our dogs mean everything to us .
all i can say is it was great .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .
awful , awful , awful !
the cornbread is wonderful , it melts in your mouth .
i really enjoy the cesar salad and the steaks .
mcdonald 's food is always the same crap so i 'm not reviewing that .
top _num_ in az !
they will get no money from me .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .
don has always made it work .
the bill for the prior period was $ _num_ .
talk about false advertising so call before you go !
it 's a bar surrounded by tables on an ugly concrete floor .
best pizza in phx !
i 've seen them only in seattle and nyc .
me : `` i 'm sorry , an item went on sale today .
what 's to say , this place is a low class hangout .
i have been going here for years and love the atmosphere and selection .
my favorite is still the t-bone ... also order the jalapeno muffins .
highly recommend !
i also shortly after had a horrible stomach ache that lasted several hours .
we will definitely return !
love it !
will never return to this salon just because of this bad experience .
dessert was amazing too .
just love !
management does not seem to care .
i wo n't be back .
great service , free wifi , fresh food and ingredients !
save your money , go elsewhere .
this is my favorite local pizza , hands down .
i was so pleased !
tried charleston 's , the food was great .
overall , i would n't recommend the sushi here to my worst enemy .
great tasting food and speedy service , highly recommend over the competition .
we have never had a wait and the food comes so fast !
it 's too small and not very clean !
they refused and demanded my doctor call them instead .
they seem to have great selection of wines .
staff very accommodating and the meal was excellent .
cowboy ciao was so good !
she seemed like she was in a constant rush the entire time .
overall , i highly recommend this place .
mesa needs this theatre in our community bringing musical and concerts to our residents .
this was a great authentic meal .
veal was mushy and the marinara was way too sweet .
highly recommend bringing your vehicle here .
drew is great !
i love salon tru !
i hate it when course management do n't bother to keep their reputation .
it was not busy and bartenders seem to not care unless you start complaining .
high end carpets and high end service .
very good .
our server was really not good , he was extremely slow and inattentive .
there were _num_ servers who occasionally made their way to the patio .
he was rude , not our fault they sat us there .
we had mini chimis , beef taquitos & spinach artichoke dip - nothing sexy .
our server was very attentive and we really enjoyed our meal .
thanks denny 's staff you are awesome .
my favorite breakfast in chandler .
wine glasses - accurate to type of wine !
gross .
great place to relax with a good glass of wine .
how do you mess up potato skins ?
did n't even know _num_ drinks we asked for so i ordered a beer .
overall really good quality food and service .
ick .
the meat was see thru , fatty and slimy .
tastes bland and a bit stale as if it was sitting around for awhile .
he should have easily taken the $ _num_ off from our $ _num_ bill !
the fries were soggy and the fish was bland and soggy .
the noodles were soggy , and my boyfriend said that his tasted reheated .
the cold nights with no heater were no fun .
salad was the beet salad - not bad but heavy handed with the dressing .
now they fit me perfectly , and i could n't be happier !
i ate about 1/4 of the plate and could n't do it anymore .
great meal overall !
all our food was very fresh ... oysters , shrimp cocktail and ceviche .
love the french toast !
those folks were more polite , i felt this inconsiderate to their experience .
always great food !
by the way , their work is excellent .
it was nasty to see .
this place is n't even worth the _num_ star .
this place was a splurge and a wonderful experience for us .
i always have a blast when i go there .
the omelette was perfect .
great pharmacy !
great for groups or date night .
shame on you pong pong .
our waiter rarely checked on us .
the shrimp chimi is also fantastic .
and they were n't even that busy .
for a neighborhood bar the food is good .
very sloppy .
thank you zizzo !
there is a drive through that takes too long .
no outside beverages allowed . ''
you 'd be better off buying a box of fish sticks .
mind you , there are only about _num_ `` free '' parking spaces .
owner is nice too - if it 's the same guy .
my friends and i come to scottsdale for a girls spa weekend every year .
i 'll tell you why .
the car i got was not washed .
i think that 's really high .
very honest , affordable and friendly .
he is very pleasant , caring and knowledgable .
you can also get pasta , panini , etc .
i have _num_ words for this place ... honesty , integrity and thorough .
i will not go back again .
3rd favorite out of all the various restaurants we have been to across country .
best in town !
although the perfect apt doesnt exist , i would recommend looking elsewhere .
i just got a take out from here , the beef kabob .
but let this story begin at noon today .
great service all around .
i left without ordering anything .
i have never had such a horrible time with an apartment complex .
a business that treats a potential customer like that wo n't get my business .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .
we 'll be back in march with a lot of beer fans .
very very nice spot great food .
she loved hers too .
stunning staff and food !
the chowder and the raw clams & oysters are decent as well .
just make sure you plan to cook / eat everything soon .
we love it !
only one other table was in there waiting for their food .
more like a big corporate machine that does n't care about their customers !
the people that work there are super friendly and handle our pets with care .
the food is delicious , but the atmosphere leaves something to be desired .
this was the first time here and it was more than worth it .
the work was messy !
it is terrible and i do not recommend this gym .
ok , so they decided to extend their hours , but you know what ?
i also really like their zucchini appetizer .
everyone i talked with was sooo polite and nice .
i have n't had service this bad in awhile .
both were great .
the room smells bad .
they try to please the customer and make you want to come back .
but when it comes to customer service it really lacks .
the meat was tender , the beans perfectly seasoned .
she is awesome and definitely there to find you exactly what you need .
arizona heat !
pretty nice on the inside .
she also does great hair extensions !
this was seriously was a waste of money and scary experience for me .
clean , nicely furnished , good breakfast , and great service .
staff walk by ignoring you at the mobile pick up area .
the menu was so dang dirty i did n't want to touch it !
no fried food , no ranch , no business being a bar .
the pizzas were fantastic .
but a stroll around the hotel gardens after dinner was quite nice .
the stetson chopped salad is as good as a salad gets .
friendly staff , serene surroundings , lovely and clean facilities .
the food is mediocre and the town is boring and expensive .
go and enjoy !
i will definitely come back again .
i ordered the pesto gnocchi -- delicious !
now i feel if i crave a burger i need to do some searching !
the food is good .
wonderful experience .
i love this place for both food and atmosphere .
shop here and see for yourself !
i liked the festival .
i do n't know many people who could now a days .
totally worth it .
what an awesome experience .
she stated the price was $ _num_ .
love this place .
priceline listed this as a _num_ star resort in scottsdale .
overall , very pleasant dining experience .
thank you !
i was just trying to find a primary care physician in my area .
granted it was a saturday night .
used yelp to find this joint and , wow , what a fantastic meal .
fun intimate environment and delicious food !
i have _num_ emails , _num_ call and we are all set .
his assistant quoted me $ _num_ while on the phone with them .
so totally not worth it .
i am not sure what happened to this place .
their sweet and sour soup was dark , watery and tasted awful .
he is obviously dedicated to his patients and it shows .
everything else was great .
otherwise , items are hit and miss .
so i decided to visit this shit hole of a place aka the hospital .
the taste was not that of a rib-eye .
our waitress also never checked on us once after our meals were served .
thin and tasty fresh crust .
their sonoran meatloaf is amazing .
great big margaritas .
that is my neighborhood .
first of all our waiter was terrible and the food was so so .
very disappointing and happens almost all the time .
our bartender scott was also super attentive and friendly .
i would not eat here again .
lastly , we asked the owner of the restaurant he was the worst .
i ordered the beef with broccoli and _num_ egg rolls .
this place is cheap and it 's obvious why when you get there .
it 's cheap and quick and similar to most fast food mexican joints .
the customer service was not .
we thought because it was just 11:30 we would try it .
everytime i go , the staff is very accomodating and super friendly .
old , dirty , smelly bar with poor poor customer service !
love the breakfast burritos !
this messed up my schedule and needed them to complete the job before friday .
packed house last night but still great !
my halibut was the best i ever had .
the food is incredible .
this place is more like a sports bar than anything .
good , quick and fairly priced .
this is an amazing church !
the service was very good .
are you kidding me ?
beautiful stadium .
it smells so good in here !
aaa is worthless .
thought we were in tempe not south phoenix ... its really sad too .
so clearly you lie to get seating here .
disappointment just begins to describe my experience .
man o boy is it good !
the fish and steak were both perfectly cooked .
he originally wanted a shredded beef burrito , sans beans .
h & r block located at _num_ n scottsdale rd .
he does n't care .
first , i walk in and say `` i have an appointment . ''
we had a great time at the spa , and lying by the pool .
my best advice is to call in advance and see what 's going on .
none of the other stylists said anything ... do i walked out .
not at all what we expected .
two thumbs up .
the show was incredible , fun .
so i am taking my business elsewhere .
i recommend checking this place out .
i could not even get a return call from the owner .
i also had the lamb which was very good .
great service .
yeah , you can .
in the end , all the better i figure .
worst chinese food i ever had .
much better pizza out there folks !
food is delicious .
a nice place to enjoy a relaxing meal .
he 's amazing and such a nice guy .
i got a large _num_ topping hand tossed pizza .
that gyro was damn pitiful and for that this place gets _num_ stars .
_num_ ) it 's outrageously expensive to do anything there .
both are very good at what they do !
wonderful museum and a beautiful collection on contemporary art .
horrible customer service .
its one of the best we have had anywhere in the world .
worth every penny !
this one is going into the rotation for sure !
the wine & beer lists are really good too .
so sad .
very good overall .
_num_ stars go to food .
why would something be wrong with my car all of a sudden ?
i called right away and was able to get an appointment very easily .
love the full service gas station next door too .
the meat was very , very dry and had no seasoning .
the pizza was smaller than most large sized pizzas .
had a great breakfast in beautiful scottsdale !
in other words , he educated me .
very friendly staff and doctors .
enjoyed coming to this store .
but overall a great experience .
filling , somewhat greasy and cheap !
the pasta : delicious .
the floor was not vacuumed .
literally no flavor .
do n't you think they should have someone ordering enough food ?
the mashed potatoes were excellent and the asparagus was n't too bad either .
very clean on the inside and out .
i wish i could give it minus _num_ stars .
the food , hookah , and service were all great !
i then brought _num_ shirts back to show him the holes .
never once did anyone apologize for being late .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .
we had a great dinner !
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !
pleasantly surprised !
my last time here was an absolute disaster .
top quality ingredients !
that was disappointing , but maybe we got there too early .
very dry , tough ... just gross .
we had our car windows tinted there this morning .
very convenient , fast , and efficient to-go service .
definitely going to frequent this place more often .
just a good , old fashion eatery .
on the clothing now that i do n't even go into look .
the soft tortilla fish tacos are usually pretty good but again cold .
everyone is friendly and you can tell that they enjoy working there .
worth the wait if there is one !
by far the best thai food in town !
defalco 's is one of my favorite lunch spots .
cool decor and wonderful food .
awesome customer service !
try getting an oil change for less than $ _num_ .
order garlic parm breadsticks and get dry breadsticks .
recommend .
very disappointing .
staff is so so friendly .
this one was room temperature and was perfect .
but i 'm not willing to come back after this experience .
great waitress , and supporting staff as well .
they def got this right !
delivery is always very fast as well !
phenomenal service by sarah , she is a class act among servers !
i love the food !
best combination of sweet and cold .
horrible !
my last trip here was the worst by far .
not a huge helping , one of those small condiment to go containers .
i am thinking its time for mr personality to get another job .
we always make sure we have joe 's when we travel to scottsdale .
definitely happy that we did .
it was sloppy overall .
our lease is almost up & i could n't be happier !
weird , but whatever .
they did a great job and have excellent customer service .
it 's good to feel the experience of being a value guest .
great lunch specials and the sandwiches are great to .
they seem to be everywhere , even indoors .
i really hesitate to say anything about pizza .
we tried rush street and loved it .
a dive bar with many different things to do !
for a signature dish , it was just okay .
great all the way around no matter your combination of toppings .
terrible service , terrible prices , mediocre food , what a ripoff !
check it out .
good beer selection , half price gourmet pizza and a comfortable atmosphere !
top quality people , products and workmanship .
i highly recommend them .
the aggravation of dealing with their service folks is reason enough to shop elsewhere .
the chicken tasted more like the grill than the meat itself .
my aunt and i love this place !
_num_ ) finish it .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !
give it a try !
excellent food .
very friendly and efficient service .
if you others did n't like it , it 's greatly improved .
she was not meticulous in getting polish on the entire nail .
she does a spectacular job at fake nails with gels .
i love kona 's happy hour !
will visit again .
the staff was very caring and helpful even at 3am .
it was wonderful .
awesome happy hour .
this is easily some of the best thai food in the phoenix valley .
both of times i 've been pleasantly surprised .
thank you you guys for all that you have done .
i really do appreciate that .
a lovely dining experience .
thank you logan the server we had was also outstanding tonight !
it was actually pretty bad .
wonderful staff .
fair price , professional , on time , and great workmanship .
the staff and player assistance were great and friendly .
this place is great .
and they were stingy with the spaghetti too .
the service was bad .
she does n't tell you your total .
they are always friendly and helpful !
i love this place .
the queso and green chili pork are great appetizers .
all of the items were quite bland .
tom ka gai soup was absolutely fantastic !
it was runny , thin , flat and no chocolate chips or anything .
maybe they were having a bad night ?
great price and located just south of thomas off miller .
great rice , hummus was very good and great bread .
the staff is extremely friendly & hard working .
it 's a type of tzatziki sauce , but it tastes different .
great service and great staff .
good times on the water .
_num_ minutes later got an email that my order is ready .
i 'll definitely be back .
i also love all their cookies and baked goods .
the food is quite honestly , meh .
the steak and prime rib was dry and the sides were not good .
one of my favorite places to go for a great meal .
getting it washed every two weeks or so feels normal out here .
i love to eat .
there are far too many better mexican restaurants in the area .
the service is quick and professional .
it 's one of my favorites hands down !
the fish was tender and flavorful .
if i had a chance , i would of gone elsewhere .
i am so happy i found this shop .
wow !
glad we found it while on our vacation .
five stars for quality .
my dad ordered the roasted chicken and thought it was very juicy and tender .
the decor was outdated .
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .
horrible customer service .
this is a must-see place !
the waitress was attentive and pleasant .
most awful service ever .
the food was a major disappointment .
fun !
very little pretentious , just friendly and helpful staff .
i loved my breakfast and the coffee was the best .
the owner and workers are fabulous and fun .
the food was upscale home cooking with a unique take on each plate .
the ahi was excellent .
the owner is awesome !
so good , love coming here !
found this place on yelp on our way home from canyon lake .
nice to have couch sitting area when in the room .
chilaquiles very good !
they also had a band playing , which was very nice .
kyle even helped accommodate my son 's special requests .
they repaired it again absolutely free under warranty .
although the treatments are a little expensive , it is certainly worth it .
$ _num_ with tip and one beer .
lindsay is my regular barber .
i got it here .
both are very delicious !
the place is truly one place you should visit !
i actually had a really good breakfast here .
call around , there are reputable providers out there .
the parking is awful .
wood fired pizza and it 's very tasty .
what is supposed an exciting and fun time has become an utter nightmare .
this place has the best greek food .
waited almost _num_ minutes to initially get waited on at our table outside .
wonderful , wonderful on all aspects !
oddly , this german restaurant opened next to bavarian point .
this place is awesome .
the coffee was good .
the pasta my daughter had was very oily .
thanks leah , you are awesome !
the chicken was also fail .
we were very thankful for her honesty and recommendation .
i just decided to leave .
all was good and i plan on going back .
i ordered the carnitas and it was the best i have ever had .
however my coworkers ordered the ice cream and were very impressed .
she seems genuinely interested , too .
terrible terrible selection !
very arrogant attitude and i learned my lesson the hard way .
excellent service !
i just moved to scottsdale from california .
not anymore .
good for kids too .
well , obviously you get what you pay for .
cute decor and the owners are friendly and personable .
also mentioning he gets a $ _num_ tip for letting people sit there .
the room was nice and clean , the breakfast buffet was pretty decent .
so much cheaper than the grocery !
i have found their dental work to be superb and their staff fantastic .
friendly staff and comfortable setting .
very big , good selection , and clean .
so disappointing , at least it was cheap .
the amount of money they were asking was unreasonable .
killer omelets and outstanding fluffy , never greasy , hash browns .
the steaks are simply perfection .
the sink area was clean .
just got home from dinner .
we both enjoyed filet and they were as expected , perfectly prepared .
however , the food ... .
very comfortable yummy restaurant .
this place is edgy and fun .
and they do n't even get that right .
friendly staff .
good prices .
service is quick , salsa is fresh , and amounts are huge .
the mashed potatoes tasted like it came from a box .
we could have saved a whole lot of money and picked other seats .
i found the staff here to be very friendly .
chopped salad rocks , mushroom dish rocks .
this is a great place to go by yourself or with a few friends .
the second she was done with the top coat she walked off .
great cut and friendly people .
never again will i go back .
my kids and i love to go to bahama bucks !
loved their food , very tasty and filling .
i did n't want to fight with her and said forget it .
i highly recommend this place .
our room was very big and clean .
i was drunk when i ate here .
buffalo chicken dip is fantastic .
try the crumb donut , its the best !
seems like whatever was left in the kitchen over the weekend turns into brunch .
all of the other guys were great too .
i recommend to book an appointment .
food and service ( lunch and dinner ) are always good .
outdoor seating area looked pleasant and popular too .
we enjoyed our meal at cowboy ciao .
the food 's presentation , temperature , freshness and of course taste is fantastic .
the prices are sometimes a little high , but he quality is consistently excellent .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .
great breakfast .
i just do n't get why people think it 's sooo good .
they are amazing seriously !
hello , it 's all women who were not even paying attention to her .
in a word , pathetic .
i got home to find _num_ bowls of pea and barley soup .
great ambience .
food was wonderful !
do n't think they even noticed to be honest .
one order was undercooked , the other overcooked .
ridiculous .
she recommended crispy basil chicken .
the drinks & food were good .
he had been here many times and was actually super comfortable .
the owners are extremely friendly and i love their doughnuts .
i had to pick one star but it does n't even earn one .
but i loved it , loved it and my so loved it too .
the food , for the most part disgusting and expensive .
place is clean , machines work and the price is fair .
helen is amazing .
the potato , bacon and egg burritos are amazing !
i love this place !
i arrived and was greeted by the owner juan .
the service was fast and awesome .
i would seriously give zero if there 's `` zero star '' this option .
the fantastic staff made the suggestion , wife accepted the idea .
this is a great place to go to in the winter and spring .
the service here was also impressive .
our bruschetta appetizers were disappointing as well , we ordered all three .
many of the items had just rice with charred vegetables without any spice .
however , customer service was awful .
great new technology and you never feel rushed .
the bartender is knowledgeable and friendly .
first visit _num_ stars , second visit _num_ stars unfortunately .
their pulled pork sandwiches are delicious , as are the sides .
at 12:30 on a monday , it was virtually empty .
each and every single bite provides a perfect combination of flavors !
his omelet was so-so , and my oatmeal was watery and possibly instant .
way better than oreganos , and super fast service .
it 's amazing !
so bizarre .
it was a great atmosphere and the staff members were extremely nice and personable .
needless to say , we will never return to this place .
very fair and honest !
excellent cocktails .
what a gem !
dr. mason is the best !
you order at the counter and the food is delivered to you table .
it was the most delicious , thick cut bacon i 've had .
definitely recommend !
finally , i get to the room and the freaking toilet does n't flush .
i ate outside the box and did not get the wings !
i will be back there , and a lot !
overall , i recommend the pizza and the service was excellent .
employees are loud and obnoxious .
good stuff .
hopefully everyone enjoys an easy , quick , yummy spot like me !
the place is orderly , clean and the staff was very friendly .
yeah , but i ca n't say that .
their delivery times are spot on .
best place in phoenix for equipment .
great place to go for dancing and music .
great carts with gps , and really good prices and deals available online .
it 's ridiculous they are booked out _num_ hours !
i will definitely recommend to family and friends .
the food is always very good , and freshly made .
thanks coach !
will definitely be back .
the drinks are good ( mojitos !
i will never understand the meat envy vegans and vegetarians have .
i left hungry after ordering _num_ courses and sending the main entre back .
the food was completely unimpressive , and bland .
i wanted to like you , sushi _num_ .
best hang out ever !
caused me to call and shop at target instead .
it was a solid waste of _num_ $ .
its off the beaten path but worth the stop !
not personal at all .
clean place , nice staff and extremely good food .
the pool is beautiful .
my boyfriend loved his steak and for the money you get two large sides .
make an appointment today !
thank you jeff ... so glad you are in such a great spot .
it 's loud and annoying .
great staff , and i 'm super lucky to have found them .
we always get an appetizer and sometimes a dessert .
last night i gave my first low tip in over five years .
people , stick with total wine .
not anymore .
they have delicious margaritas and the big ass hamburger is second to none .
i added jalapeos for an extra bam !
waitress was pleasant and helpful .
i would not recommend this business as i feel they are very dishonest .
i guess in this economy pong pong can afford to lose customers .
horrible !
we have received excellent care every visit !
we have requested this before and have been very pleased .
minus one star because bugs are gross but i 'm still a reasonable person .
we highly recommend this gym .
great wings .
good old fashioned german home cooking , just like at home .
several minutes later another tech came to the window .
the best food , everything is fresh and the breakfast is amazing .
good vibe and great environment .
this is the best pizza in the state !
our wedding day went off without a hitch !
i love my new apartment !
there were _num_ large tables that were getting ready to leave .
so charismatic , efficient , and attentive .
you would n't want to sit on them .
it 's also fun to see folks ride up on their horses .
i really enjoyed this place !
disgusting !
service is great but hard to find .
the chips and salsa were pretty good .
i 've been here twice and both times were extremely tasty .
i was very pleased with the customer service we received .
the customer service continues to be lacking with poor follow through .
the blooming onion was delicious and we had the double hamburger .
the truffles are magnificent !
i 'd give them _num_ stars if it was an option .
try : sushi creek : if you do n't mind a drive .
this place has stood the test of time !
i hate this mcdonald 's .
grimaldi 's really makes you feel like you 're somewhere other than old town .
this is one of my favorite breakfast places .
managers paul and david are both extremely helpful and involved in every job .
i really liked their customer service .
thanks for the great service and wine .
he is an amazing therapist and takes his time to listen to my needs .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .
but by far the best thing this place has to offer is the food .
felt like i was walking into a cave .
only a _num_ because of the great atmosphere .
he is a great dentist !
red white and brew is my favorite go local spot in mesa , az .
i always stop in for dinner when i 'm in scottsdale !
ive tried complaining to management but they totally do not care .
a good place to meet every so often plus good food .
everything was great !
and by the looks of things , this place is a crowd pleaser !
a truly first class golf course and must play when in scottsdale .
my family and i have been taking our cars here for years .
staff here are friendly and helpful each time i have been .
had a great time .
the place was boring and runs well with the rest of az .
terrible , bland food .
a local favorite since the _num_ 's .
the old nickel and dime routine was too much for me .
i now see that this slow service runs through all the yelp reviews .
this is a really small place and scott was taking care of everything .
highly recommended .
good night .
so good !
i would not recommend going to this bridal salon .
price was fair by local standards .
bottom line : wo n't be coming here again .
i thought it was quite nice .
i am all for supporting local businesses , but they need to deserve it .
the door men and bartenders have always been friendly to us .
it is a must in old town !
i love their granola and their nine grain bread !
obviously , they truly want you to enjoy your evening .
so sad !
very professional !
we stopped eating there because their service is awful !
the salsa was all tomato water and no substance .
most overpriced sushi i 've had .
my daughter loved her fried shrimp and sweet and sour chicken .
i ca n't eat green pepper so i asked for the potatoes without them .
halloween is over and wont be happening for awhile .
wing wednesday is amazing !
$ _num_ for a glass of cranberry juice .
great salon !
thank you for the great experience lenny !
everything is very fresh , high quality and prepared to order .
every time i go there , me and my family have a wonderful experience .
what amazing service .
but a big disappointment with the bagels .
still waiting on getting my money back .
there are just two nail technicians out here .
i love bread basket !
plus i still did n't get my refill .
horrible , horrible , horrible service !
thanks so much !
awesome decor , great service , hidden gem in scottsdale .
meal tickets were getting lost , it was mass mass chaos .
i mean , my god .
as soon as the weather is a bit better , the patio is great .
i could n't even bring myself to try it .
they are the epitome of true customer service .
the kiddo really enjoyed watching the planes , too .
we added the table hot salsa and it was even more terrific and spicy .
i definitely recommend paradise valley florist !
great food .
easter morning was great at via church .
he jumped back like he never saw a dog bark before .
hats off to them and thanks for the great service .
really good prime rib .
beer was n't very cold .
fancy ... better get a hot date .
the bread pudding was amazing .
( so that 's like a gift to me ... .
they claim excuse after excuse , not to fix there cheap quality lenses !
this place is pretty awesome .
we go here alot , close to home , good food , great service .
i had a really good experience the other night at pep boys .
that 's not what happened .
ct has a great bar , great food , and friendly service .
the bread was very flavorful and satisfying and the sweet potato ravioli was magnificent .
service was awesome !
i would recommend !
we always enjoy this venue and the delicious fare !
for the owner to be so blatantly rude is inexcusable !
i and _num_ coworkers went yesterday for lunch .
i love how small and intimate the establishment is .
i did not want a nasty rubbery ring tomato soup .
i 've always had great service here too .
very spicy .
this place needs a bar rescue in the worst way .
amazing food , excellent service and a beautiful atmosphere .
she refilled our water constantly and gave us just the right amount of attention .
she would n't even look at me and quickly left .
wonderful employees !
terrible customer service and will not be returning .
always fresh .
as usual , good pizza , good wine , good service .
you will score points here !
could not wait for them to try to get it right .
this is the best customer experience i have ever had !
i recommend scottsdale smile center to anyone looking for a dentist .
we will not return .
waitress was nice and stopped by a couple times .
however , we managed , and ate .
dined in since the new owners and what an improvement !
this place is great for lunch .
we left after pointing out this was not showing customer appreciation .
well done my friends .
i love rays pizza !
i went in for a fill with gel polish on tuesday .
the pear martini was also delicious .
stayed there this pass memorial day weekend and was the worst time ever .
great happy hour food menu !
very nice wait staff , just slow .
very good ingredients .
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .
great service , efficiency , and all round a great experience .
she was very professional and courteous .
the mechanic is very polite & gives specific details .
i finished off the meal with sopapillas that were really tasty .
i highly recommend grazie for the best italian food in town .
but it looked nothing like the flower on my fingers .
very cosy and comfortable atmosphere .
great prices , fast service .
its basic meat and potatoes fare but everything is done right .
we loved it !
the mini chimis are wonderful with the cream cheese jalapeno dip .
too expensive , too loud , and very outdated .
tonight was a disappointing dinner : - ( .
there are no bikes !
the menu offers an item for everyone , including those hungry for lunch .
how long was the meat sitting ?
the prices are insanely reasonable given the high quality .
the adult arnold palmer is delicious , both the standard and peach version .
the wait to get in the room was over _num_ minutes .
no redeeming value for anything on the plate .
i felt sick to my stomach for the next _num_ days .
always fresh and have never had any problems .
it 's not too much to ask !
very attentive and our food came out in under _num_ minutes of ordering !
this place is kind of a great find , good service , great food .
will repeat !
loved my meal here !
instead of trying to get me in and take care of me .
gina made the scheduling , billing and insurance very easy .
avoid .
super quick measurements .
the tortilla was fresh and hot , killer .
there are so many different places in scottsdale that are better .
doing a happy dance now .
i dont understand why there were so many other patrons here on that day .
very laid back .
yes , i was told the same thing as the reviewer below .
what i ordered was very forgettable .
that place is simply perfect !
nice atmosphere .
everything i 've ever eaten here has been delicious and the service is great !
the first time i came was _num_ years ago and it 's completely changed .
great haircut , the best i 've had in years .
it 's authentic .
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .
loved them ( doctors nurses and office staff ) .
the chicken was dry and cold and the ribs were overcooked .
overall i will not be back and was n't impressed at all .
but besides that , i am very pleased !
the decor is romantic , i would say it 's a good date spot .
she really cares about her patients in a genuine way .
really good flavor !
this location tends to have problems with the food .
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .
the people that take your money at the front are downright rude .
this place is disgusting .
bagels are good but service is terrible .
great place to take a date or a special occasion .
i would recommend this vet to anyone with a kitty !
customer service was great there .
price , including tip came to $ _num_ for four .
aside from be super dirty and expensive the staff is rude .
they really show how much they care !
do not purchase the beef and zucchini or shrimp panang .
wait take that back .
great restaurant .
we also ordered a glass of pinot noir to compliment the escargot .
a good local restaurant/bar with nice service and tasty food options .
mother in law got what looked like a giant hamburger patty .
very , very bland .
unfortunately , he did not enjoy his dinner whatsoever .
great food , pleasant conversation and very reasonable .
there was no texture to the food and everything had the same taste .
in and out service is highly welcomed !
reasonable as well !
very tasty .
a lot of places offer them , some good , some real bad .
two times in a row , my order has been completely wrong .
_num_ stars - that 's it .
when the weather is nice they bring things outdoors into their large parking lot .
a lot better than starbucks ... love the hazelnut iced blended drink .
i 've ordered from paradise valley florist in the past and was extremely happy .
fantastic food .
will be going to another car wash .
the flank steak is my favorite .
two months later i received a missed appt bill of _num_ .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .
definitely a hidden gem of scottsdale .
will definitely come back .
it was not .
the food portions are huge , and delicious !
great prices , great selection .
if you are designer savvy , you know that 's practically stealing !
food was wonderful and delicious .
however , customer service was not so good .
beers & wells are very reasonable .
said they would have it out and ready to look at .
stephanie is amazing !
the selection was large with a good focus on local stuff .
i 'm tired of the bait and switch .
nice people .
and that was the only redeeming quality of the place .
my sisters and brother are big fans of this place .
i love , love , love this place !
its consistent - good food , service and atmosphere .
stay away unless you are a local who eats here all the time .
everything was great .
great pizza , wings and salad !
i love the food they have !
prices are great , food is authentic greek !
it was a lot of fun they had good pizza .
great place , will return .
my husband offered to pay for an extra meal , but we were refused .
no refund .
very disappointed .
this to me is not the way to run a business .
if that 's your thing , then go for it .
waiter returned shortly to inform us they were out of ice tea ?
wonderful !
later that afternoon her fever reached _num_ !
the man took _num_ minutes to help me .
the theater is comfortable and has a good acoustic for sound .
fun hidden neighborhood bar with good food and relaxed atmosphere .
its not amazing , but strangely addictive .
she does everything by hand and they are perfect every time .
it 's good for you health wise and body and mind wise .
that 's nearly unacceptable in this day and age . )
had to flag a busboy down with a water pitcher just to get that .
it was all very festive for the holidays which added extra appeal .
it was saturday 1:30 pm .
it was so bad i would n't ever go back to find out .
i was hard pressed to pay full price for three tortillas on my fajitas .
jennifer knows skin !
the spices were bland .
otherwise , the food is good and friendly customer service .
must be an awful place to work .
beautiful grounds and facility .
great for people watching , but unfortunately their pizza is pretty weak .
the egg rolls were not impressive at all .
pizza , and deserts are great .
happy hunting .
no stars !
nice gesture but the bread was greasy and flavorless .
the fried polenta was ok , but a bit dry .
huge fan !
if you can eat outside , do it !
the crust is cooked to perfection and all the toppings are great too !
will definitely be back again soon !
they explain how to put on the product and what makes the product special .
everyone had a wonderful evening that will not soon be forgotten .
excellent food .
would not recommend this place to my worst enemy .
looking old and tired .
they brought my little pup a water bowl while we enjoyed our meal .
small shop , but carl is a rare find .
owners are so sweet .
the food is good , fast , and affordable !
the service either ends up great , or crap .
the lady on the phone was so rude she even hang up the phone .
steak and seafood were both of very high quality .
the sauce they added was all that saved my lunch .
no more .
our night was ruined and we made sure to leave asap .
something you could grab at the local gas station for _num_ .
my waiter was friendly enough but the food was just ok .
amazing food .
loved the atmosphere , friendly staff and my iced chai .
new resident to az , called in with a few questions .
would recommend visiting this place just to tour their lush grounds and relax .
i want to refill my bottle !
i love orange table .
the food is beautiful !
meatball sub was perfect as was my dad 's italian sandwich .
will definitely come back .
so glad we found you and best of luck to your wonderful small business !
they are not trustworthy and will steal from you as they did me .
fun times !
the letter d crisp and green chili burrito are my top choices !
terrible design .
defiantly worth the price .
i will not stay here again .
it is just a nightmare .
so far this is an interesting experience .
have excellent service .
service was good .
consistently good service , done quickly , and always super affordable .
it was definitely spicy which i really liked .
very warm and friendly staff .
highly recommended .
steve is just so honest and laid back .
their hummus with veggies is a very good portion for _num_ as well .
he pours great drinks and seems like he actually cares about his patrons .
this is my favorite antique store ever .
attended a going away party on the patio .
they were wet and limp with no flavor at all .
good service and deliver as we 'll keep ordering even my kids love it .
they have great , innovative dishes , using fresh , local ingredients .
love this place !
great grub .
i would rather have the pants and go elsewhere .
we also had the chow mein , which was very good !
_num_ % or more less at phoenix wine .
very unfortunate for my first pregnancy .
i walked into the store , nobody greeted me at all .
do yourself a favor ... check this place out !
it is quite expensive too for what you get .
always good !
one big plus for me : a gluten-free menu .
the view of paradise valley is awesome .
the service was excellent and the food was great .
the owners are very friendly and welcoming .
fantastic live music .
the people here are just bad .
the teachers at first impressions made us all feel like part of the family .
we still are talking about all the fun we had there .
i would have called the police but i was visiting my very ill brother .
i have gone to this place for many years and i always leave satisfied .
do n't waste the trip .
try it , you 'll like it !
super fresh fruit for super low prices !
this place gets five stars for the quality of their food .
i will play here again , due to miss communication arrangement .
obviously you would expect a little exaggeration , but that is misleading _num_ % .
you 're one of the best in the business for sure .
i love this place and will go there at least once a month !
the staff is disrespectful and unprofessional .
he has _num_ employees who are so nice and personable .
avoid at all costs .
i love going here .
i do not like the size of the dance floor .
_num_ pm local and not busy .
so it 's been awhile since my last visit here .
i wo n't waste my time trying again .
the burger was small and very thin .
when i went to the restroom , i noticed that it was quite filthy .
dh had the pork chops and they were great too !
i consider myself to be a sandwich snob .
the place was clean , seats were comfortable , drinks were reasonably priced .
so , we ending up spending $ _num_ !
have fun !
tortillas are freshly made and taste amazing .
the kind of good that makes you want to lick the bowl .
thanks for making this new cigar lovers experience really worthwhile .
horrible service .
the food was phenomenal .
customer service is not that hard .
grimaldi 's does pizza and does it terrific .
food was great !
this time i knew better !
_num_ tee boxes , range is always included .
not sure where the _num_ stars came from .
this is a simple but great restaurant and bar .
wow , was this one a disappointment !
prices are a bit high though .
authentic italian food .
it was our first visit and i was really impressed .
great deal and a great atmosphere !
best grilled fish sandwich i have ever had , very large piece of fish .
perfect stay .
i 'm not kidding .
even for family style plates , i think it 's slightly overpriced .
the hostess was no where to be found .
i did midnight bowling and it was a lot of fun with good music .
i have to agree with everything chad f said .
great whiskey list too .
i dont think i will return to sushi _num_ !
overall not impressed .
i hated that place .
great food , wonderful service .
highly recommended !
the place just get 's worse and worse .
great for corporate lunches , or a fun date , or girls night !
and they were n't good , on top of that .
i love trader joe 's !
thursday 's and saturday 's are great nights to visit .
i still have a t shirt from _num_ which is in very good condition .
sometimes you just need a good ol ' sandwich .
i was in scottsdale for work and was craving something from the southwest .
loved this place so much .
and of course , amazing hair !
his nurse also made a lasting first impression .
really feel welcomed here .
heidi answers and says ok we will cancel the order for the wings .
great people-watching spot right in old town , and the place had cute character .
the staff is incredibly helpful and eager to please .
sometimes customer service goes a long way and this place has none .
however , from the start our server was extremely rude .
i really love cheese and they miss the mark .
really nice patio with attentive service .
the view was also nice .
a little more expensive , but the patio is such a beautiful eve spot .
with only one person in line ahead of us found this to be ridiculous .
there are _num_ or _num_ salads and that 's about it .
very , very good italian !
we had a ceremony only but it was so great !
amazing service !
u of a was much better for me personally .
taco 's were amazing !
totally worth the drive to east mesa for some rolls .
the hype is not real .
lots to see and eat .
the food was not that great , and over priced !
they have a great wines by the glass list !
enjoy !
its a little hard to find but so worth it .
the price for the quality is good .
i love the rolls !
sometimes the rice is hot , sometimes it 's cold .
a fun outing in the spring near gold canyon arizona .
i also had to go to the bar to get my silverware .
kids ( and adults ) will love all the attractions .
i would give this review a negative star if it was an option .
the green chile pork appetizer is exceptional .
also loud , fun , hip atmosphere .
honey garlic ii is the best !
i would recommend this to anyone in the area !
such cute clothes , shoes , and purses .
i did n't know pizza could taste this bad .
was hoping to have a local sushi place i could count on .
highly recommend .
they refunded us for our meal but we will not be back .
the chips were stale .
could he not get through the security gate ?
he and his staff are top notch and have been for a long time .
they did not seem to care one bit that they were losing a customer .
awesome flavor , friendly staff .
thank you for all the care through the years and in the end .
the space is huge now and so warm and inviting .
well , this place did n't disappoint !
they get creative with there rolls and specials .
the hostesses were beyond rude .
the school has decades of great reputation for a reason .
if owner is angry , she shows it when doing your nails .
this is my favorite restaurant in chandler .
i was charged $ _num_ for those _num_ minutes .
family owned , perfectly baked authentic chicago style pizza .
it was an overall unpleasant experience in the one year i lived here .
$ _num_ corkage fee from their retail prices wines is so nice !
great price , great service .
service was good and i would definitely return here .
after reading some reviews i thought i would give it a chance .
same good food , new location .
so i purchased all _num_ treatments at that time for $ _num_ .
not impressed .
when i said no , they booked an appointment for a quote .
the bar is outside ( which i loved ) and the food is indoors .
excellent .
great food and an old time atmosphere .
the offices are convenient and very clean and comfortable .
service was ok , but nothing to get excited over .
love the fact that i can order honey hot naked .
they also have generous return policy on merchandise .
the food is great and always consistent .
so one day , i convinced her to stop in and try it .
one of my favorite restaurants in the valley !
as soon as you walk in you see a great atmosphere !
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .
nice nail technicians .
their chicken curry is one of the best in town !
the 2nd rule is never talk about the breakfast club .
typically super friendly service .
abby is the best in the business !
stupid policy !
we all had a great time !
i 'm sure people who have money to burn say they 're great .
office staff is friendly and the neighbors are great .
but for $ _num_ they could tear the transmission apart and let me know .
so embarrassed and disgusted .
atmosphere is fancy yet comfortable .
i would not go here for classes , though .
everyone here is so happy .
the quality is amazing .
this is my go to for a great steak and easy going feel .
this place is amazing .
i had to take the towel to wipe down my own car .
wow !
the food was made with fresh ingredients , not greasy , and delicious !
overall , a great place to go for your regular mani/pedi 's .
the manager was too young looking to me .
the breading on the clams was a little better , but still flavorless .
it 's especially nice on evenings outside on the patio .
very disappointed .
but hey , if it works , keep doing it !
so i replied with , why ?
it 's a very very small place you ca n't .
the food was good , too .
i was served _num_ tiny pieces of fish .
i will definitely be going back for all my beauty needs !
my boyfriend introduced me to here after moving to scottsdale .
i never had a place burn my eggs before .
an old-fashioned ice cream place in the heart of old town scottsdale ?
prices are good too .
i really hate to give restaurant a less then favorable review .
overall , it was a very disappointing dining experience .
never order the _num_ install .
there was some sort of greasy slimy build up on all the tables .
i always feel like a queen when i shop here .
unbelievable .
chips tasted stale and like old oil , salsa was ok .
i was very unhappy not sure i 'll go there again .
very disappointing .
friendly as all can be and very informative .
this is the perfect date night .
my husband loves the cole slaw here .
good ny style pizza - not great - and the staff is always friendly .
all of the techs and vets were very nice too .
best chinese food ever .
loved everything about this place .
love this place .
great place , food , salads and everything is wonderful .
they welcome you like family .
great food , huge portions .
well i can say i 've finally been there now .
the food is authentic and service is superb .
he got up walked out of the room .
peace out !
this place was an insult to italian cooking in general , let alone sicilian .
not good .
kazimierz is a hidden gem in old town .
i 'm still trying to wrap my brain around what happened yesterday .
when i checked out i said i would like to price match the item .
ok i had to go back and remove a star .
she over charge my meal not once , not twice , but three times .
however , last night we left so disappointed in our meals and the service .
great wine menu .
i did not recognize more than _num_ face ( a younger guy server ) .
i like it !
mahi mahi tacos smelly and not fresh .
most important , they were so kind and took wonderful care of her .
it was delicious !
dan dan noodles had no taste .
terrible service !
they were too perfect .
have been a patient for about _num_ years ; since moving to arizona .
the parking sucks , too .
just bad .
their selection of beer and wine is very good .
also the finance guys were great !
i was not upset about this fact .
nothing fancy here , just solid food .
great time today with friends for breakfast at the orange table .
the burrito alone was over priced and it was quite small .
it was ok , but nothing special .
it has some good food and great service .
our waitress was engaging and attentive .
we will definitely return for more .
i would fire management at this ra .
the cheese was melted just perfectly .
the cesar salad dressing in very good .
i ca n't believe this last of quality was delivered at fashion square .
i do love their breakfast sandwiches and coffee !
great service .
the food is fantastic , the service is superb and the setting is spectacular !
$ _num_ per tiny samosa ?
the other tenants are super friendly and we are quite content .
from the view to the food to the service , everything was perfect .
i promise you a great time !
the pool area is pretty nice , however it 's small .
we fell in love instantly !
called after they opened at 5:30 but got no answer .
i highly recommend a visit if you are in scottsdale .
i felt very comfortable and would recommend them to anyone !
two bathrooms with one room each doesnt cut it for me .
i 'm fairly impressed !
they really do care about the animals and their humans !
they have a good variety of sushi for _num_ bucks !
i agree with everything nicole n. so beautifully stated .
if you 're on a budget , however , this is your place .
cowboy chow is great !
this place is awesome .
this is just typical of what is going on there .
the dressing was just boring .
highly recommended .
what an incredible experience .
: - ) great workers , great place .
kona has great sushi , salads , and entrees .
tasty tasty tasty , and speedy delivery .
the servings are huge enough to share , but you wo n't want to !
will order from them again !
food was very good but service was slow .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .
after the visit tonight we will never be back .
they do n't inform u each time they let themselves into a unit !
this place does n't even deserve _num_ star .
so so disappointed .
the design in this restaurant is breathtaking !
also our cart died on the last hole .
the texture is all off .
there were several dozen tanks but each only had a couple of fish .
tina made both of our hair beautiful !
great place especially when you are drunk .
is zero stars an option ?
they have a pretty good selection and have some cool accessories too .
for the quality of the meal the price was way too high .
she seemed shy and had trouble talking to the table .
very relaxed , yet personal vibes going on and our waiter was hilarious .
do n't even bother wasting your time and money .
do n't waste your time asking them to come help .
i like the decor , it 's quirky and whimsical .
( it 's really dated inside , to boot . )
i love these guys !
service is friendly and quick .
i enjoyed an awesome preparation of halibut with mexican shrimp and chorizo .
its annoying .
beyond disappointed i wasted _num_ hours here .
the owners are very friendly and professional .
after spending almost $ _num_ and feeling ripped off it 's unfortunate .
great shop and great people .
fresh orange juice .
the spa is laid back and helpful .
absolutely loved this tour !
the servers there are friendly and fast .
the restaurant was not crowded at all .
he then offered me fettuccine & an order of spaghetti & meatballs .
great happy hour !
the staff is so friendly , knowledgeable , and helpful .
i swear it 's a _num_ minute wait every ... single ... time .
i said to the employee , `` i know bruschetta are twice baked cookies .
one happy customer .
one of the boys says , `` i think i lost my appetite . ''
totally listens and understands my concerns and answers any questions i have .
the food was cold with no flavor .
the combination of fudge and brownie melted in my mouth .
we sat on the patio too which was very pleasant .
the food is great , the service is awesome .
horrible experience !
great location , great food , great prices and great service .
the staff is friendly .
avoid .
wonderful staff , wonderful selection , late evening hours .
i just got married here in september and i truly loved it !
it was beyond amazing !
they have a gorgeous patio and open till 2:00 am !
service was perfect , atmosphere peaceful in the early evening .
their tiramisu is also really good .
i went there for happy hour .
i was very happy with the care my dog received from dr. reed .
the staff is really friendly .
incredibly reasonable prices .
wasted space of _num_ squash courts !
has outdoor patio seating with nice view of back side of camelback mountain .
also , the way they roast their chicken is top notch .
great tiramisu .
excellent beer selection .
quick friendly service to locals and non locals alike .
atmosphere : i have no problem with the heavy hipster vibe .
the night staff at this location leaves something to be desired .
horrible food , horrible service !
bad customer service and trucks that are in poor working condition .
the city is pristine with gorgeous views of desert life .
on wed nights they have trivia at _num_ .
there was n't anything culinary about it aside from the fact it was food .
i will be coming back !
employees are friendly and helpful .
it 's all great and everyone who works there has been there forever !
warm and inviting !
definitely worth a visit if you are in this area .
the mole enchiladas are delicious .
my sister just had her wedding here and it was gorgeous .
the service is always great .
they have very kind employees and have always provided wonderful service .
thank goodness this place was open past nine on a thursday night .
thank you so much for what each and everyone of you do .
the food is so good .
delivery for a friday night was pretty fast and the pizza was good .
great dive bar and great bartenders .
we tried this restaurant for the first time for dinner and were disappointed .
must have been dead for a long , long time .
the beans were very greasy but hey this is n't health food right ?
relish 's at the pro shop was a great lunch stop .
they always get the order right and the food is great .
i actually come here primarily when my mom is visiting because she likes it .
so basic yet so good !
we enjoy this restaurant so much , it has become a weekly habit .
so happy this is one of his annual trips .
the wait was also very long .
this is a disgrace to the word , food .
lovely place for small plate tapas during their fabulous happy hour .
another guest ordered an uber and invited me to share her car .
another customer refused to be seated in there while we were having dinner .
it was like me ordering spaghetti but they served me fettuccine alfredo .
i 've been here _num_ times in the past year and a half .
a very tasty meal to end the year on .
good food and good service .
i shrugged it off and let them work on fixing it .
the food , drinks and service were all a+ .
really , tell me this after i am there ?
she also was short and rude with me .
he 's always cheerful and having us try his new sushi creations .
delicious food with big plates !
great job !
highly recommend .
don and charlie 's was perfect .
they also served people who ordered after me first .
customer service is better than i anticipated since it 's technically fast food .
this scottsdale location is the best one hands down .
i recommend # _num_ !
she remembered our orders and takes very good care of us .
dr. wright was kind , compassionate and patient as he explained my options .
this place is as clean and roomy as it gets .
awesome food , great service !
exceptional service with a dark private setting .
hotels.com has a good rate for the room .
soup , salad , drinks , all served at the same time .
the service is also excellent .
the beef burrito was beef and a tortilla -- nothing else ; very bland .
awesome gel manicure !
oh and it was really hard to find .
wide variety of books .
not sure we will go back .
very good service - i 'll be back !
awesome .
accommodations are great .
talk about torture .
the food is good and service is excellent .
probably would not eat here again .
ca n't go wrong with a beer .
the delivery people are always so friendly .
the menudo here is perfect .
love that its a dive !
gracious service , great rooms , and lovely surroundings make for a great time .
delicious and huge portions delivered by service staff that really care about their patrons .
what a gem of a place !
bad company !
the staff in the golf shop are friendly , accommodating , and very helpful .
our waitress was actually german , which made the whole experience really great !
: ) thank you !
food is really hood !
i would definitely recommend this molly maid !
i have never encountered such shoddy professionalism and i work in higher education !
the red salsa was great .
this place was fantastic .
sandwiches are really good , too !
coffee is hot and awesome !
they really made us feel like they valued our business .
perfect local bar wi great food and excellent staff .
finally got the $ _num_ back for the sheets .
this is a great , good ol diner .
this is a trainers gym .
on top of that the service was awful .
each time gets more and more disappointing .
the beer is priced right .
never even looked at me .
great venue .
the service was the worst .
it is the best for younger kid amusement in phoenix .
they have great specials !
canned fish in the tacos ... really ?
the staff is especially helpful and the store is always really clean .
honest , prompt , polite , and efficient .
surprisingly they have some craft beers as well as the usual beers .
i had ordered online to make sure my order was not messed up .
the last stylist had this attitude like i was wasting here time .
not impressed and i wo n't be going back there .
i highly recommend the salmon salad !
thanks !
the food and service were good .
we found mark via the cabinet manufacturer .
lady is always nice !
best place in old town scottsdale for souvenirs and southwestern gifts .
rosa 's was the perfect choice .
my boyfriend loves it now .
why are so many joints , just to save a buck , cutting quality .
thank you guys !
$ _num_ bill and i was not satisfied at all .
drinks are fairly cheap , and service is very friendly .
but there 's not much to get on or do .
we went into this store and talked to michael .
the drinks too were just okay .
i got the carne asada burrito -- fresh & tasty .
the workers are friendly , too .
picked up and wow i was super impressed and what a great deal !
food was blah and pretty tasteless .
i would definitely recommend if your in the area .
was a little disappointed based on all the great reviews .
the food is worth any short wait you may experience .
the cheese on my cheese fries was not melted .
they are tender & tasty .
service is fantastic .
this is a place everyone should try , it really is exceptional .
the food was n't incredible but it was decent .
be prepared to see some really spectacular scenery .
had a great time a the tavern .
the chicken california flatbread pizza gave my wife food poisoning !
delicious flavors , lots of vegetarian options , hefty portions .
the wi-fi connection never worked the five days i was there .
ill review it next .
it is amazing .
wait staff is great , very efficient and nice people there .
service was great and then for finally , red velvet cupcake .
the salted carmel gelato is a must !
make no mistake , this is a booze cruise and is not family friendly .
my hair at that time was cut pretty decent .
this place is great !
this place is good !
best mexican food in az period !
then , the food comes out and every dish is made incorrectly .
great location and hours , had exactly what my guy was looking for !
ordering was very pleasant and easy and they were delivered faster than expected .
but that was it ; nothing more after that but disappointment .
was excited to go back last week .
feeling ripped off .
this place was terrible !
i recommend them to anyone who needs their car washed !
turns out my rental was only $ _num_ for the entire week !
i can stand outside all day and smell those rotisserie chickens !
but this place has a great breakfast with great service .
elevator out of order for entire stay .
slow service .
the vet , older women , had a horrible bedside manner .
my favorite chinese place in mesa !
the chicken is spicy and delicious .
that is how they get your email address .
sit forever in a waiting room .
dr. price was extremely professional and helped me with my neck pain immediately .
honest , trustworthy , consistent and just plain good people !
after about _num_ minutes someone came out with waters .
ah no i do n't think so .
they have delicious soups everyday .
no one at our table could understand much of what he said .
got to see wildlife .
we love this place .
she was wrong .
teriyaki chicken breast sandwich is made to order and is fantastic !
my friend got the burrito bowl which was amazing !
the real problem was with our bill .
the prime rib i had was perfectly cooked and was enough for two meals .
when our food came out , everything looked fine except for the ravioli .
went to use the rest room -- it was out of paper towels .
which made me sad to hear .
the pizza is so good and it never disappoints .
awesome !
she said good food , good prices and good service .
the staff at raintree are very friendly and accommodating .
this is not a safe place to bring your family .
at check-in , i mentioned i have a _num_ lbs dog .
this place is officially off of our rotation and we will never return !
parking was not to great.
she seemed put out and came up and rang me out .
my $ _num_ bucks would have gone much further elsewhere .
good fast mexican food with decent prices .
highly recommended .
great bike shop !
a really good wine selection and some tasty food .
groupon has great deals for this place .
everyone was friendly .
all good stuff in a tiny bar on a side street .
i was charged additionally for each of my _num_ dogs .
the staff is very friendly & great !
cooked perfectly .
she had no clue and said let me check .
so disappointed .
his chicken was tastier but still bland .
thank you rebecca for a small gesture so large from your heart .
thank you !
terrible customer service .
well worth the trip !
so i paid a whole other person to fix my ac .
love it .
we will not be going back !
excellent , excellent , excellent !
i am very upset that i wasted my time at this place .
excellent !
the gravy never arrived , and i think the manager brought us our bill .
toward the end of the meal , a female manager walked by .
she layered the hair so it falls perfectly !
i 'll leave my wallet chain in my car . ''
beer selection is good .
tint removal not included . ''
who closes for maintenance ?
this place was great !
i 'm standing there with everything .
the food was decent to good ... service ( sergio ) was outstanding .
everything about the food was perfect .
pretty good food !
i honestly dont think i want to go back im so up set .
they have a terrible educational program .
no dice !
it 's a little pricey , but it 's worth it .
i 've always had a great experience eating here !
yum , yum .
there are stacked empty shelves by the door .
kids have been caught throwing rocks at cars for play time .
love the chicken mole !
love this place been coming here for about _num_ years .
but once i found it .
horrible and rude people .
the most amazing enchiladas !
good times !
the only other volvo dealership in town is much worse .
she knows a lot about games which is something i was not expecting .
the food was very good .
great meal and service .
the staff was friendly and helpful .
thank you for making his birthday one to remember !
great job guys !
thanks henry !
my husband and i ate here with his parents saturday .
i 'd give this place _num_ stars if i could .
my bf and i split the cheese crisp with beef ( first mistake ) .
the water tasted like sewage even after adding _num_ lemon wedges to it .
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !
food brought _num_ minutes after arriving for reservation .
for real !
food was not very good .
great food but very pricey .
good food .
poor bar staff to say the least .
great work , turnaround time is outstanding and very well priced .
totally dry and flavorless .
needless to say , we will not be returning .
i am so so so regret that i wasted my time and money .
avoid this einstein 's at all cost .
this is my new favorite spot to eat !
he is wonderful .
what a disappointment .
generous outside patio space was quieter .
we 'll definitely be coming back to zizzo 's .
the food was very good and the margaritas were excellent !
then he responded sorry i ca n't help you .
damn rude if you ask me .
atmosphere is nice and there is plenty of parking .
and the food was served to us after _num_ mins .
they have since made restaurant smaller which ruined the appeal of eating there .
very bad experience .
great service .
you should check this place out !
good wine list as well .
thanks !
the food is always top notch , and the service is impeccable .
both were well done .
most definitely the best beans in the east valley .
so glad we got to hear about it .
i will certainly return for the service .
hands down some of the best food and service we 've ever had !
loved my experience at uncle sal 's .
ordered the thai pad , it was mushy and so tasteless .
my 1st encounter was not a good one .
very different and interesting !
the best selection in the valley with the most knowledgeable staff .
loud garage if you live next to it .
lon 's is also terrific indoors .
love their food .
best food and best service .
we were both pleasantly surprised .
food was great .
the food was great too , i got the white pizza which was delicious .
and the guy was so rude .
even worse , she prescribed _num_ days worth of strong antibiotics for my dog .
the sommelier helped us to select a great italian wine ( $ _num_ ) .
one of the best hair experiences i have ever had .
thank you !
the dutch baby is yum and their omelettes are fluffy and delicious .
the green chili quesadilla is amazing !
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
highly recommend if you 're nearby , and have a desire for mexican food .
everyone is so nice too .
been going there for years and will continue to do so .
loved my sandwhich and great service .
by the time she had any interest in my experience my food was cold .
what an overpriced disappointment .
my yard is beautiful !
_num_ minutes later we were eating tacos i made at home .
my boyfriend and i always go to this location and the service is outstanding !
overall a very nice experience to be sure .
terrible .
delicious freshly baked bread and quality ingredients make this place my favorite lunch spot .
a must have is the stetson salad ; i love this salad !
they charge a $ _num_ convenience fee when you buy online .
picked up some nice pieces .
i would not recommend eating here and will never be back .
guy says it will be _num_ minutes if i want the kabob .
they employees seem to understand how .
the `` women '' at the front desk are extremely rude .
we will definitely be ordering again soon !
very honest !
expensive food thats not worth it !
they have an excellent selection , and a very good wine list .
love thai food and this restaurant knows how to cook thai food .
the chicken curry is excellent as well .
i have tried many gyro placed but this one is the best !
i have loved the care we have received from all three of them .
he just left without even speaking to us .
this store is very clean and nice looking .
great customer service !
it 's really expensive ... for what you get .
oh , yeah it can .
great specials throughout the day and on weekends .
could n't even finish the food .
great people , funny stories , happy customers its all you can ask for .
the beer was amazing !
my experiences in this store have been wonderful .
i was there _num_ night .
highly recommended !
i just picked up my very stressed out dogs who were literally drenched .
great staff , incredible selection .
who wants to hear that crap .
after waiting _num_ minutes ( this was a good sign to me ) .
server was rude especially to my husband .
the cons : the rest of the food is pretty mediocre .
the staff is so friendly and helpful .
really good food and the service was great !
a+ gentlemen .
other than that great place , friendly staff , and relaxing atmosphere .
well , maybe they are but the food is not .
great deal , great service from start to finish !
waitress explained menu very well and gave some suggestions .
food overpriced , no service , dark dingy atmosphere .
highly recommended .
this place is one of a kind .
this has to be the worst tex-mex i 've ever had .
then we got there to pick it up and the front grill was gone .
makes more sense to serve everyone happily then not .
our appetizer was also cold , and not even good .
chips and salsa are tasty too !
i was crying my eyes out and they were sensitive and sympathetic .
it was worse than horrible .
great selection of designers and the employees are very helpful .
it is so yummy !
he had my x-ray & asked me why i think i need surgery .
the owner , alan , is honest and very easy to work with .
the ride attendants were fun and engaging with the children for the most part .
i am looking for recommendations of decent pizza delivery in south scottsdale .
i 've never had a bad experience here .
i love vito 's .
what i find remarkable is the prices .
great place for happy hour !
the drinks are reasonably priced , the food , truly fantastic too .
i 'm hoping our next dining experience here will be better .
i really like this place and will return in the future .
i will .
then , you ca n't even pay with a debit card .
they have definitely lost ours .
the best burritos ever .
i feel sorry for the next person who ordered the same drink .
the chili shrimp roll is phenomenal .
however that is where all the good ends .
the service here is the worst .
just had to get these things off my chest .
they actually have good beer on tap , or available in cans and bottles .
i am hooked !
worst kfc service ever .
zero ice anywhere !
no sign of the manager .
everything was delicious and perfectly cooked .
the wings and blt was right on .
oh wow .
why i ca n't choose zero star ?
we will be back ( again ) next time we are in town !
absolutely in love with this place .
we can not afford to just buy one more ticket .
they also offer a shuttle ride to the ball park .
fixes cars right .
there are many other spots that could have been created for this purpose .
price is definitely worth it .
it 's packed so be patient .
service is amazing and staff is extremely knowledgeable .
they wo n't seat you unless your entire party is there .
will definitely be back .
the lounge is always fun and the regulars are very friendly .
we loved it .
it did not taste fresh .
portions are huge , my wife and i always share .
savor it .
i recommend them to everyone , you will not be disappointed .
awesome place with a very cool ambiance .
we had also asked that our dogs had no group time with other dogs .
great country food .
which in some cases is good in others bad so i totally get it .
the staff are very friendly and will help you with anything you need .
i expected to be inquired what exactly am i looking for .
long story short , we will not return to bavarian point .
everything was great with special care from the server and management .
when you have room for dessert , their cannolis & mousse are solid choices .
minor detail but it could easily be fixed .
i will definitely be a regular here .
cruise america completely ruined our vacation .
there was barely any meat in the pho .
they always have what we want !
i got the sea bass as an entree and it was great !
the food was excellent and authentic .
great food , large coffee selection , and the best environment .
the short ribs were amazing , as were the baby carrots .
the live accordion music was the perfect addition to the ambiance .
got an internet quote and set an appointment .
yes , people , she 's that good .
not going back .
anyone that hurts my kid and is so impatient with him is done .
maybe if they had more fans things like this would n't happen .
they are flat but ok .
otherwise , our family will be back .
i highly recommend this bar !
i will always call them from now on !
what a lousy experience !
do n't waste your time with this place !
our waiter did n't even raise an eyebrow .
it stinks .
excellent , make sure you try the garlic bread .
not what you want to see !
wrong !
they really stay in character and it makes it very fun .
definitely recommend !
tonight a new guy took care of us and was amazing .
we will not be going to this location again .
everything seems fresh enough .
even better people !
the sundaes looked like delectable old-fashioned fun .
fast , quality alterations at an affordable price .
the place is busy on wednesdays and fridays .
beds are alright , but seriously , that sheet ruined the stay for me .
came as part of a large wedding party and the service was outstanding !
this is first date , anniversary , birthday type spot .
all while the old man stood guard over the whole affair .
we had a great meal there for our anniversary .
this place is gross .
i always have a great dish here to eat .
other than the duck , everything we tried was delicious .
they always have live music , a good crowd and cheap drinks !
two years later and still super awesome .
this place is a nightmare .
i am so happy with my skin !
everything is always fresh made .
the service was great , the food was awesome .
i 'm a charge nurse in an emergency room .
zipps can take care of that for you .
they were rude to each other and to the customers .
with no apologies .
unbelievably terrible and slow service .
you can hang your hat on their outstanding and `` honest '' service .
it was a fun time .
ignored for a good _num_ minutes in a half empty restaurant .
i was so excited to come back to defalco 's !
wings are also amazing .
the beans are pretty bad actually , as is the salsa .
was very happy with the lobster udon , and carpaccio was to die for .
definitely a must stay again , best kept secret in scottsdale .
chicken was chewy and cold .
worst experience i 've ever had .
first off , i found them to be a tad expensive .
owner and manager attempted to charge my credit card with the additional fee .
it 's nothing fancy and does it 's job well !
love d pizza it 's yum !
i definitely agree with deep blue 's review .
well , now i know why it 's been so long .
_num_ ) check the mens restroom !
well worth the _num_ minute wait to get a table .
got the tuscan omelette and added bacon .
the acoustics on stage while listening to the symphony were wonderful .
they offered me another deal with another bank at _num_ % interest .
thanks guys !
they sure take your money quickly but that 's all they do .
that 's where the positives stop .
the meat was bland .
my friend got an omelette and i got the eggs benedict with smoked salmon .
best gluten free pizza crust i 've ever had .
no thanks , there 's too much competition to lack in service like this .
looking forward to renting a property managed by true professionals .
good dudes , good burritos .
wish _num_ stars was an option .
what a fun place .
for desert we had the chocolate lava cake .
what a hidden gem !
the staff is excellent , attentive and pleasant .
the green chili pot and sliders are worth checking out .
you can tell this dough is made fresh .
- only _num_ drink cart for _num_ courses ?
the bartenders and servers were really friendly as well .
what sucks worse then having terrible food when this hungry ?
best mexican food i 've found in mesa .
great place !
ordered the nachos and the veggie enchiladas , and _num_ margaritas .
bathrooms were not stocked and filthy .
we had a group of _num_ and we could not hear each other talking .
there is something very wrong with the food this place serves .
i went here last week and had a really blah experience .
service is excellent : friendly and timely .
my husband had the salmon and it was delicious .
friendly service .
it was very good though .
i have never experienced such slow service before .
i come here every year for my birthday and always leave extremely happy .
on to the food , my wife 's portion to the feast was salad .
great job keep up the good work !
i was n't even buzzed .
i trust them with my cloths .
this is a hidden gem .
was very impressed with their beer selection .
but they are horribly unorganized and have serious customer service issues .
the front desk was very kind and helpful but the dr was very rude .
this place rocks .
definitely going back if i need some more work done .
he had definately raised the price on my lunch meal by $ _num_ !
ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .
excellent .
the wings there are good .
also , i have n't had many great experiences with the staff here .
such honesty is rare these days .
its beautiful inside and out .
the course is well kept and reasonably priced .
at any rate , the taste of the glaze was good ... very good .
i would rather eat at mcdonalds than this place .
the service is lacking too .
the au jus was sub par and the sandwich was cold .
worse then the food & watered down drinks was the horrible horrible service .
me : can you get me someone who can find out ?
i love this place !
ew , this place has gotten so cheesy , or has it always been ?
first time in _num_ years i 've found a tasty place to go .
i wo n't go back and i will tell people to avoid .
all great .
this place is amazing and would recommend it to anyone and everyone .
best dentist i have ever been to !
she took all the warranty cards my rings and went up to the counter .
the service is literally terrible every single time .
if you hate helping customers so much , quit your job !
aloha pineapple is also amazing !
the best word for this place is sleazy .
once you get inside , though ... man alive , you will be rewarded .
best sushi in mesa with great people and delicious food .
all in all we paid _num_ dollars for _num_ hours use of the room .
they have the worst customer service ever !
just remember to tip well , its worth it !
the hotel is close to a lot of shopping and wonderful restaurants .
the building is always clean and the staff is always friendly .
no , thank you , but no .
i would not recommend this company to anyone .
we had egg flour soup , crab puffs and chicken with broccoli .
they just want your money and do n't give a crap about the students .
come see for yourself ... and visit our website for more info !
their grilled cheese is amazing .
i could n't even chew through some bites .
this place is amazing !
this is a great restaurant !
this is the best place in town for sports events with huge screens everywhere .
seriously , they 're good , and under _num_ bucks .
the decor is awesome and gives the place a lot of character .
the employees are cool and make you feel at home .
the price was great too .
i absolutely love this place !
there was also a piece of toast which i also did not try .
i had to say something ( in attempts to represent us customers ) .
best tow ever !
sadly we wasted our time and left .
so friendly to our dog !
best bar in az period .
also a very good portion and good food .
i trimmed away so much bread that had meat nowhere by it .
double dragon shrimp were fantastic .
love this place !
price was $ _num_ , times two , since we both ordered this .
salmon & rice was excellent .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
traditional margaritas are very good .
we 'll definitely be going back .
shawn is the best and very honest with his product line .
she made zero conversation .
hot , hot , hot , in a bad way .
the management response to this review will not change our minds .
the inside is , again , a little ... different .
love love love this place .
the quality and customer service is perfection .
please , go here , i promise you will not regret the choice !
great appetizer , the green mary lou .
never going back .
the potions are huge and the rice was amazing !
there is no reason someone should be told _num_ different prices on one tree .
_num_ of us total .
i ordered _num_ beef tacos .
i love this place , so friendly , always greeted with a smile .
i have been going here about _num_ years and they always exceed my expectations .
got my suit and jeans altered ... great job .
food is not that great .
the staff is extremely friendly .
everything was so delicious and so fresh !
they have lost a good customer .
above and beyond .
consistently one of my favorite spots which keeps me coming back year after year .
my sister and i also split the crab legs and filet .
my partner and i do not know much about cars .
the young girl behind the counter never looked me in the eye .
food was amazing !
thank you all .
unbelievable .
the environment is very clean , and has modern play areas .
tortilla soup is so so good .
i am so glad i found this place !
all reasonably priced with a great wine selection .
i will continue to come back .
i love this salon .
but you will definitely find it there .
simply the best bike shop i 've been to .
not needed at all , the place was empty .
nicely done rooms and good service .
customer service has always been great when i go .
all the food is very classic american style and delicious .
very nice staff considering the aesthetics of the little place .
this place is my new favorite beer and wings bar .
also , their margaritas are n't anything special .
one of the worst venues to see a concert .
in this age , it is very rare .
you could taste the fresh herbs .
no thanks !
do n't come here if you 're on a diet .
great margaritas and the carne adovada plate is amazing !
the asada was amazing !
can wait to try happy hr !
and while i thought the flavor was good , the execution was sloppy .
the girl on the phone was pleasant and the food arrive fast and hot .
this is my third time here and everytime service has been slow at best .
we signed a _num_ month lease and the first few months were pure bliss .
this place is a favorite on days off for lunch together .
the fish was fried ok , but that 's not rocket science .
my wife and i got our first puppy from a rescue .
excellent staff all around .
fantastic !
they have the best breakfast tacos and the tortillas are home-made .
yay !
i was glad there was no wait , which actually surprised me .
we sat at the bar and had great service .
she was not pleased with this request .
do n't waste your time .
which is rare in any health related field .
i did not pick this place , met some people there that picked it .
a few months ago i went to this place at lunchtime .
any of us and we all get emails and text updates from them regularly .
this was so much fun .
sort of crappy service .
good vibes , good italian fare , great service .
the place is small and comfortable and i felt at home .
the dinners were perfect - pork and lamb .
an excellent spa for the ultimate in pampering and relaxation .
love the food love the staff .
the seats are far from luxurious but they are comfortable enough .
furniture handles missing .
the most unfriendly place i have ever been in .
highly recommend this cute place for a weekend breakfast .
morning , afternoon or night , zipps is a great place .
which was sort of like a bowl of enchilada sauce .
this bar is n't young and hip but it is a blast !
i am always greeted by name and with a smile .
you will have a good experience .
this place is full of integrity and good food too !
this place does not deliver .
it definitely caters to college kids -- cheap eats and open past bar closing .
this goodwill is a nice one .
i highly recommend !
we topped off our own wine glasses every time .
i thought the order was okay .
cox is not your friend in the internet age .
the service was poor ( slow , order came out wrong ) .
clean and comfortable seating , clean restrooms and decent acoustics .
he was amazing !
took _num_ days and counting to get a refund .
not a fan !
she understands your needs and will take great care of you .
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .
the bartender alex was great .
so , discuss on where you 're going to next before you go in .
girls are nice and fast !
seriously , sliced rye bread .
the iced tea is amazing !
this time it was worse .
disgusting !
super fast .
overall , a world class customer experience .
if i could give this a zero star i would .
our food was cold and my vegetarian dish was awful .
i love bringing my kids here , and they enjoy going .
great room options all differently decorated !
it 's definitely different then anything you 've ever had .
i later find out she was having lunch on my time .
lovely space .
however , it was a total buzz kill for our saturday night .
the pools are relaxing and fun to spend time at .
the fish , like so many of us , had just given up .
the house salad was boring and plain and well ... nothing special !
always clean , friendly , and good food .
this course is one of the finest in the area .
so in short , horrible location , horrible food , horrible ambience .
the salads are good , but the mac & cheese side dish is phenomenal .
i love this place they 're so helpful , attentive and great price .
the service here is so lovely and accommodating .
staff was exceptional and made us feel welcome .
i could not cut the rack of ribs with a steak knife !
ryan did my tattoo and he did an amazing job !
this place is great !
the acoustics were not very good in my opinion .
i 've stayed in worse but i 've also stayed in much better .
i wo n't be back .
and they have an awful odor coming out of their kitchen .
the stuffed burgers they sell , awesome .
it 's cluttered with beer cans and the smell of dead fish !
we had such a great dinner here !
have started going back and it is still the best food and great price .
thank you for making our evening so special !
it was delicious and very filling .
not worth the money for the experience we had .
just overall , bad .
i recommend this place to everyone it 's really good very good flavor !
i am still fighting the fees .
they are all full of crap .
the bacon , egg , and potato burrito is fabulous !
he was so obnoxious and loud trying to entertain everyone that walked in .
i have always been very happy with this office !
i certainly recommend this restaurant !
good tv channels , comfy bed , free wifi , & a free breakfast .
and lets face it , their merchandise is not cheap .
they are beautiful ... and now i am broke .
the staff is always super friendly .
i also asked for no beans and they threw them all over my plate .
the salsa did not impress me , tomato based salsa not many options here .
the food here is okay .
restaurant is small and popular .
my boyfriend and i love coming to cindy 's !
the food actually impressed me !
this is the new normal under scottsdale healthcare .
we enjoy the swedish meatballs , nachos and such .
realistic & fair pricing .
had everything you needed to stay active while you 're away .
the ribs were especially good .
don carson and his staff have hit a `` grand slam ! ''
the drinks are good .
the food quality is , overall , poor .
slow service , gyoza came out cold .
thanks toms bbq for doing it right !
terrible food ... strike two !
she says sorry but thanks for coming .
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .
they do not really cater to food allergies .
i 'm a math major and did all the math ... no discount .
the service was friendly and warm -- the food was amazing .
it was horrible .
the steaks were not cheap so we were very disappointed .
really enjoyed my first trip to this store !
excellent waitress , tasty food !
the staff is super friendly and they know what they are doing !
the rib 's i buy from the supermarket tasted better .
great job a & p we will be back !
the pool areas are small but very nice .
big mistake .
the gyros are ok but the staff is rude .
it 's like they could care less about their customers .
the ingredients are low quality -- i.e .
it 's kind of hidden behind a restaurant and office buildings .
an arizona classic .
no further service during this time .
thank you !
that 's the only reason the rating is so low .
the crab taco special was marginal , very little crab .
this is a great place that always serves up delicious food and drinks .
i had _num_ work shirts that my company gave me and they fit awful .
located upstairs within the steven paul salon is a waxing genius !
every question and concern handled .
definitely who i want to do business with !
great place for lunch .
this place is a rip off .
and they are very friendly and helpful .
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .
thanks shannon !
would n't go back .
do n't recommend .
talked and smoked with his co worker outside .
they also have a great selection of eyewear .
so , so good .
their sides are fantastic .
worst sonic ever !
he was both professional and courteous .
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
love the product , hate the customers in this area .
please know that this is a dog friendly restaurant .
it was perfect !
very good this time !
which is stupid because money is money , right ?
edit : used to come here often .
she knows her product and customers so well .
inattentive servers , empty glasses , empty plates .
not cool .
no real cheese flavor , totally disappointed but ate it anyway .
the food and wine is delicious !
service was great but the food was merely good ... not great .
great service , great recommendations and even tastier food !
the tenderloin was perfect and the burger was huge .
maybe it 's like her coworker said , this is n't a subway .
i will be going back when in the area for sure !
i regret coming here because the customer service is terrible .
my favorite is the mongolian beef extra sauce !
they are always friendly and take great care of my wife and i .
he does n't carry any sport bike parts .
absolutely the best gyro i 've had in phoenix .
the garlic toast is greasy and kid food .
i wo n't be back .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .
they were not willing to show an apartment .
another regular customer run off by the new manager , susan .
mom loved the place !
the setting of this place is pretty cool because you are under ground .
_num_ ) the building is infested with roaches !
our server was knowledgable about the menu and friendly .
this was my first time visiting here and i was impressed .
but this pizza is amazing !
wonderfully unique atmosphere .
the service is very friendly and it 's a great atmosphere .
our waiter was attentive , friendly and had a good sense of humor .
best apple fritters around .
everything about the experience was terrible .
it made for the perfect night out in old town scottsdale .
i loved the sugar bowl !
still one of my favorite places for sushi and sake .
everything on the menu is top notch !
it was literally one thing after another all night long .
it 's amazing !
poor form .
all done !
thumbs up !
the employees at the pharmacy are rude and disrespectful .
bone-in ribeye was awesome !
great selection of beers and the food is amazing .
was our waiter he was absolutely great !
this venue is fantastic .
the food is not good .
free mimosa = just ok mimosa .
if heidi is working the experience is even better !
great atmosphere .
if you are looking for a great stylist , ask for helen !
good luck !
there were no x-rays taken .
this is a great italian restaurant .
worst service i 've ever experienced at a restaurant .
best general tso 's chicken ?
yes yes !
i have been here before but after tonight , we wo n't be returning .
i loved it !
thank you .
everything was made correctly and tasted good .
the food was unfortunately a huge disappointment .
terrible !
their happy hour has pretty awesome deals .
everyone is very nice and professional .
i would not go back to this salon .
portions are adequate , and served in a timely fashion .
thanks for all you do helen !
my husband order a plate of albacore again .
nothing like this !
this is high quality dry cleaning .
the noodles are always just right and just saucy enough .
she sounds very cheerful and is very nice .
fabulous service tonight and it was crowded !
we have eaten there twice take out too actually .
i recommend this for a couple on a date , or a small group .
i have to say i am thoroughly disappointed .
dodge electric really nailed it .
every part of the meal was flavorful , fresh , and cooked perfectly .
the owner is very friendly and helpful .
gorgeous views , hiking available behind the property and really awesome dining .
- _num_ star - decor .
looking for a latin live band and vibrant environment ?
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .
delicious .
finally another server asked me if i needed one .
i like that they have a great selection .
so , we went on the busiest day of the week , sunday .
best wings ever !
my hairstylist is amanda and she always gives me the best cut .
also do the breakfast grilled cheese - best sandwich ever !
stetson salad !
hate it .
about half of the slides require the use of an inner tube .
so i went to the front desk , asking `` how much longer ?
i found the sushi to be above average .
i went with april a/c because of their great reviews online .
citrus juice blends are delicious .
service is great .
aside from refills on drinks we did n't see our server the entire time .
wonderful home made bread and dough ( yogurt drink ) .
not in this case .
not impressed .
the owner mike is very nice and knowledgeable about all of his inventory .
i go down to check out .
i am a _num_ second customer .
i ordered a pizza on-line and it was delivered promptly and it was great .
this place is awesome .
great place to eat !
panang curry was the most perfect level of spice but only consisted of chicken .
strong margaritas .
your mouth will thank me !
does the state really even know about this place ?
this place is worth the trip .
it was perfect !
one of my favorite pizza places !
so i 'm done .
however , the wait is well worth it .
it only went downhill from there .
excellent service here !
there are so many cool things to check out in the cars here .
another favorite item of mine is their mozzarella sticks .
terrible .
my husband 's order was n't much better .
i hate hate hate this pizza hut !
property is clean and quiet .
i would say lady but she did n't act like one .
overall a decent experience .
the margs were good .
_num_ different times this has happened .
thank you , sonny !
eventually our table was moved , but it took a while .
terrible conditions .
it is not mexican food !
great prices .
keep the river clean !
for a great mexican meal , not so much .
smoked beef is the best .
family owned .
love uncle sal 's !
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .
this place is just a tourist trap in old town scottsdale .
this was extra special .
they used to have great deals on something almost every time you went .
i love this place !
but it works with the food !
the fries were unremarkable .
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .
the menu had a variety of choices with something to please everyone .
the hashbrowns were also crisp and well seasoned .
everything tastes fresh and as it should be .
really enjoyed the pizza !
the room is loud and crowded .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !
easy to get to and quick turn around .
the food was still wonderful , full of taste and the kick of heat .
too much produce is coming from south of the border and tastes terrible .
family owned .
consistent , talented and sweet stylist she always has been .
so we were sent here by urgent care .
very good food .
the sweet 'n spicy pulled pork is excellent !
avoid this place .
i left the office feeling pissed .
she is kind , thoughtful , insightful and caring .
everything is super fresh , and they 'll make anything you want .
the waitresses do n't know how to serve properly and they 're pretty rude .
best donuts in arizona .
will recommend and return as soon as possible !
the yellow tail , tuna , salmon , rainbow rolls are all amazing !
it was amazing , and this is every week .
i have to admit that its the best place to hang out .
next on plate was the fettuccine alfredo pasta .
we will spend our money elsewhere .
i thought he was kidding but he was actually annoyed that i wanted delivery .
i 'm mean it was so bad i could n't eat it .
our server tara was so sweet , classy & attentive .
they waited _num_ hours and _num_ minutes to call us and tell us .
had a problem and for _num_ $ i was told ac was working .
always a wonderful experience .
we probably made a mistake ordering sushi at a korean bbq joint .
best steaks , best salads ( blue cheese ) , and great fast service .
watch your wallet here and trust no one who works there .
love this little gem !
it has to be good to do that right ?
i 'm done exploring hotels in the area , i found a winner !
we enjoyed fresh garlic butter bread while we decided on our meal .
you lost customers for life .
it took exactly _num_ minutes for us to get our plates .
my son loves this school .
i would honestly give this place zero stars if i could .
the food we got was very good , flavorful and large portion sizes .
so many great choices , i 'll have to come back for more !
the staff are so sweet .
unacceptable !
this is a delicious pizza place !
quick , courteous and tasty , this jack in the crack delivers every time .
the services was impeccable , and the food is to die for .
so awesome !
great sandwiches at a great location .
i recommend this place to anyone .
we took advantage of the happy hour an dinner menu .
clean hotel , great accommodations , you will be treated like family here !
mmm , so good !
always a friendly hello from everyone there .
the staff was knowledgeable and friendly .
seriously , i 've had crackers with more flavor .
great place to buy a car !
the grilled shrimp one was not grilled or seasoned .
it was a staring contest .
all you need to know : fresh fish .
i love this place ; the owners are friendly and the burritos are excellent .
she 's awesome .
perfect way to spend time , getting some sun and inspiration and natural beauty .
rude service .
such a waste of money .
nasty filet mignon .
either way , i 'll be back !
food was amazing .
we had the pancakes and wild mushroom omelette ( with avocado ! )
maybe it was the horribly loud music ; maybe the surreal atmosphere .
very good pizza !
it was amazing !
we were more disappointed that they only had _num_ exhibits open .
it was so bad and expensive , and i was so upset .
thank you jack !
came home to find the sundae nearly melted and there was n't enough fudge .
a wonderful spot for an evening of food outdoors .
i called camping world mesa and got no satisfaction .
mickey 's rocks .
was driving around and found this hidden gem .
i was very happy with it .
one of the meals was so overcooked it had to be sent back .
horrible experience .
excellent wine list , great friendly service and a smart , friendly crowd .
great for an afternoon stop .
chandler auto body is a great place to take your car for body work .
unless you go to chandler high , skip this place .
love this place !
everything was amazing and service was professional but easy going .
recently i have noticed the quality of the food has gone way down .
that was a complete waste of time and money .
i asked why did not bill it to the coupon provided .
the first round draft in gilbert is awful !
i am also from california and am always looking for good tart yogurt .
i actually crave these rolls .
really fine fusion restaurant .
obviously they are not in need of business .
if they kick you out , you deserve it !
it is charming and the people are wonderful to work with !
simple home style food .
i have never been so impressed with a team of employees including the management .
no water refills , wine that was ordered never arrived .
running all over like they own the place .
this place could be my go to for sunday breakfast .
friendly , local italian deli .
best unique breakfast / brunch / lunch spot .
the shelves are well stocked .
please never close ... .
who does this , no other apartment complex 's do .
i received a gift card for christmas and ended up here .
this is a wide spread problem among nail salons .
very happy with my purchase and will definitely return again .
the service was excellent .
it is just sad to see such a waste of prime real estate !
i had a vision and she totally made that vision a reality !
all in all , love this place !
they said they just never checked there .
such a nice guy who owns the place .
it must be the delicious thin and flavorful crusts baked to perfection .
it came with two generous scoops of rice and a few fried wonton .
we so wish that it could go back to the way it was .
for our sides we chose green beans , coleslaw , bbq beans .
i highly recommend and would use them again .
i will purchase here again and recommend to friends .
i drank some habanero ipa and burned my throat .
they are clean and fast and the food is always fresh .
this company lives up to the great reviews !
after a _num_ minute wait we received our food and the sliders were meatball .
btw their sale was really nice .
no customer service skills and serious lack of talent .
i will definitely be going back .
the beef was juicy and flavorful , and the salsa was spicy and mouth-watering .
to start , malee 's atmosphere was not bad .
there are a couple friendly dogs there as well so there too .
delicious drinks too !
i will continue to come here !
i do not recommend them !
if you 're going to own a business learn how to treat customers idiot !
awesome cornbread for a starter .
i was told that this was one of the best dry cleaners in scottsdale .
really fresh bagel , fluffy egg , fresh tasting .
highly recommended .
will definitely return when meeting up for lunch !
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .
but the manicure was even worse !
gary had the bacon , egg and cheese sandwich and chilli cheese fries .
superb !
this place is horribly managed .
terrible customer service .
what great new equipment !
i totally trust her and my dog always looks so cute .
- tom kha soup was very good .
the service is great i will definitely come back when i need tires .
i guess i 'll have to find another place to do my dry cleaning .
terrible .
would n't a general cleaning be better than nothing at all ?
the chicken and other meats ( steak especially ) was very flavorless as well .
it will make your meal an adventure !
we all come here for the same reason , great food and atmosphere .
we love it !
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .
had a problem with someone stealing my daughters social security number .
joes sucks now , spend your money else where .
great food , great service , great ambience !
we tried the fish , shrimp , crab , fries .
great selection and great customer service .
the flavor was just weird .
to them , it just seemed like another transaction .
the ultimate pedicure they offer was very nice at a reasonable price .
great tables , clean and laid back people .
this one is horrible .
the no credit cards accepted is a bit ridiculous in this day .
i 've sent my wife flowers to her work twice from here .
amazing happy hour !
the food is awesome and about as authentic as you can get .
outside seating ... just an amazing place .
outstanding authentic german restaurant .
the ambiance is great and its entertaining to watch .
very lively place , a little on the loud side .
find some good beer for after zipps ... .
their machaca is the best i 've ever had !
but unfortunately it was the same steak i just sent back .
their bread is baked fresh and is devine as well .
the floor was sticky when we walked into our booth .
no treatment , no suggestions , nothing .
my family and i think this is the best church .
went to a 's game - and received good info .
i would recommend trying something else in the valley before trying here .
terrible .
the gravy was entirely too sweet and had absolutely no heat like we requested .
so anyway , buy nothing but the very minimum of what you need there .
i 'm a city girl so it 's all new to me .
have been going here for years and is always a great experience .
being part of malee 's email list so you can enjoy the experience yourself !
i really like to come here for the great selection of craft beers .
the staff was incredibly helpful and friendly !
if you like new york style pie , i highly recommend rush st .
this is not the case at this particular location in the scottsdale fashion square .
great food , though a little pricey , but well definitely be back !
love this place !
everything was great !
appalling .
tried to get a rx filled at this location .
she said `` im _num_ % sure i gave it back to you '' .
our service was excellent and pleasant .
the staff was extremely friendly and the food & drinks were top notch !
i refer all of my friends and family to adobe animal hospital .
we had fun .
wait times were too long and the bar was way to dark .
they did an excellent job of handling her and she came back looking beautiful .
they have amazing coffee , a must for breakfast !
she helped us find the the best items in the store .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
this is a friendly place !
we arrived on a friday night around 11pm and it was pretty packed !
the wings were a decent size and the sauce was tasty .
the staff has always been very good to us .
and for the high price point , this is really a turn off .
amazing and attentive staff .
totally not worth the cost of the food.
mac an cheese was watery , chicken alfredo was blah .
my kids favorite pizza spot !
if you have an allergy to msg like i do .
great food !
i ordered the chicken lo mein , big mistake .
however , on the day of my wedding nothing that was promised happened .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
what a disappointment !
gives your meal a great atmosphere .
perfect done for medium rare .
i highly recommend it !
would definitely recommend .
i deeply regret not doing my homework and reading the reviews beforehand .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
this is the premier contemporary art gallery in the city .
i am gluten free and checked the gf menu online .
the grimaldi 's staff were amazing !
two thumbs up !
good for groups with different tastes .
bad .
great ambiance .
i never got the transmission fixed so i gave it two stars .
whether you are looking to save time or money this is the place !
it 's good quality food , but on the pricy side !
the meat was so tender and flavorful .
the drinks are cheap , the service is good .
you can thank me later .
yes , do avoid this branch .
the service is also top notch !
we were really hungry so we ate it all up .
best ever !
my wife and i used to eat here regularly .
loved the patio area .
this owner really knows his wines .
chowder is watery but still full of flavor .
waited _num_ minutes for help , then said excuse me .
and she walked off .
totally disappointed in this hotel .
enjoy !
she absolutely did not go out of her way to help the customer .
it was hilarious and strange .
the cake was the best too !
my husband and i are locals and had frequented this restaurant in the past .
for the price the food was less than we anticipated .
a very nice resort spa with lots of the extras .
my brother and i went with friends and we all ordered different entrees .
the staff at his office were fun and pleasant .
its not that good if you ask me .
best green chile ever !
the receptionist are rude and impatient .
the scottsdale employees got it right .
delivery person was professional and courteous .
mediocre .
staff are friendly and responsive .
i would even day it 's borderline bad .
great experience !
then another _num_ goes by and the food comes out , fairly quickly .
food is very good .
today i had casey and she gave me an amazing massage .
tucked away this small place is packed with folks and i know why .
it was delicious !
if you do go , do n't get a salad .
the burgers are sooooo good !
zero seasoning and over cooked .
that is seriously irritating .
i also enjoy their generous complimentary salsa bar .
went here for one term , and would never do it again .
even on that standard , i give it a _num_ out of _num_ .
all very tasty .
the atmosphere is perfect for any special occasion !
oh i 'm sorry .
good ole thrifty ice cream and a smiling face too .
the store always seems dirty and the produce is always `` ugly '' .
definitely my favorite italian food in the old town area .
best find in scottsdale !
however , the lunch specials are a particularly good value .
no flavor , extremely bland .
it was small , quaint and reeked of donut glory .
the time spent there is a valuable learning experience .
good service .
five cars , _num_ minutes .
it was super awkward .
a half order is plenty and will amaze you .
cost was n't an issue for me in any way , shape or form .
fantastic pricing too !
this place was a nightmare !
nice wait staff .
outstanding .
place is definitely swanky !
skip this place .
this was n't the worst stay i have ever had in a hotel .
they charge for refills too !
best donuts ever .
i have n't gone to get my nails done in probably _num_ years .
the tequila shrimp on beans appetizer was a great starter to be shared .
it 's very clean and always busy .
i got a simple gel manicure very clean .
she looked like she just rolled out of bed .
best place ever !
great place to eat !
thanks guys !
this is a delicious burger !
delicious !
_num_ star auto gets a negative _num_ stars !
pretentious .
big disappointment .
where else do you get two sides with a great steak ?
food is good .
_num_ suicide , _num_ hot , and _num_ pineapple teriyaki .
thank you thank you thank you !
staff is slow , not familiar with things .
after i received my food , she was still inattentive .
the chips and salsa were good .
the service was fantastic and i would certainly recommend the scottsdale location .
located underground , its ambiance is cozy and inviting .
check it out for yourself to understand how glorious it really is !
did n't care for it .
too bad i took this to go and ate it at home .
i just was n't that impressed .
love , love , love this place !
certainly will not be going here !
prices are fair and the food is great .
having worked in many years in medicine , i know the difference !
all in all , mediocre and over-priced .
- you have to share a room .
do n't let the name and location fool you stay out !
now that i live _num_ minutes away , not so often .
she is hands down the best in my book for men 's cuts !
the chip and salsa were fresh and crisp .
they take care credit which helped with the costs .
did n't even eat half of my order .
is she not wanting to deal with me ?
the service is horrible .
this was not an _num_ and older pool .
the food was great but very tough to eat with plastic silverware .
but i do n't buy that it was a fluke .
this was a nice breakfast surprise .
wi-fi is not good .
my food was comped , got a $ _num_ gift card , left hungry .
they are a bit on the more expensive side , but still very good !
very clean .
great company !
if this had been our 1st visit we 'd never go back .
we had salad , pizza , wine , beer .
the beer i had was icy cold .
love salon tru !
called and left a message that the heater in my phoenix house had quit .
no smoking .
we have shopped her for years .
terrible service .
it would be nice if there was a nicer waiting area and better lighting .
so delicious and we shall return !
ok , so maybe i 'm coming off a bit strong here .
and they got great prices !
this place was fantastic .
even though they charge a $ _num_ resort fee .
then outdoor seating is great in the winter with several heaters .
the entrance is awkward and they are usually understaffed .
the hummus and eggplant and hummus combo are both fantastic .
meatballs to die for !
fabulous views of paradise valley !
not acceptable if you have the same standards i have .
even offered us a free piece of fried fish !
i really love their cornbread .
overall , i ca n't see any reason why i 'd eat here again .
this was just bad enough that i had to write a review .
great wine burgers too .
thanks manny for keeping the spirit alive !
thank you !
they did n't even realize he had passed until hours later .
first time i tried the cheesesteak it was garbage .
i would n't recommend going to this location .
the food was fresh and very flavorful .
food was okay ... atmosphere was cool but the service was the worst !
want pickles on your sandwich ?
it was definitely a good time and worth doing again .
great atmosphere in here .
the buffet is about _num_ feet long .
great food and chris , our server , was very attentive .
good pricing and there 's always coupons offered for next time .
so we walked over time frank & luke 's .
and again a cold piece of carmel crunch cake .
i 'm pissed .
so my advice , do not go here .
the drinks were very good .
james provides great customer service and alterations .
the doctors and staff are spectacular .
our greeting was less than friendly .
great mexican food , delivered .
the chile rellenos were made with cheddar cheese .
needless to say , i never heard back from them .
worst experience ever .
the best dive bar in scottsdale .
so we sit down for dinner -- and order drinks .
two small bites smothered in sauce .
therefore , no extra money was required .
everything was delicious here and the service was very nice .
an appointment was made for today between _num_ and 3pm .
alright i do n't complain about much ... no really !
the prices are fantastic .
fresh , farm to table type food .
the bread and salads are also tasty !
if it was busy , you could certainly never play pool .
food : we ordered queso , a breakfast burrito , and a bean burrito .
should be _num_ .
the gyro meal was terrible with no taste .
it did n't even smell good like a bakery should .
i have been wanting to go here for a while and finally went tonight .
trust me , it 's that good .
yeah , i have to agree , this place is consistently bad .
i have received several services here and each has been first rate .
the meats were skimpy , salty and flavorless .
i am really hoping people stop coming here so they can just close down .
( yup , you guessed it onions ) - see photos .
however there could be an improvement on their brunch items .
she was loud and did n't care that people were shopping .
this is the reason i will never go back .
no vegetarian choices , so-so side dishes .
friendly staff .
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !
be sure to check your food because there not !
i have always enjoyed the atmosphere .
i would give emily lopez my highest recommendation for all things hair !
once i find something i like , i stick with it .
if i could give a _num_ i would .
it was a little after _num_ p.m. and a ton of open tables .
why did they call and say my car was ready ?
thanks for making getting braces such a pleasant experience for my son .
the tzatziki sauce did n't taste right .
that being said , sometimes it 's good to specialize .
thanks yelp for helping me discover this place !
it 's my second home ... .
bowling is fun but they all are so dull and blah inside .
it was not anything special .
i will not be going there ever again .
i tip over _num_ percent and am not super picky .
terrible .
just got back from a great meal at blue adobe grille .
great staff .
amazing sandwiches !
i ended up with a repair bill of $ _num_ .
i called the manager afterwards to compliment kyle because he certainly deserved the recognition .
not even close .
the bartenders are great and always make you feel special .
_num_ days goes by ... no word .
this will definitely be our new go-to spot for lunch time deliveries .
this place is great .
what a great place .
no toilet paper .
the bartenders are pretty cool .
so much fun and great music !
the staff is beyond polite and friendly .
a great italian pizza joint .
the staff , management , cocktails , food , and atmosphere are exceptional !
during that last visit the service was so bad we wrote the place off .
i will be back !
this place is great !
great dining experience !
the food is amazing .
this is a great shop .
a great place to stay if you are visiting scottsdale !
amazing !
service is horrible .
all of the food that came out looked delicious .
we may even go back again before we leave scottsdale !
he recommended a & e automotive for a brake job that we needed .
was a very cold and unwelcoming experience for a first time customer .
terrible service .
the office staff is even worse .
the two people that we 're working were absolutely rude .
the schnitzel was perfectly prepared , with very light breading .
if they thought about their customers they would be more diligent about sanitation .
i really blame management for this .
but do not eat entree 's .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .
they did a great job and i am happy .
best italian food i have had .
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !
this is one of my favorite dive bars in the area .
i mentioned it to the manager and she agreed .
that 's the only part that was n't wrong !
it looked like it had cheese on top .
customer service was not so good .
he was so rude and condescending .
the street people and homeless were loud and rude .
however , with this run of poor service , i will never go back .
thin and chewy should not go together for pizza crust .
this place is absolutely fantastic !
people who work here are good at what they do and are very pleasant .
i had a sandwhich ... it was pretty good as well .
they were quick , nice , professional , and affordable .
and the assorted dishes around the table all looked fantastic .
i was pretty pissed .
my rating is based off of food quality .
i had the lamb shank and it was incredible !
this store has beautiful , high quality jewlery .
super friendly staff !
and they are all consistent in taste .
the staff is incredibly high maintenance and obnoxious .
superior office staff ; friendly and accommodating .
when did crown plaza put their names on sub par accommodations .
great service , great staff , very friendly .
i highly recommend them !
the restaurant is beautiful and our waitress was very friendly .
this place is a ton of fun .
this is a nice place to live .
at the end her nails looked awful .
this place has become a family tradition with my wife and i .
we are regulars and love the staff !
an easy five stars .
she 's just not very bright .
tortilla soup and carne asada best !
to top it off , my over easy eggs were over hard .
overall service was excellent .
i had no idea one could find mexican food this disappointing in arizona .
what a great find .
and oh yeah , it takes _num_ mins to get here from north scottsdale .
we dine here as often as possible .
my chai latte was pale and very close to the hue of milk .
show up early as this place is popular !
to their credit the food wait time was short .
definitely recommend .
so ... i will keep her a secret !
do n't waste your $ $ going here !
i 've heard they are easy to run in to ) .
love the coffee too .
there are around five entrees , rice and noodles .
very impressed .
weak .
_num_ minutes later , still ignored .
why do it matter if the place was pretty empty ?
this place is great !
wonderful .
the food all has a weird taste and the fountain sodas taste like mold .
chelsea , the store manager , has exceptional customer service skills .
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .
every one working there are friendly and prompt .
denver open one up .
tip : go on monday 's for all day happy hour !
i love this place .
it is a little divey but that charm attracts only the best crowds .
she clearly paid attention to detail and did a wonderful job on my nails .
overpriced dirty units with old inefficient appliances .
recommended spot in old town !
i would n't recommend taking your vehicle to this location for any reason .
the employees are always super friendly .
fast friendly service with quick refills on the excellent chips and fire roasted salsa .
i do n't understand why this place has good reviews .
is great and gives you a taste of everything .
everything we ordered was terribly slow to come .
she gave me the perfect cut !
this is still the best pei wei in the valley .
their wine selection , by the way , is very good and reasonably priced .
cheap beer and good people watching ... fun place for a saturday afternoon !
great place for kids ... .
food was good , reasonably priced .
air conditioner was loud when it came on and the refrigerator was noisy .
super clean and well organized store , and it 's not all mystery !
the bacon is perfect and their sandwiches are delicious on bread or a bagel .
stopped by after the game and what a treat !
great store , very well managed .
wow !
i have to agree with shannon w this time .
loved the patio !
the persian room is excellent in all aspects .
trevor was charming , polite , and helpful ... an awesome server !
excellent find !
the patio is great to people watch .
good sushi ( not great ) .
the dill sauce is also amazing .
great show !
i ordered a seaweed salad , medium sashimi combo , and an iced tea .
i love these guys !
this place is trying a bit too hard to be trendy .
i hated this place .
so good !
every bite was overwhelmingly unbearable .
was n't gon na see how long it would take for another one .
huge fan !
love shopping here .
great service , even better food .
i highly recommend giving this place a look and asking for christine !
this is a must for pancakes .
grimaldi 's is one of my top pizza places in scottsdale .
i heard good things about this place so i stopped in for a pedicure .
this is a honest , quality company that understands customer service .
my friend said it was not good at all .
the bar staff inside was very friendly and a pleasure to be around .
so this booth sat empty until he got here .
the woman helping me seemed miserable .
yet another cool store that has now disappeared from the face of the planet .
i felt sick from the nasty hollandaise so we got the check and left .
the chocolate was creamy and full of flavor .
excellent service in a friendly , family atmosphere .
so we probably had paid more than $ _num_ dollars in vet bills here .
i recommend this place to anyone who enjoys authentic italian deli style sandwiches .
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .
dinner has always been superb on my visits .
no ac in the `` restaurant '' during the summer .
i buy all my supplies there and recommend them to all my clients .
this is just a typical greasy spoon hole .
they hardly had any merchandise as well .
the apple strudel was delicious as well .
there are dozens of better places in old town and scottsdale in general .
definitely a good hangout place !
we chose to skip desert .
pretty not bad !
the staff there is always so friendly .
the toilet was loose .
leasing process and service was excellent .
big disappointment .
really is that who you want to run your restaurant ?
i will be back !
everything is amazing .
i was very pleased by everyone !
came here on a saturday night with _num_ coworkers on a work trip .
me and my family come for dinner about 2x a month .
no salad .
very affordable price .
please do not waste your money .
was n't greeted , just looked at .
surprisingly the beans were the best part even though they were not great .
our waitress was super nice and cute .
and i travel all over and i am always in search of great food .
i 'm sorry , but never again .
maria the manager is a horrible person .
the amenities dr. wright provides for his patients make visits fun .
the food was flavorful , hot and tasted very fresh .
also have a fun game room that little kids would like a lot .
no chips available on weekdays .
but the price is still very reasonable .
everything is inexpensive and the atmosphere is fun .
the bill was way too high for such mediocre food .
it 's a tough area !
great salon in old town .
i love el sol !
honest , reliable and trustworthy .
my boyfriend said , `` let 's just get out of here .
second and third were terrible !
fuck it .
the waiter was bored and too busy chatting with fellow waiters .
carl is awesome , and does it at a great price .
i walked in and there was no greeter .
the marina sauce was so good , just what i wanted .
the menudo was bland and the services was awful .
i love how there 's still a nightly special even when happy hour ends .
it has a great patio , but it 's pretty small inside .
taste is good and the atmosphere is relaxing .
the fish was overcooked , and the other flavors blended into a mush .
love this place , great thai food .
the food and cake tasted amazing and our guests even requested seconds !
would love to stay here again !
the food was delicious !
oops is not an acceptable answer .
the food was delivered after _num_ hour and _num_ minutes .
um yeah i am almost _num_ and my buddy just turned _num_ .
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .
but i love a meatball sub .
fantastic service .
my experience was bad .
i was a little disappointed !
but irish pub , you are kidding me .
the neighbors are generally pretty quiet and friendly .
great place for the $ .
next time , try to get into the website earlier to get real seats !
did n't see it .
thank you guys great jobs well done !
now there was no way to get _num_ drives in before may 9th .
they said they would check and call me back .
i really should 've given the dish back .
they stuffed it with scallops , crab , and of course stuffing .
made the mistake of not reading them before hand .
it 's super retro and a great place to hang out .
i was glad to see the volleyball courts where going in _num_ degrees .
i have been going to grazie on and off for at least _num_ years .
i had the belgian waffle and it was amazing !
the mini mushroom dish was amazing , as well !
boy you must be so proud !
also , friendly and personable staff .
the waitress at the end also tried to overcharge us .
she snapped back that i would be getting a credit .
the boots were `` spray painted '' not repaired .
completely disappointing disgusting experience .
told me he could replace the battery , but would n't set the calendar .
the outside patio is nice and cozy .
their burgers are $ _num_ and up and are not that great .
mellow music , great patio , great service !
consistently delicious food and reasonable prices .
no problem with the food here , just the service .
very friendly .
fixed with one _num_ cent screw .
they refused to even correct the problem even though it was n't our fault .
the prices are quite reasonable too !
highly recommend high country comfort !
room _num_ this time .
such a cute little spot in downtown mesa .
total fan !
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
wow , just left this place after a staycation at the westin kierland .
i ordered shrimp tempura they arrived soggy .
this is our favorite resort in the scottsdale area .
what is so wrong with me getting a _num_ day pass ?
place really sucks .
very fresh , very reasonably priced .
steaks are superb .
definitely recommend this place .
love it .
the garlic bread given out individually with the water is delicious .
man , that was a disaster !
drinks always stay full and food tastes great !
after i realized she was serious , i was irritated .
sadly we never have room for dessert , but i hear its amazing !
today i went , and very much enjoyed the experience .
almost everything was very poor .
the tuna tartare and calamari were also outstanding .
we walked in at around 11pm on a wednesday .
the lobby is contemporary with plenty of seating and a cute little gift shop .
tim works behind the bar and is quick with your order .
very very rude owner and bouncer .
dam what a waste of $ _num_ !
north scottsdale location is terrible !
the cafe is cute and always very clean .
i asked _num_ times for the tortillas ... that never came .
great staff and excellent happy hour !
great food .
i really like this studio .
thank you baker wee for making it perfect !
i like to come in here and write songs while i eat .
the grilled vegetable platter was just o.k .
i spent $ _num_ and was promised a full clean in and out .
i recommend this place like bottled water in mexico .
not good , not bad , just fine .
one of the top two home decor stores in the phoenix area .
the service here has always been good and the staff is friendly .
do not go to this zipps on a saturday night .
when i went to the restroom , i noticed that it was quite filthy .
overall a great experience .
i have fun every time i come .
i ordered the broasted chicken which was excellent !
my stomach did not accept any of this food .
the staff is excellent and the atmosphere is elegant but casual .
a great place to start off an evening in scottsdale .
and i love mexican food .
she comes back five min later with the wrong drink .
love their food !
the staff has always been friendly and the service very decent .
wow !
phenomenal mexican food .
everything was delicious !
totally tasteless .
great cars & awesome food vendors .
great deal for just $ _num_ at bandera .
i do n't understand the line to get into this place .
we 'll definitely be back again to this valley classic .
this is why i gave it _num_ stars .
great service , honest and good prices .
if you 're looking for amazing , authentic indian cuisine , this is it !
horrible customer service !
delectable and thoroughly enjoyable and unique !
yikes , i give this place _num_ stars .
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .
he is technically perfect , quick , and a totally nice person .
i would never stay their again .
i want to be in a learning environment with people who care , too .
my husband had the banana nut cakes and also loved them .
our food was average , tasted like what you can make at home .
they were cold and soggy .
when i got my order , i recieved breaded wings .
i 'll keep coming back and i 'll recommend others go there as well .
i wo n't go back .
the green salsa was a sweet salsa , very tasty .
all the negative reviews were correct !
the office is run very well and by a friendly , highly competent staff .
it then takes turn to server other items .
pricy , upscale splurge .
ordered _num_ california burritos and it was disgusting .
absolutely wonderful ladies !
they have great prices and honest service .
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .
chips and salsa were delicious and margaritas too !
_num_ reviews & this place has _num_ stars ?
the margaritas , i am sure , are made from a mix .
everyone was awesome and we felt so welcomed !
they have great pricing and very good quality sushi .
if you want an enjoyable evening out with friends , go elsewhere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
on a consistent basis .
chicken done nicely , but could have used a little more of the chutney .
the green chile pork dish was very tasty as well .
absolutely fantastic staff .
they only have _num_ taps and _num_ of those are bud .
service was good and it 's low key and delish !
wine is reasonably priced and the food was amazing .
love , love , love this deli in my neighborhood .
happened to me personally _num_ times .
do n't get me wrong , i appreciate a free meal .
i had a meeting of _num_ people and we took the back corner .
the chicken flavor is very very good .
it 's a good place to eat with the price they offer .
try a different restaurant instead .
i guess that 's a good thing .
yes , delicious as everyone has yelped .
best hummus in the world .
i love their ice , so clean and clear .
this place is fast and easy to get food from .
great staff .
incredibly arrogant person if you ask me .
awesome pizza !
the biggest lacking feature is the most important - the rooms .
keep up the good work !
all in all re do it change this _num_ 's look .
great business !
they were out of napkins and ketchup .
the food is ordinary ... no comparison to the capital grille or others .
but were not in italy and expect more sauce on our food .
the experience just is n't enjoyable enough to warrant it .
drinking smoking pot !
very friendly management and staff .
he was gone for _num_ minutes .
then he told me i needed to come look for my stuff .
update my last few trips caused me to stop coming here .
this one was definitely the worst they have ever made for me .
worst las vegas roll i 've ever had .
not for picky eaters !
always great food and drink specials served by a very friendly staff !
had to pay an additional $ _num_ .
now i must wait _num_ days to get my money back .
when i need new tires i will definitely be going back .
service was impeccable .
i will continue to come eat here !
i am sad to say i will never go back .
we will definitely be back to this location .
brandy did my hair and she did a great job .
what a great little dive bar !
the traditional style course and the $ _num_ price was nice .
week _num_ ) no tv !
we would recommend him to other animal lovers !
needless to say i will never be returning here again .
he is such a rude jerk .
the bathroom was nothing short of 3rd world .
love this place !
i 'm so impressed .
the staff is always very helpful and very courteous .
five stars for delightful service and very good food .
even the chips seemed stale .
the steak fajitas were great along with the half pitcher of margarita .
i also like the gift shop .
just a rude curt get out of my way kind of attitude .
i 've loved everyone of them .
no suggestions or assistance was offered .
my kids love seeing him .
but i 'd rather drive or go elsewhere , emergency or not .
good food fair price !
their customer service is awful as well they do n't help .
very clean , good portions , fresh , served fast .
been coming here for years and loved it every time .
great atmosphere !
the most common problem i 've had here is getting sauce for my nuggets .
great place to eat !
the crust was extremely hard and the pizza wasnt hot at all .
a great find in the scottsdale area .
great flavor and portions .
service was unapologetic but good enough .
he really loves red lobster .
we love this restaurant !
food was decent , way overpriced for the size of the portion .
while there my boyfriend was pushed from behind .
this place was wonderful .
razz was beyond friendly !
i love to shop here .
you ca n't beat the price and the guys that work here are honest !
this place is amazing !
the service is great and the staff is extremely friendly and welcoming .
if i could give less than _num_ star i would .
lots of great clothes .
she recommended this place and they hd everything .
absolutely loved our stay .
and doing a poor job of it .
it was fabulous !
my pedicure looks amazing !
i will definitely go back again soon .
great spot .
i love the feel of the restaurant .
our food at bandera was excellent and the service was top-notch .
he does n't come cheap - but he 's worth every penny .
he could n't even finish his beer .
extremely good selection or native art and jewelry !
the food is amazing and the ambiance is really cool .
this gem of a breakfast joint is tucked into the chandler air park .
its really affordable and the staff is really friendly .
his amount of years gives shows on his thorough all assessment of his patients .
horrible mistake .
first thing he did n't find was an oil pan leak .
kind of pricey .
food was not worth returning for .
tonight 's visit was the perfect way to celebrate my wife 's birthday .
seriously the best deli in arizona !
not good !
i first step in the store it reeks of monkey balls lol .
you get a ton of food , and the prices are very reasonable .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !
if the boot still can not be located , he will ask for compensation .
after over an hour and a couple drinks i never even got my food .
had a few of the happy hour menu items .
i have no problem with that .
wow !
food is watered down , greasy , soggy , and bland .
nonetheless , i will be back as it was very good .
fun stuff .
highly recommend them !
for now , there 's nothing to bring me back .
we complained to the servers repeatedly and to the management with no positive results .
the mushrooms were nice and the cheese sauce was really good too .
no stars for the drinks , the food , and the price .
great view of the restaurant .
they take good care of regulars , especially at happy hour .
really small and cozy .
hot and full of flavor !
the sushi was really yummy and the service was pretty good .
there is no excuse for this .
we arrived on a sunday evening , there were _num_ other tables seated .
the tortillas are always fresh and soft .
we love this park !
easily some of the best italian food i 've had .
we are super happy you have brand new karaoke djs on friday and saturday .
damn good .
i must say this place is pretty good !
the parking lot is horribly lit , very dirty .
the chicken burritos we ordered were a disappointment .
if you want a good , consistent meal then cindy 's is your place .
never again ... if they had a _num_ star i would give it .
good beer selection , both on draft and in bottles .
it was a work of art !
perfect for lunch or a casual dinner .
the staff are also wonderful and very friendly .
what a disappointment .
my wife loves the lobster ravioli with sunrise sauce .
she seemed very busy and likely did n't have the support she needed .
did i mention the food is actually good ?
very rude overall , will not use them again .
the staff was beyond nice .
noisy beyond belief .
i love my new hair !
this place is maybe mediocre .
stop by & see for yourself !
the food was filling and made a good start to the day .
not so much .
i was thoroughly impressed .
i would give zero stars if i could .
but both were mediocre .
your drink promotions and great food make your place the complete package !
good service and prices keep us coming back .
im not brave enough yet .
a true pool hall !
with reservation , arriving on time , we waited _num_ min to be seated .
nothing special here .
one of the best treatments i 've had .
but my experience at this particular store was just terrible .
i threw over half my sandwich away .
delicious .
talk about hidden gem .
so far , so good .
just employees too busy chatting .
good , fast and inexpensive mexican food .
i decided to visit this location as i was already headed to whole foods .
simply blimpie for fresh slice subs !
looked more like an app than entree .
thanks for the great service !
our waiter was awesome , very good attention .
not my kind of place .
i came here for happy hour and left a happy camper .
always smiling and nice !
warm and welcoming when you enter the place .
great prices and awesome access to source to high quality meat .
bull crap .
it seems to get worse each time i give it another try .
very caring , helpful , knowledgeable and respectful .
see you all next year .
well i 'm home sick and they are the only place that delivers here .
great margaritas .
_num_ cents more .
the entire time our waitress was never there , never refilled our drinks .
very poor experience .
i should just punch myself in the junk before walking in here .
waited for _num_ minutes for them to get a table ready .
it was a great meal , we will be back .
the presentation of the food on the plate as well was perfect .
and fixed the washer in _num_ minutes .
they are very quick with your goods !
went to pick up and it was ready and great customer service again .
i consider myself an outstanding cook with pretty good judgement .
their office is first class as well .
i was completely impressed with the the selection and sales staff .
best breakfast in scottsdale , az period !
just dry tacos , cold beans and so-so rice .
decided on grotto because of the reviews but could n't be disappointed more .
dr. diana is a very kind and understanding and helpful person .
my food was not hot at all so i had to send it back .
i did not like the hairdresser at all .
highly recommend !
love my latest color and highlights .
, but the curry itself was a disaster .
decor is cool too .
not a big deal , do n't attack the customer .
i figured the _num_ stars were just people being cheap well i was wrong .
this place was super disgusting before the remodel so we avoided .
will go again in the future for sure !
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !
i was very sick the night after .
do n't waste you time and money going to european cleaners !
i literally live _num_ mins from this place .
fantastic and very friendly service .
never got an apology from him , nothing .
i do n't want an apology just attentive professional service .
never brought drinks needed to remind them four times for silverware ?
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .
tonight however , was the final straw .
worst customer service ever .
this restaurant is always freezing cold and dirty .
highly recommended .
this is one of my favorite restaurants in the valley .
as a parent , my joy was watching my kids have fun .
what a waste of money .
played here last week and thoroughly enjoyed it course .
really good and quite surprising given the location .
worst sushi ive had in arizona !
it 's good , quality , big pizza for a fair price .
now they call me _num_ days later to confirm the appointment !
they are fair , inexpensive and the best .
it was watery and flavorless , it needed garlic and salt !
not even for the price was it good food .
truly fast quality service !
overall , it met our expectations .
they are great !
the food did not take long at all to arrive .
great location with wonderful staff and management !
apparently they are too busy to bother with a small job .
fantastic food and always a great menu .
great location at the end of the line of the light rail .
also a great place for the over sized items .
nice people .
the egg rolls were burnt , tasted like they had been refried .
yum !
we always return .
i 've only gone here twice but i really love this ice cream parlor .
unfortunately , this location has some serious issues .
needless to say i wo n't be back .
how is that my problem that you are low on inventory ?
two papers printed i was only given one .
my dad got an egg combo plate ... same low quality food .
met up here with some friends who were in town visiting .
lately they have really been falling apart .
tip the singer please !
will definitely return !
thank you all so much for making it as pleasant and painless as possible !
honestly , we would have been better off waiting an hour for that place .
like the money we spent there is nothing .
great open ambiance , with outdoor seating as well .
the food was excellent , reasonably priced and quickly served .
_num_ out of _num_ , would not eat here again .
highly recommend roasted chicken or the enchiladas .
love this place .
they are so beautiful and such high quality !
score !
food and service was superb .
love the pizza and wings !
it is a casual place , which suits us just fine .
the menu is huge , so many items from which to chose .
i highly recommend papago for a low key night out with friends !
nicely appointed little restaurant with a great menu .
i really enjoy this place .
i love their rosemary bread !
coffee and waitstaff were great and the hostess was a doll .
but i have given it several tries and i just ca n't recommend it .
i always get their brooklyn family pizza and add fresh garlic to it .
the bar manager , jack , was extremely friendly and personable .
methinks not is completely an accurate statement .
tried today and food hardly edible and cold .
i recommend them !
second time , not so good .
i highly recommended the cove !
all the meats and cheeses and sausage are great here .
great food even better ambiance .
good job .
this is a horrible venue .
and ... posted hours are not a suggestion , they 're your working hours .
no updates on the order , no apologies for the delay .
it 's also in a very nice location .
this time the food was awful !
good food and the new ambiance is nice .
one of my new fave pizza places .
the appetizers were great .
everyone was very happy with their orders .
the patio is excellent for beer drinking and hanging with friends .
the alcohol is on a `` honor system '' .
beer selection is terrific !
worst experience ever at a restaurant/bar !
the staff is always so nice .
they should feel dirty at the way they sell a car .
they are extremely helpful and the people are very nice and knowledgeable .
i will be a customer here until i move !
my brother got one and it looked great .
the women who work at the store were nice and very helpful .
but every thing they serve is amazing .
thanks again tony !
rude customer service is never a good idea .
everything was tasty , well seasoned , and come with salsa .
family operated and you can tell !
thank you for helping me stick to a healthy diet .
air conditioned & great prices !
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .
like sticky dough , uncooked .
perfectly moist , with lots of flavor , and not too sweet .
their water tastes great .
their technicians are incompetent and dishonest .
always perfectly cooked !
this place is a good escape in the scottsdale scene .
i would not recommend this hotel to anyone .
the problem is i have eaten here four times in two years .
horrible is being nice .
the service is great .
there is outdoor seating which is nice during certain times of the year .
my custom sub box .
then she brought over a basket of toasted thin sliced bagels and rye bread .
their patio is one of the best in the east valley .
not child friendly !
if i could give zero stars i would .
the chicken nuggets were processed chicken and mediocre at best .
the sound quality sucks and the shows are expensive .
excellent service .
i was furious with the lack of customer service .
does n't matter anyway , this place is now permanently closed .
i 'll definitely be back .
sweet and sour combo and i found it to be of low quality .
was very disappointed by the customer service .
and it still smells weird .
serve cooked eggs cold .
the staff is always pleasant , and helpful .
really yummy fajitas here with a excellent appearance .
after dinner , they brought use this sweet banana fried dessert .
it was very tasty , with lots of fresh veggies done the right way .
very bad company to go to for anything !
great ambiance inside or outside .
robin 's husband mostly enjoyed the wide selection of draft beer .
we will definitely be back !
cheap prices .
( i did n't even know she had a yelp account ! )
the food is fresh and tasty !
had a nice time on the lake .
very professional .
good job !
judge a book by its cover .
this happened to me not _num_ minutes ago .
highly recommend .
the courtyard is an excellent place to relax when the weather is nice .
nasty !
for some odd reason i ordered chicken parm .
my coat was bagged and i paid the $ _num_ .
rick ( a really cool and attractive ) female bartender ... is sadly missed .
staff is tops !
best happy hour ever !
everything was delicious .
thanks tom !
this place made my trip to scottsdale worth it .
their food is great , everything is fresh .
very cool .
this is not very american .
calzone was full of ricotta and cheese .
the problem was with me .
great place for a date .
they are the best music store on the planet !
could n't find the meat .
we split the tuna - so good !
excellent meal !
make no mistake about it .
too many better stores out there .
someone needs to train their answering service how to speak to potential clients .
not all diamonds are created equal , far from it .
pool table , shuffle board and lovely ladies dancing on the bar .
we were n't feeling good after lunch !
the food is good .
it was delicious .
the iced tea was too strong .
very poorly managed .
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .
but the sales associate repeatedly told us the problem was our budget .
service was exceptional !
the dining room has a really charming dcor with a cozy and romantic ambiance .
nice , hip staff .
we had already been to happy hour so were not interested in dinner .
very happy with this place .
everyone was staring at me and it was extremely embarrassing .
brad is a life saver .
i had shredded beef ... tasteless , not seasoned .
a full set takes at least _num_ - _num_ minutes .
it made me pretty sick .
i would really recommend this restaurant .
it is hilarious .
i wish i would have eaten the taco first and skipped the bean burrito .
he did n't offer that i could get another , he demanded .
i love sushi , but try to avoid the ra sushi restaurants .
three shrimp , and three scallops .
do not go to this company .
all-around excellent experience .
the food is some of the best food i 've ever eaten .
it 's a great little stop for a quick drink .
good crust & flavor .
great pizza !
i ordered my wedding cake through baker wee .
awesome !
these two women are professionals .
i enjoyed being there and really liked my hair .
the hummus was delicious .
all around great service , would definitely recommend mark kia !
this butcher shop is so wonderful .
i love this place !
if i could give it a negative star i would in a heartbeat !
all in all a great place .
love the atmosphere and the way they treat their regulars .
it might as well not even have been there .
wanted about _num_ min for the owner before i left .
i liked the irish coffee stout .
very good food .
service is terrible .
great prices and always amazing food !
service was top notch and customer service is a huge deal to this location .
salty canned clam sauce .
chicken lo mein and fried rice was really good .
the gym was well equipped as well .
great drinks and a family owned business .
the price is reasonable .
ra in scottsdale has gone down hill slowly ever since the owners sold out .
they deliver and and i have also picked up or eaten there .
it is in a really cramped area .
i 'll try five brothers next door instead .
terrible call .
and it was n't immediate either .
but do n't try this at home ... i am a trained professional !
nick was very nice and helpful and the price that we got was great .
i would absolutely recommend chandler auto body to friends and family .
cash only business , no mention of this on website .
the black beans were inedible and the rice was microwaved and obviously quite old .
their red salsa was spicy and addicting .
what a wonderful dining experience !
tough to access this location with a big truck and trailer though .
they truly care about their furry patients as well as the pet parents .
thanks again rick and pam .
rude .
this is the only restaurant i have watched someone get sick in .
as i cut into the chicken it did n't cut like normal chicken .
she was beyond friendly and helpful .
i took a male coworker there and was almost embarrassed .
we love the food and the service is excellent !
i wo n't be back .
i always preferred pizza hut over any other franchise pizza place .
good deals !
convenient most of time , but probably the worse grocery store ever to visit .
it 's so expensive for an unappetizing sundae .
the pecan wood they fire it in makes for an amazing flavor .
the place is packed and tons of ppl coming in and out ordering food .
they have the best pizza and wings .
we were wrong .
i like that they let you bring your pets in with you as well !
do you need more pain meds ? '
little did i know that wait time was for me .
all items were excellent , and affordable .
green flannel is really tasty but you must like spicy !
the owner refuses to return calls and does n't care about customers at all !
service is efficient and the restaurant is in a great location too .
i love their fresh juices as well .
the tech could n't get my gel polish off .
when i got there the place was absolutely packed !
the pizza here is just not very good .
the staff is nice sometimes .
it just was n't a positive experience .
the bad thing is the management and owners do not care .
he 's worked on my teeth for years and i 've always been happy .
my bad .
$ _num_ for _num_ slices .
the food , good .
our waitress was very nice and attentive .
super prices !
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .
on site restaurants were great .
so you know it was probably pretty bad !
outstanding food for a decent price .
food and service were outstanding .
terrific company - terrific employees !
my company often orders breakfast to go from the breakfast club for store meetings .
even though there was food left in all .
he asked for no tomatoes and it was covered in tomatoes .
the tortillas were stale , cold , and awful .
staff are always friendly and helpful .
pool area is nice and waitress is there when you need her .
overall , this is a decent place to go .
no bedside manners at all .
this is by far my favorite sushi place .
this place is awful , the food is also awful .
if i could , i would give zero stars !
however , the meal was absolutely tasteless .
my chicken was bland and red in the middle and my rice was cold .
it is all amazing , good portions for the price !
ick ick ick .
this place is just eh in my book .
service is really slow .
awkward line set up if you just want an ice cream cone .
found them to be honest and reasonably priced .
the bacon was obviously pre-made and cold .
so much drama and disrespect over something that costs the theater maybe $ _num_ !
do not use their new online service !
you can eat as many as you want !
the staff is very friendly and knows me by name .
excellent shop where i have been going for _num_ plus years .
i 'm a regular at this place , and for very good reason .
been there twice and my eggs were gray .
no drinks , appetizers , etc .
anyway , then she saw my credit card which was a southwest credit card .
love tony for my nails and lisa for my toes and eye brows !
great place clean inside !
i eat here at least once a month .
we did n't have a very good experience at razz 's .
i have recommended my friends and co workers to come to this place .
i needed some leather repair work done and everyone was friendly and very helpful .
she sounded like she could care less also .
i ordered vegetable fajitas and there was minimal flavor .
now he just waits in our driveway until i get home .
man was i wrong .
wings were good .
great restaurant in old town scottsdale .
the food was all perfectly cooked .
do not go anywhere near this shop with your vehicle .
this is really the best place to get burritos in the east valley .
i will definitely be coming back here .
the main thing that made me round down to _num_ stars was the price .
rude employees too .
always great variety , fun junk to look through and the occasional find !
as a phoenix resident , i was personally embarrassed by the service .
awesome wait staff , delicious food and really strange atmosphere .
so good and has a little kick to it .
food was delicious .
the miso soup was very salty and fishy .
i took my dog there for grooming & they neglected her in their care .
will come again whenever we crave fish and chip !
they have the most amazing dates that i have ever had .
overall , the store is great , and i plan on returning .
great customer service , lots of plants , cactus and the most amazing pottery .
she does a fabulous job with hair color .
the service sucked !
finally were able to order and the food was pretty good .
less like pee than it used to , but still not good .
staff and the ride were terrific .
great range .
ann & her team are like a member of our family .
the food is pretty standard takeout , a little bland for the most part .
great spot and highly recommend !
worth the wait though !
i had a beautiful wedding service at the wright house last may .
no take away .
horrible experience .
maybe i came on a bad night .
the portions were large and extremely tasty .
this is by far some of the worst german food i 've tasted .
we spent six years in southern cali , and about two years in arizona .
the beer selection is amazing , with dozens of beers on draft .
she was not attentive to our needs at all .
they always remember us when we come in .
great place to hang out if you want to have a great time .
this place is awful !
fun evening !
these ladies in here are absolutely wonderful !
i absolutely love the bar area .
the music was lovely and not intrusive .
i took one bite and it was the worst chili i had ever had !
great friendly people .
second , the layout on two holes is dangerous .
brought my friend to the er .
the service and food was amazing .
no service , no consideration for guest .
my husbands meal had the same problems no seasoning and boiled vegetables .
a special place , as l and i had our first date here .
i 'll just stick with zipps for wings and burgers .
the museum has interesting information and artifacts from scottsdale 's early years .
my kiddo had friends after the first day !
ca n't even use my wifi here in peace !
customer service is a joke .
good food very reasonable prices .
i ordered the veggie fajitas burrito and the fajita veggies were barely cooked .
they are usually super fast about it also , and reasonably priced .
everyone is always willing to help .
i was very impressed with their service and quality work .
_num_ month later its full again .
there was no one at the front .
the hotel was very clean and quite .
we got a few and they were all amazing .
it is easily one of the best kept secrets in chandler .
the nail stylist , erica , was great !
one thing that always strikes me is how good the condition is .
our waiter did n't even offer his apologies .
shame on the grotto !
it 's that bad .
rude staff .
and they have special prices for happy hour .
of the cheesy ( pun intended ) service from the female server .
it was okay but nothing special .
knowledge of medicine fail .
i look forward to a stay in the future !
it was so fresh it cracked open when cutting into it .
our waiter was just kinda weird .
this place has great food .
of the six picky eaters in the office , everyone liked the food .
most of the food was bland .
this was realized after the meal was over , making my stomach turn .
tech was on vacation , so could n't get someone out until august .
the staff was great - very friendly and very honest .
both were very tasty and prepared very well .
amanda is awesome !
very very cool .
about these issues after checking with derek - no call !
service was and always is amazing .
whoever made it tonight , please keep them around !
the prime rib was tasteless and the ribs were tough and dry .
of meat ... ... this was a $ _num_ .
chips & salsa only free the first round .
a group of came here and the food was amazing .
i absolutely enjoyed their cheese steak sandwiches .
good prices and good service .
this place is dishonest !
the wedge salad is a classic steakhouse favorite and recommended .
they are seriously overpriced and painful to work with .
the salmon was perfectly cooked .
i 've always been disappointed with the level of service and quality of food .
i am glad i di not get any appointment with this group .
i love this place .
finally found it unfortunately !
much of what other yelpers has written is true .
i would not have tipped generously .
the worst .
i love the karaoke there !
not only offensive but over the top rude .
the people who work there are so so so so so rude .
okay , it 's lunchtime , and you are shopping in downtown scottsdale .
i hate dr. pepper , threw it away .
their house band with friends was great .
we planned on just letting him know what happened and we were disappointed .
love this place !
their batter is not very good at all .
you can expect excellent service provided by a friendly staff .
my advice is to get more staff , especially on the weekends .
that 's _num_ plate every _num_ minutes .
a/c goes out during the summer at least once a week .
my fettuccine alfredo was delicious .
also , i kept seeing so many servers standing around shooting the shit .
super nachos with machaca , fantastic !
made the mistake of eating here twice .
the beef and chicken tastes almost the same .
the atmosphere is cool and relaxed .
also the massage chairs are great !
best pancakes i have ever had .
burger and salmon were both over cooked ; third entre presentation was blah .
after _num_ months i lost my cool and they transferred me to the corporate .
great service !
their mission statement really should n't say ... .
as others have said , security sucks , and the bathrooms are gross .
this course is challenging and the conditions are great .
very pretty dining room .
the salad was fresh a crunchy !
it was , in one word , a disaster .
yucky !
i should have sent it back , i am upset that i did n't .
we loved it !
i highly recommend cook dental to anyone looking for a great dentist .
our waiter , nick , was very helpful and made good suggestions .
great service and response time on a saturday !
impact was very professional and friendly .
i had skin cancer - diagnosed and operated on by physicians at mayo .
salads served with the entree were boring and even the dressing could not help .
the captain was nice and cindy of course was great .
star _num_ : would you eat here every day if you could ?
the best part was everyone was so nice , friendly and helpful .
took over _num_ min to get awful , cold food .
this is an outstanding mexican restaurant !
no star granted .
service was great , food was delicious and the atmosphere was enjoyable .
because of this treatment , i will never buy another bmw product .
it was awful .
one for dinner and the other for lunch the next day .
this place is just awful .
love this place !
my older dog cleared up , but the puppy continued to cough .
my fiancee and i visited this new establishment after watching a movie at amc .
mad love for this place !
not professional at all !
great ma and pa shop .
everything here rocks !
omg it took over _num_ minutes to get our food .
sadly it never does !
awesome food .
family owned and operated and it 's all hands on deck !
got major attitude from the owners waitress .
they keep adding to it each year .
many thanks cindy and bob .
burger , fries , and a beer for $ _num_ every tuesday .
i had the chilean sea bass and it was divine .
great dr !
delicious , flavorful , thin crust pizza with a wonderful pizzeria ambiance .
great service , nice little family place .
anyway , the potatoes were left .
disappointing food , little high priced for what you get .
i have never felt so unwelcome in a business .
the food was delicious .
_num_ ) not inexpensive .
another huge disappointment .
this guy , i 'm guessing the manager is rude and very unprofessional .
fuck , i 'll just buy the ticket anyway .
are you kidding me ?
love this place .
i highly recommend this place .
i love it .
the bed and pillows were hard and uncomfortable !
friendly , knowledgeable staff will help you find the right one .
our whole family gets so excited when we dine there .
their plants are healthy and they guarantee your purchase .
they have great food !
i had the three taco plate and the salsa tasted amazing .
the scenery on the lake is breathtaking .
the wine list is only fair .
i needed a simple inspection and was treated with world class customer service !
great food !
blue cheese stuffed olives ... amazing .
this kind of veterinary care is unacceptable and careless by my standards .
they do n't have a drop box for rent .
unbelievable !
highly recommend and we will certainly be back !
their chicken tortilla soup is one of the best i 've ever had .
service as very good and timely .
beautiful people all around .
the bacon is awesome !
they lost there _num_ % tip i wo n't be coming back !
i highly recommend this grill to anyone in the scottsdale area !
worth coming by .
however , while the food is decent enough , it 's overpriced .
bland and basic .
looks like i 'm never coming back .
staff has a `` team '' approach so everything moved efficiently .
they are always friendly and understanding .
the hostess said wait while i check the tables and never came back .
the stetson chopped salad is a must !
not a good thing .
i 've never been to any place like this one .
would give _num_ stars if i could .
so not impressed .
i was annoyed , but ate it anyway .
it 's probably enough for most people to share or take home .
i had a milkshake with m & m 's which was amazing as well .
the eggs were undercooked and the whites were very runny !
the food is always amazing .
a simple sub shop with simple ingredients for a simple man .
the waitress came running over with our bill .
luckily the free yelp corkage coupon is accepted !
i love any dish i get there !
we did only tell her once that we would like them .
definitely recommend this as a must stop for everyone in the area .
love love this place .
seafood and veg can be eaten .
first impression clean and welcoming .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !
i liked that honesty .
the personal pizza is definitely big enough for _num_ people to enjoy .
great place to have breakfast , nice friendly staff and delicious eggs .
sleep on the street , you 'll do better .
to start , i would give zero stars if an option .
the expiration date was september _num_ , _num_ .
i walked that store twice looking to see if i missed something .
find another place at the lake .
it was such a great time and no one was pushy .
if you are looking for great food and service come to this village inn !
good service .
the place was n't even busy and i counted at least _num_ employees .
some of the best pizza i have ever had .
apparently customer service is n't their strong point .
a very dear friend of mine worked here for ... almost a year ?
margaritas ... yes please !
this place is definitely worth your time and money .
debit card , this place need to get with it .
fast and tasty pizza .
love it !
i literally have never had worse service .
the only reason i tried china china is because of good yelp reviews .
but the true treasure is the food .
several people got the fish tacos which also looked really good .
no serious complaints , but still not great and stellar .
best .
the menu options are incredible .
everything is always good .
i had the best experience here .
ugh .
the pork lo mien was a disappointment as well .
awesome pool and great breakfast .
liar , liar , pants on fire .
love this denny 's !
they do n't care about customers with allergies .
unless i want to continue doing the shots .
we love blue adobe !
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .
great brunch .
thank all of you so very much !
each time i 've returned in _num_ has been worse though .
this place rocks .
great beer selection .
live entertainment , and beautiful outdoor seating .
but oh sooooo fun !
excellent breakfast and terrific prices .
ok , this place is barely ok .
the pool was great , the happy hour and breakfast even better .
really , terrible quality , terrible selection .
i called and made an appointment for _num_ people for a pedicure and manicure .
prices range from reasonable to surprisingly inexpensive .
the doctor is very honest man .
margaritas and all food very good .
good service .
it 's always a tasty italian experience with a great local business feel .
definitely the best thai place in old town .
it seems if you 're not buying something you 're made to wait longer .
staff is super friendly which is awesome .
on top of that when they did locate my jewelry it was damaged .
lovely decor and prompt service .
now it 's a major money drain .
i will definitely use this company ongoing for any service i may need !
blue adobe has something for everyone .
i wo n't be back for quite a while .
definitely going back .
mmmm i always buy it !
it was perfect when it was open for my january show .
seriously good !
somebody needs to rescue this dq .
lovely restaurant .
did n't get to stay .
another bonus is the homemade pita ... delicious !
we are very pleased with carpet source scottsdale .
terrible customer service .
just got done having dinner with my wife .
i also remembered the pitas have more in them and being better tasting overall .
disappointing selections .
the entire appointment took _num_ minutes .
delightful !
great job rick !
not to mention he is very charming and funny .
for the entree we chose lobster spaghetti , chicken carbonara and baked ziti .
cheap drinks , beautiful women , and shuffleboard .
overall a great experience .
customer service is poor at best .
why are you being so rude ?
arizona 's best kept secret when it comes to the sesame chicken .
goes above and beyond to help with my _num_ cars .
no free wifi .
wine - perfection !
in time their lousy customer service will catch up .
love love love this store .
poor thing , i 'm so glad i took her home though .
he did n't even acknowledge us .
we smiled and politely said , `` no , not yet . ''
eric is very courteous and professional .
how can you mess up tacos ?
lunch is a really good deal too .
the waitstaff was overall nice and they checked back at us here and there .
little salty and sour compared to others .
i 've been here many times and keep coming back with family and friends .
however , i was mortified to be in public .
she did a terrific job .
brought in a new claim , body shop was fantastic .
he was incredibly rude and took his sweet time with everything .
this season is not looking good .
over and above customer care .
by then a customers had given up and left without their food .
excellent place to shop for food !
now it 's not major but the job was not done perfect .
allen was very friendly and professional !
my mother and i had a very pleasant experience here today .
it is literally my girlfriends dream come true .
they always have good sale items and the clerks are very nice and helpful !
this is a prime destination of american tourists .
phil is a nice guy and funny too !
now it is our greek favorite in the phoenix area .
croissant was also delicious .
a customer and a waitress ( not even mine ) apologized .
it took away from the show and that is unfortunate .
next , what a great selection .
awesome .
the service is great .
sitting at rula bula for the last time .
the heart was even totally wrong .
i love the fish tacos .
most of the time , it 's one of the best places to go .
the actual results were not that bad .
go to jiffy lube on power and broadway . ''
pretty inexpensive and interesting .
i always go to her .
i remember going to see 's with my mom when i was younger .
just out in the open , no big deal .
also i tried a bite of huevos rancheros and they were quite good .
matt , our server was top notch .
too bad , because i like supporting mom and pop joints versus chain restaurants .
it seems to be an installation problem to me .
the staff is friendly and knowledgable .
best ribs ever .
the resort is gorgeous .
loved it !
unfortunately , the expectation did n't meet up with reality .
solid deals on some great veggies and fruit .
sooo good !
excellent service !
beautiful restaurant , service and food .
so far i 'm not really impressed .
the salsas look very homemade and the salsa verde was very very good .
he replaced our battery and our vehicle is running smoothly .
we enjoyed every bite .
seems dirty and staffs here are so rude to customers .
it has a variety of ice cream flavors .
she did n't charge me for coffee .
but , enjoy the food !
( i hate name calling , but this was beyond reasonable . )
i love this place !
amazing verde sauce and coffee bar selections !
amazing italian food .
i remember i sat down to eat and my sandwich fell apart .
they also have great holiday dinners for the family .
check this place out !
hot fudge sundaes were a hit as well !
it 's also very affordable !
worst customer service skills i have encountered .
prices are reasonable , very clean and staff very friendly .
i also ordered tom yum soup and the flavor was totally off .
will definitely return !
cozy , friendly , good prices , and yummy food .
fast , friendly service , reasonable prices .
one thing i can not overlook is bad service ... .
they had a chance to land a client but failed on the first try .
which made it tolerable .
their strawberry pancakes are effing amazing !
great food , service was quick , great place for a quick lunch .
the salad bar was really quite exceptional and unexpected .
love their scampi pizza .
erica is great !
thanks again tom and staff !
the employees are very helpful , knowledgeable , and friendly .
i hate this credit union .
i was disappointed nobody came to her aid .
but until then , this is the best you will get .
i was told they will see me in court to see who wins .
on top of that , the service was terrible .
wo n't be back .
this outcome is , however , unacceptable .
lindsey was our server and she was the best !
great view and the bartender christian is awesome , very friendly and helpful .
super helpful and extremely friendly .
we found our visit here to be outstanding .
and the owners we extremely pleasant .
we are here on business and absolutely love sushi .
very nice aaa office in the safeway shopping center .
and she gave me _num_ more pairs .
and i could n't really eat any of it .
did not tell me it would be $ _num_ for extra sauce .
his referrals are excellent , and his staff is friendly and efficient .
the only good thing i can say was the service was fast .
this will always be my favorite place to shop .
no wonder the place was ( not ) hopping on a saturday night !
if i was a local it would be a regular spot !
my order was wrong and it was way too expensive .
they nailed it !
i can not wait to see this business fail due to the economy .
too bad there 's really no late night spots in the valley .
love love love kazimierz !
obviously does n't like visitors .
rooms are very comfortable and the beds and bedding luxurious .
it 's huge , and delicious .
we traveled two hours to see the vehicle only to be greatly disappointed .
the place was dirty , way crowded with crap products .
the waitstaff was great .
bartender was super rude !
wow anna the waitress was the rudest one one here .
it has become my favorite place for tilapia or steak .
the server was knowledgable and enthusiastic about the food and menu .
thank you residence inn scottsdale for a wonderful stay !
they enjoyed the shrimp linguini which looked good as well .
this place is obnoxious .
i highly recommend them for all your printing needs .
highly recommend them !
so new mex .
this place used to be _num_ stars to me .
total with delivery $ _num_ , great deal , very good pizza !
quite cute too !
ugh .
knew nothing about the car , warranty , anything .
they are dishonest !
both were excellent .
cowboy ciao was so good !
they did make eye contact and then ignored me .
love this place !
the food is really good !
they are super light and airy .
entree was not served until after 9:00 pm .
the services was unfriendly to say the least .
our favorite italian in the east valley .
they will get the job done !
chips were greasy , salsa was bland ... .
amazing food , great service and awesome dessert !
the bagels were very salty tasting and hard .
the turkey had absolutely no taste at all .
what a waste of $ _num_ .
we love coming here !
thank you !
food tastes great and hot .
kind of disappointed in you , los olivos .
i would not recommend a business that is not honest .
jennifer and the staff are great !
just had a wonderful meal with my wife .
everyone is very friendly !
overall a good experience .
the wash is nothing special .
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .
great delivery , great food .
will not go back .
employees are always rude .
perfect for really hot summer days .
a casual fun place.
i recommend getting all your beauty needs at sephora !
not for adults .
wo n't be back .
then when it came time to paint them , it was a complete nightmare .
disappointed in the shoe department .
its dark , the drinks are cheap , and theres room for great bands .
loved the hot wings and the patio beers .
smell was awful .
what server does n't check in on drinks , especially when the food arrives ?
but i love this place .
very honest , competent staff .
best old dive in town !
food is delicious and we always have so much fun .
they really do have everything here .
this was a major issue they did n't allow me to move in conveniently .
my family and i had an awful experience here tonight .
i love their black forest cake , too !
my favorite sub shop .
television , internet connection , fridge worked .
i was very wrong .
it was worth the drive .
she spent a lot of time on me and i appreciated it .
i love jade palace !
the waiting time in the clinic is too long .
over priced , mediocre and bland sushi .
i do n't understand the reviews of the restaurant .
i ordered chicken teriyaki for $ _num_ and could not eat it .
happy savings .
this time , i made a special trip to sugar bowl with the kids .
really nice , properly clean & maintained .
anyway , after a few bad experiences i stopped going altogether .
they do a great job and are very friendly !
we were happy he could have his own practice .
highly recommended .
actually , they make the best everything .
needless to say i 'm never going back .
overall it was a miserable evening .
the variety of all the desserts is amazing and it tastes fresh .
great atmosphere and service .
if i would have paid full price , i would have been upset .
food is good and comes out very quickly .
excellent beer selection and laid back atmosphere .
their summer happy hour is great and runs through _num_ pm !
my husband and i were really impressed with this little place !
they charge full price for an event they only have half the merchandise .
satisfactory pedi good price .
all six of us had something different and it was all amazing .
great guy and great place !
the staff is incredible .
great job !
no happy belly on this trip .
fun !
i was there last weekend with my wife and we loved yet .
so we stopped going for a while .
if you 're a woman , skip this course and spend your money elsewhere !
they told me to take _num_ minutes .
cool place once you find it .
this is the worst mexican food i have ever eaten !
we usually order thin crust , but sandwich are good as well .
very attentive and friendly staff .
always enjoy carlsbad tavern when i visit scottsdale .
if i could give it a minus _num_ i would .
and that 's what surprises me .
i kind of think this place is highly overrated .
this is definitely my spot for cigars in scottsdale .
we also ordered the seared tuna and the citrus yellowtail tapas .
love it !
keep it up .
im glad its still open and provides great smoothies !
cheap , tasty and friendly always has a place in my heart !
reasonable prices and honest service .
we had an amazing time today on the cruise .
i highly recommend the calzone or stromboli .
really good , clean tasting ( even the fried dishes ) chinese .
very bland , i ca n't even finish my dish .
we had a mediocre dinner tonight .
i was thinking maybe i could find one here .
i absolutely love this and would recommend her to everyone !
for the price , it was all worth it .
do n't bother !
the management response to this review will not change our minds .
the staff , doctor , and nurses were excellent .
my entire family loves going here .
great company !
so good .
when the food came one meal was not even there .
very quaint and great place for sushi !
the margarita pizza tasted like it had canned tomato sauce on it .
love them !
lots of great food and drinks to go around .
it 's not really french food and the decor is n't really french either .
it 's rare you experience a car salesman who actually cares about the customer .
the food here is outstanding .
awesome tacos .
the grilled cheese has hardly any cheese in it .
the servers are friendly , prompt and attentive .
the service not only ruined our dinner , but the rest of our night .
great sandwich , good price , outdoor seating is a plus as well .
very fair pricing .
the space definitely makes up for that .
it was awful and tasted burnt .
this incident today just sealed it for me .
i had frank 's enchilada plate and it was wonderful .
i love going to this store .
had a nice time looking at the variety of old train cars .
my best bar in all of arizona .
i could n't finish it .
they were a big hit !
horrible waste of my saturday .
i definitely recommend these guys to anyone .
this is a beautiful property with the most obnoxious management .
best chorizo and eggs in the valley .
overall they are very good .
they are always friendly !
no one was friendly at all .
and the german shepherd owner bond goes a long way with us !
great tacos , lots of drinks , and a remarkably tacky atmosphere .
they always seem to really appreciate my business when i come in .
terri runs the office like a finely tuned machine ... she is great !
i mean , really atrocious .
thanks guys keep up the good work it is noticed !
it looked great !
the food was not that great.
pity , they had something good which seems to have gone downhill .
the only thing good about this place was nothing .
don and charlie 's is one of our favorite restaurants we frequent in scottsdale .
great customer service !
i hate that , how the hell am i supposed to eat this ?
tina is the best !
love this place brings me back to my childhood in the _num_ 's .
always a great place to see some unusual art !
overall , he made my experience here so fantastic .
wow ... who would 've thought ordering a pizza could ruin your night .
the village tavern is always our fav place for dinner or happy hour .
i left a voicemail , no call back .
excellent food .
little area that can get high energy real quick .
bad business .
amazing food , warm accommodating atmosphere and did i mention the food ?
this is a tiny , independent establishment ... and i loved it .
best place for food after _num_ .
i really enjoy simple northern mexican food and this place hits the spot .
i truly adore these ladies and highly recommend them .
i ate here awhile back , and it was a nice evening .
go live somewhere where you 're treated with respect .
dealt with jessica and bob and both were a pleasure .
and the spinach , whoa , the spinach !
one of our favorite places in the phoenix area for sure .
the location is n't the best .
excellent food and reasonably priced .
we will definitely go back !
delivery was late and after _num_ try 's with local store i called corporate .
the salad came out and looked beautiful only a lot smaller than i thought .
not impressed very disgusting !
there was _num_ lousy fan blowing .
no service and no people .
the service at charleston 's has truly gone downhill .
i love this place .
just a `` pickup or drop off ? ''
love the eggplant subs !
great service with a smile .
i believe it 's the best bread in az .
i am over _num_ feet tall as well as my two boys .
we have large plates for the meal , but no small plates .
their prices are very reasonable and the sushi is very fresh .
the food is absolutely amazing .
then i ordered the salmon miso with rice and veggies .
i am so disappointed in how this has gone downhill .
it is wonderful italian food .
no fresh vegetables ... everything frozen ... and loaded with msg .
highly recommend her .
i can no longer recommend the jeweler which is a shame .
if you 're in the phoenix area , try a different maricopa college .
at _num_ i called and was told delivery would be _num_ minutes .
he made a lot of jokes and tried to make our experience better .
great little roadhouse .
small place & i 'm so glad i found it !
service is pretty good .
the menu is varied and creative .
fresh big pieces of chicken in the chicken fried rice .
i love the ambiance , the crowd , and the music !
i give this place zero stars !
ordered a few times , pizza has been great each time .
service is very bad and slow .
they were very professional and easy to work with .
delicious !
katie 's is great .
they let him sit there for _num_ hours .
will be going back for sure !
and , for good reason !
they treat you like royalty here .
had it in an enchilada , with a pork tamale , everything was great !
my mom enjoyed her massage also .
c ) the wait staff was barely courteous .
the burro was small for $ _num_ and not very filling .
most everything is in the spicy side so beware .
the food is delicious and the staff is super friendly !
i ordered it medium rare and it was cooked to perfection .
ultimately , the expected quality for the price paid just is n't there .
i love this place !
josh was extremely professional , polite , knowledgeable and thorough .
first shop failed and second shop was fantastic .
place is so good .
anything you want ice cream wise , they will deliver !
disgusting .
neither were satisfactory .
apparently , we were important but not that important .
got the green chile pork , was outstanding .
the pictures on the website showed no major issues with the interior at all .
great appetizers and great food !
good shrimp lo main .
i will for sure stay here again next spring !
place is clean though and i do love they 're happy hour .
first time having dinner here and it was delicious !
great quality food for a reasonable price .
very busy , always a wait to get in .
bonus , they have gluten free dough yay !
the service was tremendous sitting at the bar .
we were one of _num_ tables and had to wait _num_ minutes for food .
i had to tell him _num_ times that she was n't interested .
its horrible .
a+ customer service .
the big plate chicken way too dry like cooked overnight .
love it here at cindy 's !
garlic naan was the best !
cold food , no flavor , and crappy service .
the gourmet burger was pretty boring as well .
they made nothing about this easy .
f this place !
great pizza and the wings were tasty !
the cucumber roll was boring .
its one of the few things my picky son will eat .
this was plenty for both of us .
the service is first-rate , and the beds are fantastic .
everything was simple excellent .
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .
our favorite course ?
the last time , i noticed the prime rib quality slipped a bit .
today was _num_ mins for chicken fingers and fries .
i have always hated you .
love this gorgeous az resort !
the service was great and reminded me of european style service .
nobody returned the call .
do n't waste your time with this one .
dead , but still ants .
this is one of the best korean places i 've been to in az .
thanks to fellow yelpers , i found this little gem .
she 's got a perfect personality for the nail biz .
we probably will never come back because of the disappointment of this experience .
i get in right away , i love that .
highly recommended !
oh , well .
he said why are you asking me questions ?
i 've been to mesa arts center twice , and i love it !
i have eaten there several times ; always good service ; great food .
we drove _num_ miles and will do it again .
this is the best menudo i 've had in the valley so far .
i wo n't even get started on the disappointment in the food .
will not buy lv again !
gone through some changes and still a beautiful resort .
the food here is not good .
this place is expensive , especially for what it is .
the host returned and told us a _num_ hour wait .
the service was horrible .
hi have had good luck with this company .
great atmosphere !
after one attempt i figure lets use visa .
the managers are helpful , especially keith .
simply amazing and wonderful customer service !
just overall a great place !
then recently lost _num_ shirts and _num_ dress pants when dry cleaning .
i keep getting compliments !
great stuff !
it took me _num_ min in the drive thru to get one sandwich combo .
there 's always fresh produce here .
very gracious and accommodating staff .
best clinic that i have found in the valley .
$ _num_ for a mixed drink in a plastic cup .
love the place !
fixtures are original over twenty years ago and have not been updated or cleaned .
this place rocks !
the two ladies that helped me were so incredibly sweet .
went this morning with my wife , very pleased .
but horrible customer service .
i recommend scheduling an appointment as these guys are pretty busy .
when walking in , the decor is old and drab .
calling gm on monday .
i did not notice it in the beginning because of the sauce .
it did n't come out until the rest of our food .
this is my new favorite restaurant !
soooo many tvs , perfect for football !
this is a good place to start .
the bartender said `` nothing . ''
last week , i had the ribs .
i highly recommend it .
waitress recommended the spinach dip ... .
you gave dirty looks the entire night .
margaritas are good .
it does n't seem they care much what happens after they have your money .
great service !
was very happy with the vets approach and the clinic .
thumbs up .
the people in the shop are good with natural and processed hair !
also , the service is always great and they are on top of things .
thank you for such a great meal !
the ambiance is divey but cute .
unfortunately you lost a customer who has been using your shop for _num_ years .
he said he would go and make us _num_ bags of ice .
so yes i get it , i took a risk buying a used car .
food is high quality and fresh every time .
fridays are the best !
i love the food here .
in summary : disappointing .
_num_ ) we didnt even get our salads or soups .
liar , i read the tag , that 's why i knew the price .
the italian was good , so was the chef salad .
i saw some really good cars go for very reasonable prices .
joanna can make anything look good on anyone !
there is a cozy little bar and a restaurant .
would n't recommend at all .
hopefully the service will be a little more upbeat now .
thanks !
everything tasted perfect and the serving sizes were more than generous .
staff was very friendly and personable .
i hate the san francisco giants - minus _num_ stars !
it has a south pacific theme .
not satisfied .
alright , i 'm being too harsh on this place .
for me it 's just okay .
the rental equipment was far from new .
an employee even insulted me to my face as i walked out the door .
the bread in the sliders has sometimes been tasty and other times stale .
small and quaint place with a friendly atmosphere .
kona is a nice place to go for drinks and a meal .
sushi is supposed to be served at room temperature , not cold .
the food arrived in good time and the chicken was tasty , if lukewarm .
i 'm sure it was n't a ribeye .
this is a great spot !
it was literally cooler outside when we left than it was in the restaurant .
i love mexican food .
this location was disgusting .
terrible service .
ask for him and make the good egg experience even better .
this place was such a wonderful experience .
_num_ ) we do n't do that .
found water n ice on yelp and headed over .
definitely the worst bar i 've ever been to .
_num_ minutes after that our server took both drink and food orders .
this store is the best.
do not trust anyone you speak to on the phone .
are n't you being paid to work ?
there was very little hollandaise sauce .
awesome east coast style pizza !
each time she 's helped me navigate the details of traveling in europe .
even charged us a gratuity for something the place did n't deserve !
bring plenty of water , sunscreen , and a hat !
i will never go to this walgreens again .
this was the absolute worst bar i have ever been to .
in terms of customer service , they 're less than stellar ... for sure .
love it !
my kids are _num_ and _num_ and they love it there .
great selection !
the fried rice was not fried rice .
my favorite chinese place ever .
it made it difficult to maintain the flow of our conversation .
what a waste of money .
happy hour prices for both drinks and bar menu are all day on sunday .
terrible customer service .
the teachers are awful also .
had a great night at don & charlie 's .
the food here is well prepared and extremely tasty !
if you 're looking for a good basic breakfast , this is the place .
my baby was throwing up blood .
my husband and i were not impressed .
amazing food and drinks !
lost business !
love this place !
asu gammage was horrible , even though the show ( wicked ) was amazing .
well i love this place !
very reasonably priced happy hour food menu !
the staff is great and helpful .
hopefully you do n't also get a paper towel chimichanga !
those poor life guards will throw the book at ya .
the pickle was really soggy too .
as a parent , my joy was watching my kids have fun .
nice size outdoor patio - an outdoor patio is essential for a az bar .
the chicken in the chicken thai salad was dry and hard .
i found this place on google and decided to give it a try .
the stetson chopped salad is a must .
great food , good prices .
although i used to enjoy coming here the past _num_ times have been terrible .
tender juicy and full of flavor .
its also in a great location and has a great friendly staff .
should you have a similar experience contact your hr department or safety coordinator .
best nail salon i have experienced in a long time .
rick is very professional and respectful of your home .
yet another horrible experience at gammage .
whenever i visit this location my ice cream is always runny and melted .
the salsa was too spicy , the guacamole was good .
the staff is always super nice .
you will not find better prices , but you get what you pay for .
thank goodness i do n't live in phoenix .
the food is always fresh and good .
the jukebox is one of the best i have heard in some time .
ick .
it makes you feel like you are in the heart of little italy somewhere .
they have great salsa , queso , and chips .
she looked at me like i was annoying her .
awesome service our server was so sweet !
you will loose going here .
the burritos are flavorful , fast and a great value .
this place has ruined my whole weekend !
also the wasabi is good which is important ... strong and potent .
i had pretty dark hair and i wanted to be blonde !
we got two cannolis and an order of baklava both were very good .
diner beware , the owner is nuts .
meet and greet .
wish things would have worked out because it is a great concept .
the food is great , and the service is too !
all pasta dishes are as good as you will find .
everything we 've had has been good , including the service .
goes well with a beer or margarita !
i thought the selection was pretty good too .
the cocktails , wine and drinks have always been solid .
all and all it was a big disappointment , i wont be back .
i was assured that there would be no problem .
i 'll never go back ... .
great food , great and friendly service .
have been buying accessories and batteries for years .
there is no excuse for ignorant management .
very fair rates .
we are thai so we know how good thai food should be .
portions were a little small and the service was meh !
horrible service .
i did not get sick , it just was not good tasting .
the portions are generous , filling you up when you 're hungry .
$ _num_ martinis ( perfect full pours ) and really good margaritas .
definitely recommend this place !
service terrible .
overall , the experience was terrible .
bartenders are attentive and the staff runs a good operation .
she received amazing care .
idiots .
this place and hertz in general lost a loyal customer .
great time !
food here is super tasty and fresh .
love the patio and the atmosphere of the restaurant .
definitely going to go back !
i could n't find a spot initially because the lot was so full .
authentic new york and italy style .
this place is great !
this place is amazing !
she has been cutting my girlfriend 's and my hair for years .
we walked out and went down the street for lunch .
the casual outdoor seating with misters makes for a pleasant evening .
their is nothing authentic about the `` mexican '' food they offer .
placing the order was a breeze and the service friendly .
man did it bring back some great memories .
i will agree with some reviewers , that this place is dark inside .
just by a washer and dryer instead or go someplace else .
he was not listed .
great service !
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .
everything was fresh and delicious .
damn good pizza .
we asked for our money back and will not be visiting again .
an incorrect meal was delivered stone cold and incorrect .
i 've had a sandwich and pizza and enjoyed both .
this is my local target and i love it .
i 'm pretty sure it was just sauted vegetables in a bland flour tortilla .
the employees were friendly , efficient and very knowledgable about their trade .
i really liked this salon !
i always buy my favorite wine here .
always such a great experience with scottsdale pet hotel !
i was not called in until _num_ .
the food is very fresh with herbs from their onsite , organic garden .
good for kids _num_ and under .
we love this place .
the answer to returning is , duh !
and great personnel .
it was clean with fresh ingredients and meat cut just right for preparation .
avoid at all costs ... .
the place is very clean and new .
the service is slow and unorganized .
first the salad went to gross .
pretty good breakfast burritos , love the salsa packets !
love the new `` bar '' !
excellent management .
i would n't recommend it .
both doctors are very nice , & very knowledgable .
truly a great night !
it has great ambiance , wonderful service and amazing food .
i loved shows at mesa arts .
still the best greek food in phoenix .
i 've been to ra a few times and the sushi is alright .
the pizza was good , but the service was slow .
this guy clearly does n't care about doing right by his customers .
and how stupid am i for continuing to go back for so many years ?
thanks !
impact was very professional and friendly .
amazing .
april air is hands down the best .
the wine list is as good as advertised , and the food is also .
i keep going back to papago , hoping my dining experience will change .
sure enough , the nasty girl - erica , was our waitress .
its gross to look at .
highly recommended !
this alteration place is fantastic !
the food is excellent and kinda unique for the area .
instead i say not to waste your time .
all in all , good place to go for servicing your vehicle .
best service is right in front of the guy making the food .
i would not recommend this place .
nothing to write home about .
_num_ % of service to _num_ % of the tables .
not at all like what i would expect .
the room was smelly .
it was terrible .
have to say i was really disappointed with my experience .
never disappoints !
the golf course was not in great shape .
very friendly & professional .
excellent service .
the food here is super good .
the service was lousy , main tv was out , management could care less .
thank you for the follow up call .
i have traveled here twice for work .
the staff is good and consistent .
do not look back .
the rice and _num_ were fine .
in all , this is not my type of place .
i ca n't even call it a pedicure .
they got me in and out really fast .
i like the environment but it can get really noisy when busy .
after we showed up for our reservation we waited another _num_ minutes .
everything was amazing and portions were huge !
finally found an auto repair shop i can trust .
by far the best tasting home made mexican food in the valley .
after the show we learned there was some sort of sewage problem going on .
i highly recommend dr. sullivan !
made great menu suggestion and was very nice !
the bartender came up to me and asked if she could get me anything .
we will certainly be back next time we are in town .
both are delicious !
the first time was amazing .
a two taco meal with rice and beans for $ _num_ ?
no thank you , no goodbye , nothing .
baristas are always pretty chill and friendly .
just bland and awful .
jeremy , our server , was fantastic !
enjoy the store and the prices .
it was truly an experience and he made it happen for me .
more than that , though , is the great atmosphere !
i wish there were negative stars .
it has been good every time i went .
we loved it .
the regulars that perform are great too .
remember it does not come with any pasta , just the chicken .
will absolutely call them again in the future .
great people !
not so fast .
you 'll only end up disappointed if you do n't .
i find this complex quiet , very clean and always kept up .
the atmosphere is a sports lovers dream .
we will eat here again .
woke up the next day with the same symptoms !
great customer service .
i love people who respect my time !
skip the entrees !
what a horrible experience we had with a party of _num_ on march 10th .
one of the best biker bars in the phoenix area .
thanks angela !
i threw most of them into the garbage .
( that would have been $ _num_ per person for the dinner buffet . )
while the food is decent it certainly wont impress yelpers .
do not give them your email address !
the service and chop salad was the only great thing here .
eventually i was - no luck on the plate .
burger had little to no frys .
rude server .
everyone is so outgoing .
it 's a treat .
this place is awesome !
this starbucks is by far the best .
i 've tried a couple other rather unremarkable dishes too .
it was a nice place .
i love it .
we just moved here from california , i found this veterinarian office on yelp .
i could not believe how overpriced this store is .
the prices are unreasonable for the portions and quality of food .
if chances wants to attract a younger crowd they really have to do better .
amazing staff and amazing facility .
the help is polite and i love the sweet tea .
no a/c .
great food !
worst place ever !
food , absolutely horrible .
luckily , before i committed to anything , i found bike shop .
desperately need to update their equipment .
great place to go visit and watch a show for two .
will definitely visit again !
but the spinach salad was bad .
i would recommend him to anyone looking for a new stylist !
you 'll like it !
love this place .
the house chianti , fantastic .
i had a massage here earlier today from denise c and it was phenomenal !
the billing department is a complete rip off .
it 's cheap , i 'll give them that .
love my hair cuts from erica .
i just do n't get it .
great service and atmosphere .
great italian grub in the desert .
we received no attention for _num_ minutes after we sat down .
all the food is wonderful , though .
however , she handed me a receipt for the mistaken order .
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .
disappointing .
she was so great !
cold , bland , terrible pizza .
i would recommend this company especially for large vehicles .
too many onions and the seaweed used in the soup was nasty .
the owner of this restaurant is the rudest person i have ever encountered .
anyways i might give this place one more shot to try the chicken shawarma .
i 'm never going back .
lukewarm pizza under heating lamps that is dried out and extremely overpriced !
very nice steakhouse .
no guest should be treated this way .
best italian food in az !
i read some reviews , people said it was japanese style sushi .
do n't go here unless you 're ok with mediocre service and terrible management .
very sweet and knowledgable staff eager to share a story or experience .
$ _num_ a head to sit on a freakin ' bench ?
food cooked right and timed great !
of course , we would n't see her for a while after that .
ranch was forgotten .
the machaca beef is so delicious .
so pretty and fun for the kiddo .
however , that did n't help with the flavor at all .
however , this place is amazing .
staff is very courteous and knowledgable .
i loved it .
the problem was that was about all that was great about the place .
it was fantastic .
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .
zizzo is great .
i only eat here if it 's 2am and my neighbor wants pizza .
my favorite restaurant .
bagel = dry / flavorless .
this is a bad way to treat your customers .
great service .
nothing but excellent .
food is tremendous , service impeccable .
the outside area is a wonderful experience .
my nails look absolutely horrible .
i love this place !
great gyros and super nice owners .
i appreciate their help and will definitely go back .
my three year old had a blast at a friends ' birthday party .
donuts here are fresh and legit ... staff are friendly and helpful .
i worked with a women named tracy and she was rude and very inconsiderate !
i tried the spaghetti bolognese and it was amazingly good .
great place to go !
the atmosphere is ok and they have a great patio .
the rice bland , egg roll tasted funny and was burnt .
i recommend driving down the street to tandoori times instead .
my dog always looks fantastic when i pick him up !
really great customer service !
the venue is in bad need of a thorough renovation .
my husband and i love this restaurant .
service tried hard so that counts .
vets are amazing and so patient and caring .
will never return to this location ; possibly never to any location .
horrible customer service .
this is after i paid $ _num_ to see a band .
the chicken is a healthy choice , but smells better than it tastes .
the pizza is by far the best over dominos .
lost my business for the future .
this was my first time and i was very much pleased .
_num_ different occasions of complete rudeness .
our bartender was great !
as i stated above , i find this place disgusting .
i wo n't go back .
all around just gross would never come here again .
lame anyways maybe next time .
it 's a dated location but clean and the ice cream variety is good .
the baristas are always extremely pleasant and accommodating .
he is very rude .
awesome desserts !
the setting is beautiful and relaxing , the staff warm and friendly .
the surroundings are gorgeous and the staff on site were so kind and accommodating .
she spent most of her time chatting with the bartender .
classic pancakes .
all of it was like leftovers from other plates .
i have waited _num_ hours and still have not had my car looked at .
i finally found my wax lady !
another _num_ minutes later our food arrived .
great coupons .
the food is mediocre and the staff are total jerks .
they obviously do n't care .
classic american steakhouse with a baseball twist !
thank you !
i will make _num_ nice fillet mignon out of it ... .
damn it man !
the selection of things was n't that impressive .
that 's how bad this guy 's morning was going .
i 'm the only car here .
cry me a freakin river !
the pancake itself was very tough and pretty bland .
they have great sandwiches and homemade cookies .
the drink cart will happily fill your bottle for a dollar .
i love you so !
highly recommend going here over leslie 's .
meet your friends here , and get ready for the fun !
i recommend trying something different .
their prices are good for this area .
very happy customer and would definitely recommend this goodyear !
this place is the real deal , i highly recommend it !
first off , it was breaded like sweet and sour chicken usually is .
really enjoyed my visit here .
love it !
the eggs were absolutely horrid and were mushy .
i took my _num_ year old son and he loved it !
on top of it , this whole mess took over an hour to get .
will never go back to the place again .
friendly staff , freshly made food .
the service is very friendly , even though the food came out slightly slow .
probably the very best sandwich of my life !
really liked this place .
staff was great very friendly and knowledgeable .
very disappointed .
i thought to myself , is this really happening ?
i love coming here .
it would be a shame not to .
simply perfect .
would recommend to anyone .
finally , the cue was given and everyone rushed through the doors .
about _num_ minutes after sitting down , our orders were taken .
he was so informative and caring of my little dog !
waited again over _num_ minutes for anyone to even give us menus .
this place is wonderful .
she hands me my drink , then she hands me the receipt .
a very unique flavor .
the bread we ordered was plain and boring .
outstanding service .
i highly recommend taking your car to them !
the rooms are modern , clean and spacious .
i will not being going back .
i love the mexican food here .
i talked very clearly i just one year and she said she understood .
wow !
absolutely fabulous !
everything is outstanding .
had a home built by these guys and the customer service is absolutely amazing !
we each ate approximately _num_ or _num_ bites of our food .
do n't come in for lunch !
we were charged $ _num_ a day to have power in our meeting room .
i ca n't give this bar high marks .
hire more waiters .
prices are very reasonable and everyone is very friendly .
i recommend it !
felt like the menu was varied and creative .
the service was great , they have good hospitality !
staff is friendly and drinks are made correctly .
amazing !
they are fast and always willing to change something if you ask .
heck no !
i was so livid i was crying !
great food and service !
oj and jeremy did a great job !
she does a fantastic job .
my wife orders the cheese enchiladas and those are very good as well .
not good .
and always is .
not to mention their new flavored breads , really delish !
they did a great job and i would go back if need be .
wo n't be returning .
its pretty cool , i would recommend checking it out .
thank you , thank you , thank you !
did n't really care for the atmosphere .
we split an appetizer , entree , and both had great margaritas !
it 's not pretty walking through the river without a shoe on .
staff is fabulous and friendly .
standard salad and cheese bread were fine .
i went into this place and the food was ok but not very consistent .
it 's awesome .
outstanding service .
while i do like the environment here , i really dislike the slow service .
they are right next door to each other .
i will not continue to support the wendy 's mission .
wo n't be returning .
poor cuts of meat .
yummmm my favorite .
do n't let the awesome decor and delicious smells fool you .
i dropped off high end , men 's clothing .
horrible service !
a corner jet tub bizarre layout .
bean burritos !
very nice restaurant but not too fancy .
not good service there either .
prices were very reasonable as well .
what another disappointment .
you do n't apologize for your error ?
they do have a really good happy hour .
there are plenty of reputable dealerships in phoenix !
his entire staff make you feel like one of the family .
poor customer service poor attitude all around poor experience .
i 'm in total shock .
nothing is worse than overcooked chicken .
do not go here , they are unprofessional and rude .
what a disappointment ... no one can be trusted .
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .
i love the staff that make this place a warm and fun atmosphere .
most delicious authentic chinese food !
it 's so good .
it was difficult to get refills on drinks .
no refills we 're ever given .
it has authentic and delicious italian food .
the store is organized , well stocked and the employees are friendly .
i went here with not great expectations but was very pleasantly surprised .
terrible service .
great fun in old town scottsdale , a lil crowded but fun nonetheless .
price is on point for the area .
phil is both hilarious and brilliant at fitting .
the wifey and i went here last night and it was pretty good .
at the end i was presented with a bill of nearly $ _num_ .
i hate bad customer service .
please have some yummy tamales there , for me !
i keep trying and am disappointed every time .
enter , on the rocks .
service was very good.
do not get the calamari .
there were _num_ adults in our party , everyone got something different .
best pizza i 've ever had !
what an amazing experience !
we enjoy the eggplant hummus and vegetarian rice dishes .
beware : they over charge !
just enjoyed a wonderful dinner with friends to celebrate a birthday .
so yum !
great _num_ piece options and super cute bikini 's .
great , trustworthy shop .
i love love love the clothes there !
really good slice !
everything was amazing .
happy hour price is $ _num_ off ?
this should be a zero star review .
simply excellent food .
to begin with the margarita 's are fabulous !
thank you thank you thank you !
why is n't there an option for no stars .
i 've never had a worse experience than this !
when we finally got our sushi , the rice and rolls just fell apart .
one of the best views in the valley .
favorite spot is seated at the sushi bar at the back of the restaurant .
both were very good .
great specials .
superb .
the food has become drab .
our waiter was awesome !
this starbucks is fantastic !
highly recommend .
i am thoroughly disappointed .
meh , i 've experienced better indeed sums it up .
ok this place is horrible .
none to be found till you get inside .
extreme tourist trap that could care less about you returning as a satisfied customer .
never knew bagel sandwiches could taste so incredibly mediocre .
everything i 've eaten is amazing !
it is family friendly and is fun environment .
stayed here over a weekend with our toddler .
wedge salad is phenomenal .
these folks are as good as it gets .
not the worst breakfast i 've ever had , but for $ _num_ ?
when picking out frames the girls are a great help .
best salon in town .
friendly and helpful staff as well .
we ordered _num_ appetizers ... the $ _num_ bruschetta and the $ _num_ wings .
maybe this is explained somewhere on the site , but not clearly .
our family eats here everytime we come to scottsdale .
and i was assured there within walking distance .
fantastic food , quick service and ridiculous portions .
go out of business .
it was like my _num_ year old son made it .
i knew that my friend 's wedding would be amazing and to not worry .
it 's my morning spot everyday !
i love this jewelry store !
worth the drive .
definitely will refer to my friends for their fur baby needs .
the pepper rub was so overpowering that i couldnt eat but two bites .
so much fun .
bad experience .
the service is excellent from the moment you walk in .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .
i think i found another gem close by in my .
the service was excellent .
this is great attention to detail .
worst service i think i 've ever received .
the service was excellent .
the food was delicious , the cook entertaining , and the ambiance unique .
it was so awful i did n't even let the lady polish my toes .
the food is yummy !
the salsa was the only thing that had any flavor .
my hubby and i were so impressed !
there is a combo that i always get .
food was lame .
we live in the very north valley and it 's is worth the drive !
we probably wo n't come back .
this was one of the best southwestern meals i have ever had .
the waitress was very good though .
the prices are very affordable as well !
in short , exactly what i needed .
the food is average but service is horrible .
showed up with a party of _num_ and they basically refused to seat us .
max , our server , was very attentive and informative .
benny makes the best tzatziki sauce in town .
i had a great experience with rumors !
he was very patient and sympathetic as i explained my situation .
so much to see on top of the great people watching .
thats a solid cellar .
i will definitely be coming back regularly !
i have too many stories of poor service to even list here .
water was always empty .
ambiance and the food .
skip this place .
the food and atmosphere are superb .
wow !
this place made me so sick and i have an iron stomach for sushi .
will not repeat .
the macaroni and cheese is so-so .
great set up for watching football games .
i was going to order a different drink , but the waiter never asked .
pretty frustrating when they give you the run around .
service was slow .
would absolutely highly recommend taking your car there .
hahaha this place is a joke !
great crust , everything is just yummy !
we bought the $ _num_ for $ _num_ take out groupon .
excellent location next to many fun spots and restaurants .
i ca n't believe this place has almost _num_ stars .
great burritos and the tacos are amazing .
the staff was really nice !
there are better places here in arizona that actually care .
great atmosphere , food , and the sangria is actually really top notch .
he then explained a _num_ cent cd would cost me $ _num_ .
excellent service , salads , pizza and drinks .
i would recommend this place !
she took her time on my nails while carrying on great conversation .
they truly care about their patients .
the owner shook our hands and was very gracious .
would recommend this location to anyone !
but i am not impressed with what it is becoming .
avoid .
the chicken however , always tastes funny to me .
would i want to repeat it again ?
love the downtown mesa location too .
they were very basic and nothing special .
very friendly and helpful .
it is soooo delicious .
highly recommend if you are looking for a nice variety of quality bedding .
highly recommend .
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .
these guys are amazing !
i 've acted like an asshole before .
that part is not their fault .
i recommend this place to everyone who wants quality work done on their car .
sooo good .
everything was cooked to perfection and the flavors were amazing together .
everyone burns a pizza ... it happens .
thanks a million joey !
really i would think yes monday your closed memorial day not saturday ?
not a perfect experience but super close .
i love their pizza .
if we lived nearby we would at least hit happy hour once a week !
i ca n't be away from them for _num_ and a half hours !
my partner and i both enjoyed the dinner .
but the sandwiches are kind of small .
unparalleled .
and a great place to pick up holiday or a delicious house warning gift .
crappy music they torture me with .
i do n't think i 've ever had a worst breakfast .
i hope i never run into her again .
great wine selection too including local vino .
my pollo margarita was dry and almost tasteless .
clean , professional , and truly cares about our dogs .
loved this place .
if you need a dentist then i highly recommend this dental practice .
service was pretty good .
i have found they have good food and good service .
this is the worst place to live .
good definitely , great ... harder to say .
i would definitely recommend this dentist office to everyone !
weekends are always packed .
that would be far better than ignoring calls and rudely telling off potential customers .
however , she did say the technician should not have touched my nose .
the rv was in very bad condition !
honestly , ive never written a bad comment on yelp .
i love soda , love love love it !
i ordered a bean and cheese burrito , it was just okay .
the crust was too thick and you could barely taste the calamari .
right in old town .
friendly staff but the warm room made it very uncomfortable .
and the restaurant serves rattlesnake !
the korean bbq was amazing !
the service is also great !
service is fast and friendly .
this place has gone downhill since my first review .
food is always great and the service is always top notch .
yet all the negative reviews you read on yelp directly applied to our room .
great food in this neighborhood restaurant .
rude bartenders .
people are great !
this place should just be put out of business .
carne asada burrito was okay , but nothing outstanding .
she does a great job and she is so sweet !
i called these guys because they have really good google reviews .
what 's worse is that i had been going to this resort for years .
nicole was a great server .
this place rocks .
walked by _num_ x .
this also was very disappointing .
they also handed me a laundry list of things to fix .
they also have a lot of nice things for the men to look at .
the last couple years this place has been going down hill .
i wish they were open for sunday breakfast .
mmm mm !
i was so disappointed to know it was n't available at this one .
i would advise strongly against this location .
not only did she do a great job she was fun to talk to !
in town for a weekend and came upon this place based on yelp reviews .
got to try the green tea here , another favorite !
i ordered the salmon caesar salad , which i loved .
after waiting _num_ minutes for drinks .
my date had the flautas as which were bland to say the least .
a waste of your time .
the waitress liz p. was very good .
best greek food i 've had in the valley .
no notes of garlic , ginger , or deep soy flavor .
i already wrote a review about this horrible place .
the patio here is absolutely amazing .
poor experience so far .
heck no .
overall decent place to grab dinner .
went to ra with some friends monday night .
it was apparent they did not give a damn about customer service .
they offered me another room in the same hotel .
food and service was underwhelming !
i highly recommend misty and salon tru !
that may be an understatement though .
go for an unforgettable meal and incredible view !
service was a _num_ on a scale of _num_ to _num_ as well .
really appreciate you guys !
good price , good service , i will return when back in scottsdale .
i wanted to give zero stars but i could n't .
this place is amazing !
unfortunately for us they somehow managed to over book the valentines package .
there really was n't much taste , just salty .
i had a steak and my wife had shrimp tacos .
we 'll definitely be back !
good food , decent pricing , and nice staff .
it is not worth whatever savings you think you may get .
i want some god damn pizza hut lol !
i wo n't be back .
i do not recommend this restaurant .
the food was excellent !
very poor individual to represent a business .
the lobster , i was told was o.k but nothing to rave about .
check it out .
in the same department , my intention was to purchase another watch as well .
love the variety of fabric and it is good value for the dollar .
doors opening & show starting are not the same thing .
excellent service cute clothes and kids trinkets and toys .
the rice and beans were find , but nothing great .
they ignored me and two other cars around half an hour before closing .
it 's a winning combination of flavors .
the service was really fast and pleasant .
the first aid people came over gave him a bag of ice and left .
five stars for those amazing tottie rolls !
i would highly recommend this dealership to friends and family .
also they have a good lunch deals .
if they say it costs a certain amount , thats what it is .
we checked in , and the place was empty .
the bagels are always fresh and delicious .
i did n't know ra was a chain .
nice people to chat with at the next table .
i had such a good experience dress shopping today !
enjoy !
it is very dirty .
the office customer service is responsive and efficient .
another fantastic dining experience .
the pork tasted salty and looked like it came from a can .
this place has atmosphere , great service and `` big ass '' food .
there are good days and then really crowded days .
my dog loves coming here and i do n't worry about bringing him here .
great italian grocery .
please do n't miss the fact that the food was great .
a diet coke turned into an ice tea and she figured the bill wrong .
i took in a jacket to be dry cleaning and they washed it !
amazing customer service !
i rate the food as followed .
fresh sushi and a nice variety .
this place was pretty great .
but , just be careful .
it was delicious .
always friendly , efficient , and focused in their service .
seriously go check this place out .
the atmosphere is great with great food .
a little pricey for an average meal with not much ambiance .
great place to see a show !
this place is quick , cute , and simply delicious .
went online to buy two tickets for a night spring training game .
what i love about grazie ... .
no need to add further stress to the procedure .
thanks for nothing .
fruits and veggies are very fresh .
i do n't get it .
i would definitely recommend it !
giving five stars because pizza was so good !
have fun !
i had nothing but wonderful experiences with them when working on a custom ring .
unfortunately , everything was different , and in a bad way .
it was a really cool experience to set the tone .
the restaurant has a great atmosphere .
not worth it .
their margaritas are great !
then she tried to serve us the wrong order .
downtown scottsdale hair & nails was a great find !
always a plus in my book !
what a gem !
so after showing our id 's we go in and grab some beers .
so good .
the more important crust disappointment was that it was very hard .
excellent service , but the most important thing is mia trust them .
please , please avoid the grease bomb served here .
you saved my eyebrows and my day .
i 've had other meals there , all good .
i 'm really satisfied with the service they have provided !
it 's pretty good .
tina did a wonderful job gel manicure and deluxe pedicure .
we will be back again next year !
employees are always rude too .
when we were finally let in to the building _num_ min late .
the food is great , and the staff is really nice .
great service and kind staff .
the food is delicious and very authentic .
this place is hands down the best neighborhood bar in town !
i highly recommend this shop .
best service , amazing staff and all over great place !
and of course , it 's in a great location .
overall , i would recommend this place to almost anyone .
i was pretty disappointed , but it was free .
the menu looks great , the food is good .
i ordered the sunshine roll and it was good .
only server is the owner and she 's down right rude .
service is good and of course so are the drinks .
this is a great place to get all you can eat fish fry .
the place was n't that busy , it was steady .
it did not work well together at all .
sadly last night was not at all how i had remembered it .
i absolutely love this restaurant .
bad customer service !
_num_ words : go here !
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .
just , a great experience .
but man , it 's just not anything special , and also overpriced .
great range - been members for years !
portions are huge , can definitely get one order for two people .
great service .
went with son and a few of his friends .
not a good place to take your animals unless its an emergency .
for four drinks , one meal and one appetizer , we paid _num_ !
* fair trade in value .
everything was flavorful & well prepared .
my experience here was unpleasant .
it took _num_ minutes for one of the worst meals ever .
great place , really clean , and the staff is friendly .
service was spot-on , and my panini was delicious .
the cove gets my highest approval !
but nothing happened .
we only stayed one night and left early .
i apologized and told her that i was unable to eat it .
it 's intrusive and extremely annoying .
thankfully the manager was quick to check in and quickly offered to make another .
lame , the place is crammed and stinks .
this is unacceptable and disgusting behavior .
the staff is friendly , and the food is great .
food was good and plenty of it !
very clean and staff continued to clean when we were there .
they neglected to advise us of that when ordering .
my new favorite !
it was sad .
sorry but we have no king bed rooms left .
we went for happy hour and were delighted !
out of _num_ combos , only _num_ was the one i actually ordered .
i came here based on the awesome yelp reviews and was very disappointed .
i love the layout of this store !
the food was great !
i told him what i wanted and they got to work .
for some reason , razz and/or his staff does n't know this .
jamie the bartender makes perfect margaritas and is very pleasant .
i love this place .
consistently amazing food and service , _num_ .
long wait and the quality is not good .
i will definitely be returning .
and for turning a grumpy husband into a happy guy !
yummy food and good service .
no flavor .
the crust was perfectly thin and flavorful , not bland .
that was n't too cool .
the best happy hour in scottsdale .
definitely will continue to come here for delicious pizza .
cameron greeted us with a friendly smile and lovely dinner suggestions .
for dessert we had cheesecake and the chocolate sin cake - both delicious .
does yelp give kick backs for good ratings ?
great service as well !
service : nothing special and she overcharged us by double .
cannoli were amazing .
definitely recommend .
huge mistake .
i love this bar .
the place is very clean and the coffee `` yummy ! ''
come on cheba hut , i need your food in my life .
i love the crispy texture and the homemade feeling of their donuts .
the food is a bit pricey , but the portions are very generous .
these guys are honest , fair and take there job seriously .
serious value !
the sushi combinations seemed very `` _num_ 's '' and outdated .
nachos were just chicken , cheese , and meat .
i love this hotel .
the guys in the shop are great too .
receptionists are friendly and assistants all are more than happy to help !
i was so disappointed the waiter looked sad !
great beer .
sharon rocks !
i love their food and it is always consistent .
which is really just an insult .
i can not do anything for you . ''
love the place man !
i really like their fettuccine alfredo as well .
it tasted closer to tomato sauce with fish sauce than anything else .
he did it in a timely fashion at a very good price .
what a horrible impression .
there 's still one key would n't stop ringing .
this place has awesome food !
that being said , i attempted to attend a show there recently .
went for the great arizona picnic on saturday and was not that impressed .
i 'd know , this happened to my friends and i .
washer down , i also ordered a beer with tomato juice .
love the venue , the staff could use some help .
sure there were more people , but the staff was rude .
i highly recommend ordering that on a hot day .
so rude !
the feeling lasted for _num_ hours until i was finally able to fall asleep .
when we received the food they both had salad , no fries !
thank you for the new tree !
this is the best location to go for all your tire needs !
plus there 's all you can eat chips and salsa !
also reasonable prices , try it .
very friendly and fast .
you will have no problem finding extraordinary flavors in the food here !
happy hour here is non stop and always perfect .
amazing !
does it right , ever time .
we returned a few nights later and enjoyed some dessert .
my husband had the huevos rancheros , and said it was `` adequate '' .
well , you can , and the beef tacos are amazing .
great wine selection and a pretty good appetizer menu as well .
we will definitely be heading back .
this sounds like an exaggeration - it is n't .
they take their time , and do a good job .
the rooms are musty and old with dirty carpet .
i was very disappointed as i have been wanting to eat here for years .
philly cheesesteak not good .
my friend was obviously horrified and left the store immediately .
will definitely return .
amazing calamari .
the guys are usually pretty cool and friendly .
they are not friendly , or helpful .
what a ripoff for an app , chicken and a bowl of pasta .
attentive and friendly staff .
the younger guys working are the a team !
awesome service and just an all around fun place to be .
this place is a total dump and ripoff .
i 've already told several friends and family members about this place .
love this place !
the green chili pork appetizer is fantastic .
yes , we recommend and we 'll be getting delivery again !
pricing is wonderful .
took forever to be served and the place was dead .
all in all , i will eat there again .
will never use them again , would never recommend them .
sunflower has the best selections of fruits and veggies in town !
disgusting .
one of my top _num_ restaurants in the valley .
the pancake was delicious .
not impressed .
on a side note , this place used to be crowded .
so the food was kind of cold and mushy .
soft light from high windows .
the prices are great and the service is also very good .
very friendly , personable , fast , thorough , and reliable service .
this place rocks .
not good vegetarian food !
i give it a `` hot damn !
good place to eat .
he denied taking the engine apart .
three of us ordered sea bass ( approx .
the enchilada sauce did n't bring out any flavor to the dish .
there is enough competition in this city that you can avoid this company .
so delicious and scrumptious !
i love cowboy ciao !
i had one of the best burgers of my life there .
great foods and great services , highly recommend to others .
the quality of the pasta , sauces , oil , etc is fantastic .
but with two servers for the entire place , what did we expect ?
fun place to go drink beer .
such mediocre food .
- in this case it was customer no service !
the spice levels are always right on with our tastes .
the staff is absolutely delightful .
however , he walked up to the front desk afterwards and demanded payment immediately .
cody was our server and he was excellent !
great value and a lot of fun .
next thing is adding salads ?
read good reviews , so decided to spend a weekend here .
it had a good garlic and spice combination .
dodge electric was amazing !
delivery options make it convenient to order on late work nights .
4th wrong order from here .
she was yelling at me across the store in front of other customers .
also , laura and her staff are extremely accommodating and professional .
great authentic mexican food !
orange table has one of the best breakfast we 've come across .
wonderfully polite and dr. marks is a wonderful doctor .
lance is very personable and takes good care of you .
the parking is terrible .
_num_ % of that inventory comes from these `` new '' owners .
the beers are a bit cheaper and there 's food everywhere !
you 're welcome !
it 's a tiny place .
the decor is mexican which gives it a more authentic feel .
i was disgusted !
i love this place .
the sides are huge portions , so keep that in mind when ordering .
the check-in process is a breeze and the lobby is bright and comfortable .
great selection .
the restaurant has a great vibe .
friendly .
this was not the case today .
service was very good !
liberty , thanks for being there !
good selection of wines to stay or go .
when we did get the food the serving sizes could not have been bigger !
they charge for the actual work and prices are very reasonable .
the food is amazing ... and im not the biggest fan of italian food .
one of my husband and i 's favorite breakfast spot !
even going outside to watch the crowds going by is fun .
service has quick and friendly .
enjoy !
we loved every bite and managed to eat about half of our massive portions .
looks good !
they never mentioned any of these fees upon walk through .
each time i 've been there the food has been great !
i love this place .
you feel exclusive in small space which is a turn on to most .
finally got a good haircut at a discount chain .
overall good , cheap meal and nice experience .
there does not appear to be a location at this address .
i have always had a very pleasant experience here .
they deliver in the food & drink department .
it was great fun and our kids were asking to go back .
we are neighbors and regular customers since they opened .
to our surprise , she said `` no .
most likely absolutely not .
worst restaurant in old town !
drink was amazing and very loaded .
i would recommend this nursery .
however , the selection is nice , but we wo n't be back .
i am continually entertained by the people that frequent this establishment .
good coffee .
both were excellent !
she did an amazing job , i absolutely love my hair !
pool area is not terrible , but not great either .
the chips that came with our order were completely stale and chewy .
the customer service and pricing at camping world is excellent .
food was cold and the service was subpar .
cheesy bread is worth the try as well .
so we ask to have no olives , add tomatoes instead ) .
i had a massage with valerie and she did a great job .
worth it .
perfect customer service !
it was a bother for them to have to deal with me .
they turned rude and said that there was nothing they could do .
excellent pasta dishes and great meatballs too !
ate here with a friend tonight , and it was very , very good .
i love that it 's right down the street from my work .
all in all it 's a great experience !
los olivos has a special place in my heart .
my husband is italian so this was not a great experience .
phenomenal service ( quick , friendly & reliable ) and prices .
awesome staff .
it was just such a stupid process .
_num_ stars is about right .
cheese on everything but the shit beer .
the rate is great and if you book on their site breakfast is included .
will return for sure .
wow , what a day i had .
maybe winter just was n't my season .
the service is always on par .
great place for a nite out .
i just ca n't do it .
the ice cream is a nice ending to your meal too .
met the owner as well and a very nice man !
lastly , the breakfast is over-priced .
i come here every year and always have a great time !
what i remembered was nothing like that .
the atmosphere was perfect for families .
staff are very courteous and kind .
the bartenders are great as well and give healthy wine pours .
when we got to the commercial sales counter the employee did remember my call .
a great place to buy a classic car .
staff was extremely professional and friendly .
great company !
fun shop .
last night we gave this restaurant a second try and was not thrilled .
horrible dentist !
definitely will be back .
they also are very dependable and punctual !
i will be back !
not so at grazie .
the tortillas are the best .
thank you to everyone at vca northern .
upon entering i realized something was very different - there was hardly any suits .
i highly recommend to try their double chocolate brownie and their cookies .
good food , good service , good prices .
all of the staff was so nice and friendly .
solid place reminds me of the mexican food in san diego !
since there is no option for zero stars then i 'll choose just _num_ .
love baker wee !
everything is good you ca n't go wrong !
amazingly large and diverse wine selection and ever changing `` flight '' menu .
this place is the worst .
awesome family restaurant .
and the service impeccable .
these guys are way too inconsistent .
it all goes together perfectly .
the steak here is the best ever !
frankly i am disappointed .
their collection is beautiful and the people are super nice and helpful .
i was happy i found this store .
best house margarita in town , hands down .
prices are excellent as well .
i would n't recommend coming here .
the pizza was terrible .
with all of our spring training choices ... to give them money was criminal .
every other stalls sell plain tacos .
what a great place !
great place .
do n't think she knows how to key in the order correctly .
this location is closest to my house and is open pretty late .
highly recommended .
unfortunately the food was cold by the time it arrive to our table .
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .
i expected the lunch portion at 1pm , since lunch is served until _num_ .
good time for all ages .
definitely check it out !
for me the drive is worth it .
i love this bar ... .
the atmosphere is great .
it is packed .
no apologies , no concern .
the service was very attentive and professional .
horrible customer service today !
my husband got the halibut special , it was a little dry .
always a great food being served .
terrible lighting .
so what happened to this place !
my new favorite smoke shop .
wow , ridiculous .
love it .
course was in great shape and the staff is very friendly and helpful .
everything we had here -- and we ate a ton -- was fantastic .
there was not very much pepperoni .
i only end up there for convenience ... apparently the service staff thinks differently .
there is a wide range of services offered and nice friendly staff .
really helpful and friendly .
btw one of the guys in my group got the wrong sandwich .
i can definitely see now why it 's so hyped .
i had _num_ very good slices of thin crust cheese pizza .
a year ago i would have rated this place _num_ stars .
we may have gotten _num_ min of actual workout on the surf boards .
and splurge and eat the bread ... worth it !
bathrooms are pretty clean , and the drinks are pretty good .
the staff is friendly and always good for a laugh .
skip it .
great food , but horrible service .
we had nachos , a patty melt , and some beers .
burgers and awesome french fries .
one of the best mexican restaurants in the valley .
i absolutely love this dentist and the entire staff .
i never write reviews on yelp but zizzo is seriously so great !
customer lost !
food was pretty good , the wait service was disappointing .
sand floors , great colors , all they need is the ocean !
they discounted our food but we all barely ate - very disappointing brunch !
there is no sound conditioning whatsoever in this place .
great bbq !
uh , no .
this is definitely our favorite restaurant .
received a mexican pizza with no sour cream , and a regular taco .
classic italian food .
friendly staff .
both were good and had a good level of spiciness .
love tea time here !
i loved their mushrooms & tortillas .
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .
we will not be back !
i highly recommend this place for piercings .
great service and great food .
the salon itself is really stylish with jewelry , a cafe friendly reception area .
last time i went , my roommate ordered `` vegetarian spring rolls . ''
special occasion was for my lovely wife 's birthday .
i highly recommend defalco 's !
the prices are good .
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .
first night of my honeymoon has been officially ruined .
massage was worthless .
dh & i came to bravo bistro tonight .
they are great people with fair prices .
do n't do it ... you 'll be sorry !
very painful when you have a starving _num_ year old .
i only said that it made me sick .
i would have no reason to go back .
this goes for my boyfriend as well .
good basic sushi .
do n't eat the chicken !
the tv has very poor reception on most channels .
they got it on just before sunset and i drove back .
he is a wonderful asset to the downtown !
big rip off !
i had been wanting to try this place forever .
both were delicious , good thing we like to share !
horrible .
apples dipped in interesting and often multiple toppings .
always the best and service is amazing .
ugh guilty pleasure at work !
never gave us that chance .
great options for dinning nearby , nice clean neighborhood .
do n't waste your time or money in this place !
the food is pricey but well worth the money .
such a relaxing a great place to eat .
this place is by far , my favorite pizza restaurant !
the pickles were disgusting .
lastly , it must be said , that it is clean .
they are very kind to wine drinkers as well .
i ordered many sides and all the vegetables were bland .
amazing !
the waitress did n't come back !
wow , great pizza .
i had my eyebrows done by amanda , she did an excellent job !
decent selection of meats and cheeses .
the ribs were not baby back , they were beef ?
but no , the owner does n't care about it .
then my mother in law ordered a patron margarita , it was over poured ?
good sammy .
each time recently it has been better and better and deserves five stars .
the food was delicious and plentiful .
we found it on a recommendation of the waiter at tortilla factory .
for the price , this is more than acceptable .
poor attitudes and customer service from the techs .
carrie 's class was amazing !
the platter was not mentioned after that .
most the people here are friendly and helpful .
the service is top notch !
this is just an all around bad apartment leasing company .
the food was fantastic , we ca n't wait to go back !
this is the place for you !
they are open until ten every evening and have the best staff .
three times i gave this place a chance .
they found every reason in the book not to honor it .
the food is delicious , and razz knows his wine .
he is a sweetheart and got to know us as a table .
this is the worst food ever .
food always comes out fast and piping hot .
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .
all are good !
they serve stale food and the service is terrible .
after 30+ minutes of waiting , we were escorted to our table upstairs .
i tried the spicy salsa and the roasted peppers salsa .
well , here you go .
great ambiance .
definitely high on my list .
the tortillas were so fresh & the salsas were delicious .
all in all , i would n't make a special trip .
the carne asada is juicy , the pastries unique and fresh .
this location has been there for years and i hope it stays that way !
walked in with my mom so she could buy some shoes .
excellent full meal for $ _num_ !
i need to note , we visited on a thursday .
i hate drunk giants fans - minus _num_ stars !
they sucked - period .
i was excited to go back .
the margaritas are watered down and the beers are flat !
actually , no ... it was pretty flavorless even when we reheated it .
so many options of healthy food i love it !
the home of the best salad i 've ever had .
my entre was $ _num_ .
it could be any lame bar in any lame city .
service was mediocre .
on top of its decent size , it was packed full of beef !
way too much salt .
great service .
the food is terrible .
i love that you can find really fresh and healthy options here .
i walked out not that excited .
we waited _num_ minutes for our food .
generous portions , excellent flavor and well priced .
anyways , food was mediocre as well .
serves different rice and noodle bowls .
and both were delicious .
we got plenty of special attention as did the other guest .
my boyfriend and i love this restaurant .
: ) ) ) )
i love love this place .
overall , i had a nice time both experiences and would recommend to others .
i 've had some amazing steaks here and last nights ribeye was no different .
the staff was friendly , fast and took care of her problem .
great place to go !
amazing food , wine , happy hour , service , atmosphere , etc .
the food was bad .
their food is of poor quality and high cost .
a little slow , but most sonic 's are so i get it .
both were equally delicious .
thanks !
cool place .
but if you eat something spicy then you wo n't care .
i agree with the majority , the food is great !
total lack of caring .
i would 've taken back if i did n't live _num_ min north .
we love going to uncle sal 's .
the shrimp tempura roll fell completely apart when i picked it up .
all in all a good experience , we will be back here .
what a great store !
their hours work well with my schedule .
guess what , the office could care less !
and , the meatballs omg !
the tuna tartare at $ _num_ was okay but not very flavorful .
i should have stopped him and made him redo the whole thing .
i was worn out after eating them to be quite honest .
well , the chicken was hella dry and bland except for the buffalo sauce .
even the owner took time to sit and talk with us and share stories .
they go above and beyond to ensure your satisfaction .
wrong .
the night i went i thought the dj was actually spinning pretty well .
however , the front desk receptionist was rude , overbearing and unprofessional .
they kept the place cool and the service was very attentive .
loved the brother in-laws leftover thin crust too .
once paid we look at the selection and where very disappointed .
their coffee is just okay , but all of the food is great .
if possible i would stay far away from this place .
inside is kind of small but i always get togo .
we just did n't even bother eating there .
maybe it was because they were n't selling me new tires .
phone clerk ( cesar ) was a a $ $ .
the food is fresh and natural tasting .
i was very dissapointed .
these people are just so great .
my most favorite veggie burgers & baked potatoes in all of the world !
everyone loved their food .
great service they did awesome job .
don is the best .
but this whole situation was completely in the interest of making a sale asap .
best strip club ever !
thee best yet !
great dinner with my brother , his wife and son .
the landscaping crew keeps the grounds impeccable , truly amazing !
extremely convenient location for old town and fifth street .
best one we have found .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !
it was the most awkward phone call i 've ever had .
love the atmosphere and the food is great !
management does not see the problem with it .
the service is impeccable and the food authentic .
great lunch for the price .
most delicious ny style pizza !
i got an egg white omelet with home fries and it was cooked perfectly .
but , this past week i have gone into ace hardware _num_ times .
i do my best to manage my expectations , i.e .
i 've moved a lot and have had to change doctors many times .
the food is what i love over the beer .
the service at dinner last night was awful .
loved it !
great place for lunches .
they are so polite to their customers and treat their regulars like family .
this particular location is my favorite .
the grounds are well kept and the staff is friendly and professional .
no powdered sugar .
i have stopped in several times with family and have not left disappointed .
when we arrived , we were promptly seated in the direct sun .
a very bad one .
it is delicious !
and these idiots put my truck through the was with the back window down .
: ) we were happy to try it out ... .
along with the slightly bland miso soup , i was happy with the meal .
the employees there just pass you on to another employee .
the customer service is awesome .
the bread was n't good at all .
they just never seem to have their basic food available upon request .
the cakes and cookies are pretty scrumptious .
it is melissa , and she sadly turns out to be the manager .
this is by far the best italian place i 've ever eaten at !
or they put eyes down like they did n't hear you !
love this little place .
i really loved the wings .
very satisfied with this meal .
the burros were alright but i 've had much better .
the margaritas were delicious and strong .
everything i 've had i 've loved !
i will never call or step foot in this place .
when he came out the woman followed and completely ignored us .
then , i did n't pay it no mind .
too much bbq sauce .
best sushi in old town .
thank you again !
i am so disappointed .
i am a huge fan .
the meals at bandera are always amazing at this place .
this restaurant is a solid place with a good buzz .
they came to my home and fixed it same day !
try sunrise cafe instead .
i ordered shrimp fajitas and there were no tortillas included !
they had a quick turnaround time and very reasonable price , good customer service .
nothing really stood out for me .
i would definitely recommend this daycare .
i do n't know .
i must go back , so much to do and see .
the service was decent but unfortunately the food was served cold and undercooked .
nice tvs with morning news and markets .
that i was not in or invited to join at this bike shop .
they were so helpful and friendly and was able to accommodate all our needs .
i noticed that the _num_ piece was _num_ .
also , never have coffee here .
what we got was poorly flavored food and disappointment .
very good sushi , great portions , and decent prices .
atmosphere is awesome , service is excellent .
then i mean the food comes .
the salsa is amazing !
great service as well .
i love my new haircut and will definitely be going back in the future .
avoid it if you can .
this place is the worst !
this location is fab for many reasons .
they did an exceptional job !
way too pricy for what you actually get , for sure .
`` , she said , `` well , we 're very busy tonight . ''
maybe it was n't even the groupon .
waitress : chicken caesar salad ?
thanks ron !
finally some answers !
the food perfectly compliments the atmosphere of the lovely , italian grotto .
i have gone here for years , but change of ownership this last month .
i wo n't get into details .
best lunch deals !
there are much better places for breakfast .
it was good .
we probably wo n't be returning .
bottom line , they can not be trusted for accurate or competent work .
she also offered me a free facial the next time i came in .
walked in and noticed the outdated decor ... and the smell .
very noisy if you yourself are n't going out drinking .
great customer service !
in particular the bathroom was disgusting .
worst outback in the chain !
your taste buds will thank you .
wo n't be back .
it is juicy and has the special sauce and is just fatty goodness .
the best meal of the bunch was korean bbq .
will never stay here again , and neither should you !
went immediately to another hospital where i was admitted .
this was my experience when i visited chandler valley urgent care .
the food , fruits and flowers are extraordinary .
one of my favorite restaurant 's .
great food at great prices .
the tamales are excellent !
the wait for your food is totally worth it and acceptable with their quality .
johnny , the manager , told me that he would issue a gift certificate .
our waiter would disappear & left us for _num_ mins after giving our bill .
all prepared well .
check was _num_ off .
almost all of the shows i have seen here have been extremely pedestrian .
the trade i asked for and a _num_ % + less interest rate .
came at night so ca n't account for the view .
i am very happy with the service so far .
kendra really knows her stuff !
fabulous !
i love the quality of their food and their reasonable prices .
unfortunately , the new policies have made it that much harder .
i 'm still sick from those few bites !
i will not be going back here .
at no point did i raise my voice or ask anything inappropriate .
i liked it though .
i ate it all because i was starving , but the chili tasted weird .
very clean rooms and fitness center .
at this point , i 'll break the lease to get out of here .
of course , i love crepes ( so that helps ) .
food was delicious .
the ambiance of the restaurant was fantastic !
pecan chicken salad sandwich was very tasty and the sourdough bread is really fresh .
needless to say i will be searching for another tailor .
the guy who runs it is really nice .
the veggies were awful and strange .
delicious ice cream .
really quality work and just fun to talk with .
all were good .
just a wonderful experience .
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .
this place sucks .
highly recommended for special occasions .
i love that feel of the place .
our waitress nicole , was great .
for sure got ta come back to try more of their menu !
great ambiance !
always looks good , never suspect !
innovative southwestern cooking .
enjoyed our stay here .
the place is cute inside and the staff was great .
love this little piece of italy in the valley !
it was a simple battery replacement that turned into a nightmare .
could n't have cared less .
there was no other brow lady , no other occupied shop for that matter .
either way very disappointed .
they were referred by my doctor and i was very pleased .
pretty staff and dancers .
absolutely worth the drive every couple weeks .
this store is nasty .
i live in glendale and the drive is definitly worth it .
pricey , good for special occasions .
and yes i can eat all of it .
i also like the fact that they have a drive-thru .
this is a nice place , it is a bit pricey .
it is not worth to splurge over $ _num_ per night to stay here .
this place is great .
place sucks .
this place is a ripoff .
onion rings were great .
thanks again anthony !
recommend reservations for the patio area .
the food was cold .
so is your stuff any good ? ''
you definitely get what you pay for at elements .
the pizza was phenomenal !
a month or so later , i went in again .
came on a sunday , which was pretty dead .
thank you michele !
this was the worst service we have ever seen .
great service .
wow .
its my new favorite thing !
how did advanced auto come to the conclusion that my compressor was bad ?
the bar is always packed on sundays and the crowd is a fun one .
then the calamari was light and delicious .
thanks sugar bowl !
terrible terrible service !
this place was absolutely horrible .
the casual atmosphere and the food here is great !
but so far , very nice employees and fantastic grounds .
excellent food and wine .
i liked the crunch of the salmon skin , the flavor was not bad .
awesome food .
we were there for _num_ hours .
i would never go back for more of that though .
i would recommend this to anyone of any level of expertise .
i dealt with scott who was very professional and kind .
this place just does not have good japanese food .
other than that - awesome in every way .
do n't you want privacy , hence the name `` private dance '' ?
i receive excellent service every time .
would highly recommend !
we stopped at the pumpkin patch for everyone to get a pumpkin .
she refuses to reverse this charge .
had a great experience here !
lunch special prices are unbeatable and the pizza is the best !
eclectic people who love beer and great food !
thank you !
banana cream pie heaven !
holy cow !
awesome .
incredible service and work .
and all the women love my cut !
the food is great and the place is fun .
i highly recommend this place .
`` have we offended you ? ''
will definitely go here from now on .
when we arrived _num_ % of the restaurant was full .
the prices are okay but not the best in the area .
i love the pad thai .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
avoid this place if you care about your health .
no big deal .
my husband and i have been going here for _num_ yrs .
this will be a regular from now on for me .
great location right downtown as well .
great place ... ... .
the staff were very friendly and courteous .
our home building through them has been a nightmare .
chase made our birthday party the best ever ... food was fantastic !
jim is extremely knowledgable and a pleasure to deal with .
the greens looks as if they were lacking water .
party of _num_ went on a thursday night .
the food was barely edible .
this place is awesome !
i would recommend this office to anyone and everyone .
however , the few minutes turned into _num_ minutes .
why list was crazy expensive too and not that great .
great atmosphere .
staff is nice and straight forward , honest about wait times and prices .
best pizza place in town better than any other .
sign up on their website and they will send you coupons all the time .
the young hip mom that cuts my hair is awesome !
the drive thru was backed up with no food going out .
worst place to stay and they have roaches .
the outside of the venue was nice but the inside was awful .
maybe it cost you $ _num_ .
after this third visit , we will not be returning !
the views of the valley at night are spectacular .
the service is exceptional and friendly and the food is amazing !
i highly recommend him .
food was a disappointment .
the massage therapists are awesome !
heather h. has been my stylist for years !
management : get a clue !
this place is horrible !
bread was cold .
the food was alright and definitely not worth the price .
have taken my two dogs there twice now , always friendly and great service .
good chips and salsa .
i got two pair glasses there they were great value .
dear to my heart .
the circumstances being that the restaurant was simply too crowded .
one of the best north indian restaurants in arizona .
i love breakfast .
unfortunately , he was not our server .
the young lady was very helpful explaining the change .
this place was really nice ( and really packed at lunch time ) .
while we were there , we asked about getting some new keys cut .
it was n't a bad dish , it just was n't a good dish .
awesome .
breakfast today was very disappointing .
the shame is on them .
excellent food !
great service !
three of three strikes , shame on us for giving it another shot .
during our visit we saw _num_ plates come out of the kitchen .
this woman makes the best damn bloody marys ( outside of a bar ) !
everything i have ordered has always been amazing .
dr. dan is the man !
mediocre food and a bartender that does n't know how to make martini !
if i would have been given chips i may have eaten it .
the staff was friendly and knowledgable and very professional .
will definitely be eating here a lot !
i dunno , there 's this weird vibe at the place .
my to-go place for specialty martinis and a wonderful wine list .
a great museum that my _num_ year old can grow into .
dingy dark spot to stop in and see a range of comics .
my husband and i had honest air install our new ac unit .
i 'm loving this place .
loved this experience .
pretty reasonable and awesome mexican food .
the second time makes me think that this is a habit .
the problem started when our food was delivered before the wine .
really love this place .
not bad , considering the rarity of some of those bottles .
oh man !
had a delightful late lunch on the patio .
good stuff all around and priced right .
definitely a must to sit outside during the nice weather !
i just love the fairly authentic new mexican food !
food was always good .
service is always good .
they actually did more damage to our equipment than they fixed !
the place is so clean .
absolutely no idea how this place got rated _num_ stars .
it was so rude .
pleasant surprise on a sunday afternoon .
but no , i think they truly earned a _num_ .
it wo n't disappoint !
things happen , the place did n't look dirty .
mike the bartender is my favorite .
very disappointed .
there are a few servers left from the old owner but they hate it .
get your sweets fix elsewhere .
worst customer service ever .
lots of great dance music for all ages .
the fans were on high making the place cold .
great place for good date night .
the most adorable coffee spot in mesa .
way too many other great mexican options in town .
the whole beans were amazing .
very good sushi , .
anyways , i got home and the pizza was great !
i 'm happy .
i just want a fucking steak .
but i like !
and it 's super clean .
they are very inconsistent with their quality of food .
it was our first time here and we stumbled upon it .
i regret that decision .
_num_ minutes in we finally place our order .
again tasting strong and very fishy , obviously not fresh and home made .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
the workmanship was fabulous and they really went above and beyond with the details .
very good people and amazing food .
the vet was really nice and informative .
expensive , but good .
it had a nice crowd .
next time , ask me for my id .
these guys are amazing !
rob is a great bartender and always makes sure you have a drink !
highly recommend !
i had one beer and was kicked out for being `` drunk '' .
service was pretty good .
my favorite place !
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .
the condition was good for this time of year .
just remember you get what you pay for !
salsa and chips were the best part .
we left with nothing after sitting here for an hour and a half .
i will be back again and again !
first , they charged me more than i signed for .
the fried wontons are yummy but the egg rolls are super bland .
fourth ... and most importantly ... food .
overall we enjoyed our time .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
also , the cute outdoor patio was nice as well .
baker wee saved the day !
check out their dinners to go !
everyone enjoyed their meals .
this was a great find !
anyway , i ca n't express enough how much i hate this place .
they have good art , but horrible customer service .
really great italian food !
my beer did not come with her drink so i waited and waited .
i love these donuts because they taste great and the texture is even better .
he said the food could have been hotter temperature wise .
the property is gorgeous and the accommodations are everything you could hope for .
place is nice and big and has everything separated by type .
he gave me practical advice and my a/c is working great !
service was great and friendly .
then they offered us $ _num_ back .
pei wei is just as awful for less .
this is the worst restaurant meal i have ever had .
if i could give it zero stars i would .
excellent service and friendly waitstaff .
i 'm so happy with their honesty !
the food is wonderful , one of the better steaks i have ever tasted .
i love the simplicity of this small sandwich shop .
mimosas and coffee finished off a perfect meal .
a great neighborhood spot that is family owned and operated .
big fan !
and this is my _num_ time to the place .
this is not the case .
thanks and see you again soon .
okay , that is one star too many .
wonder quality .
by far one of my favorite restaurants in old town scottsdale .
good food .
lots of fun people watching .
just totally fails .
after going through all of that the food was just ok .
quoted a fair price , and i picked up my truck that afternoon .
makes you feel all special and shiny inside .
not what i expected from the reviews and not satisfying .
also , he has one nurse practitioner who i can not stand !
definitely will come back to this location .
the food was terrific !
but i 'm sure it 's great !
the service was great !
that would be ridiculous , throwing money away .
food is always hot !
however , the rice was hot in the sushi and rolls !
it was soggy , and tasted like a wet foot .
i love the feel of it !
the course is always in great shape and their driving range is good .
all the lights are working like they should now , very satisfied customer !
the second time , i had a hamburger and fries .
it was soggy and gross .
ribs are great as well meat falls right off the bone .
this place is pretty good .
the service is great !
decent food and good service .
prices are great ... the best part of this place !
love the qt .
maybe the kitchen was n't used to the slow demand .
terrible service .
the only reason i gave it two stars is because the ring is nice .
the fries were just fine but the steak was pitiful .
we needed a place to go , have fun and listen to good music .
the staff there is wonderful and they make sure everything is just right .
this place is very classy -- great decor and atmosphere .
but the second time was my final visit .
relatively small - _num_ rooms - which is nice .
needless to say , we were extremely disappointed with the breakfast club .
the coffee and salads are delicious !
however , directly across the road is a very large power plant .
the cheese enchilada with red sauce was just meh .
they failed to mention it until we seen the sign .
my car went in completely filthy and came out virtually spotless and shiny .
it was fun to look at wide variety of beers .
with the excellent customer service we received it was well worth the money .
in summary , helpful , informative , and good prices .
the wait was worth it .
i 'm tired of being ripped off by these people .
the chef razz is a culinary genius !
it 's wrong . ''
i am however very disappointed in how they presented the vehicle .
i am so happy with the work she has done .
the huge sides are always delicious as well .
by far the best i 've experienced in a long time .
i already called the corporate number and gave feedback to the corporate web site .
egg drop soup is not rocket science .
food was good , not great , but service was very good .
my friend ordered the club and she said it was great too .
my sister ordered caesar salad , and the stuffed mushroom appetizer .
bring guests here often and everyone is happy .
i made reservations for 6:30pm on a monday night .
the prices were extremely reasonable and service was great .
more of a type of place you would find in the southwest valley .
i would not go back .
after _num_ pm , no shot .
i have received so many compliments on them already !
all were polite , timely and professional .
i stopped by on a saturday , the store was not too busy .
they have a good selection of food and beer .
sir , jay ... you should not storm like a bull towards my table .
anyway we ordered food it was bland .
meatball waited on us and he made excellent food and beverage recommendations !
will definitely go back for hh .
love the decor .
nice and slow .
i 'll be back and i will pay him at some point !
she was in a lot of pain and had the hardest time breathing .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
the food was delicious .
she did not make eye contact with us once .
i am only _num_ miles away .
great food , drinks , atmosphere and service .
did i say terrible management ?
no , i 'm sorry .
the mushroom dish excels in flavour .
room number two was n't made up or cleaned .
thanks to a great company !
however , do we tip at taco bell ?
one of the best desserts i 've ever had !
this whole horrible evening had started at 6:30 pm .
we had a great time at zipps this week .
this was the definition of a great restaurant .
will continue to use their services in the future .
very generous portions .
this restaurant is always a treat .
the beer selection is amazing !
love this place !
two bad experiences are enough , i 'll eat elsewhere from now on .
i opened it up and was amazed .
the vibe in here is very cool , and very entertaining .
i definitely recommend this place and will go back .
eric helped us and he did an excellent job !
this place is the best .
my kids loved this place !
my brother goes up to the counter and asks what machaca is .
do n't let the neighborhood scare you off ... it 's perfectly safe .
i can laugh about it now , i was pissed at the time .
love the fresh salsa .
he very thorough and always take the time to listen to my needs .
horrible service .
next time ill go anywhere else and get _num_ pizzas for that price !
love it .
this is a very special place to go .
it was like something a super drunk person would fix at 4am .
coming from la and san diego , this would be pathetic sushi !
this is really a hidden gem in old town scottsdale .
he 's just amazing .
the food took _num_ minutes to come out and was completely cold .
make sure to book your appointments with melanie , she is fantastic !
i had a great time here .
very happy with the service , price & honesty !
the meat was somewhat spicy , but overall it was bland .
maybe i just got the wrong dishes ?
the cole slaw was n't bad , but was still too sweet .
this agents office is outstanding .
chris in service handled a repair we needed with excellent service !
love the sweet onion sauce on a chicken breast sub !
music is great !
every detail is top notch .
but it is worth it !
a very enjoyable day in renaissance england .
i would go back but with a good coupon .
the crust is perfect and so is the sauce .
ugh .
always clean , great food , great staff and good prices .
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !
great experience !
terrible food .
everyone else there seems pretty cool , too .
if i could give them zero stars , i would .
however , we are happily leaving .
how i miss the good old days .
above and beyond for sure !
i feel like a master chef now .
he does fabulous work at very fair prices .
after visiting bikram yoga tempe , this studio is not too great .
fantastic location , close to everything .
i highly recommend her !
so great .
defalco 's italian deli is as good as it gets .
this place is a dream .
i will not recommend this place or go back .
i would recommend tori to anyone !
food is great and love that this place is family owned .
the fish came out very soggy and chips were soggy as well .
that 's why you got a _num_ % tip tonight .
obviously , no longer a customer .
would definitely recommend !
got it !
worst mani/pedi i have ever had !
upon arrival we followed the instruction and attempted to connect to the house .
delicious food , wonderful lunch menu .
i got tickets which price used to be _num_ .
it 's not that hard to please the customer .
highly recommend stopping by for breakfast !
this place is a gem !
i love this place !
what a wonderful experience !
the ladies would not even acknowledge my presence in the store .
terrible !
definitely coming back !
groupon of $ _num_ for a `` salon cut and style '' .
she also called and had it transferred and filled in under half an hour .
not worth $ _num_ !
the people working here were rude and unhappy .
we will definitely be back and be bringing friends !
they are so good .
prices for the chicken was very reasonable .
great atmosphere , wonderful staff .
nice people and very fair prices !
we were very happy to stumble upon it !
amazingly poor customer service .
they are totally affordable and did a great job .
the sausage looked more like ground beef , maybe it was .
very disappointed in the food !
they are fast , efficient , friendly , and affordable .
got the fried shrimp , chicken nuggets , fries and onion rings .
the staff are fast , friendly and the restrooms are always clean .
the service was great and the food was delicious .
the prices are excellent and they offer quite a few specials !
menu is great , the items were priced well for the quality of food .
the mattresses were hard and clearly old .
it seems like you see the same people there all the time .
and stuff was n't done .
we feel so blessed to have our four children attend christ church school .
even better wine selection downstairs and a laid back lounge .
it 's here where things were just a little bit off .
food portions were generous and presented nicely .
he really took his time and our hair turned out perfectly .
the service is always fast , and nice .
thumbs down !
best dinner night in scottsdale .
but sometimes it 's worth paying a premium for location .
fantastic sushi and rolls but i am not fond of their cooked dinner entrees .
we love this place .
i ordered the burger with fries and then noticed it was $ _num_ .
if you are looking for spicy this place is it !
steak was ordered rare and it was cooked rare .
she sent the plate back a second time .
this place is amazing .
scottsdale is supposed to be better than this .
the food was good -- not excellent -- but really good .
highly recommended for quality batteries and good service .
we ended up paying $ _num_ for _num_ entrees .
the restaurant was nice and clean inside .
that dish absolutely rocked .
did not try the food and probably will not .
this place is amazing !
until then , too expensive for what is lacking .
the entire team is fantastic .
good fountain drinks .
this might be a harsh review but i gave them _num_ chances .
seriously , that actually happened .
bandera gets it !
if you 're a foodie you 'll love this place .
she is not .
tonight is saturday and we were the only _num_ people in there ?
my parents stay here and are very happy !
awesome spot .
the best choice i could of made .
i recommend the place .
is it the best chinese food in phoenix ?
staff is very professional and nice .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !
it is not clean and i even pointed out a cockroach out to them .
service great .
not such a great experience at the improv last night .
the ambiance , however , was definitely lacking .
super affordable .
did n't need a refund , just replacement .
sea saw is the home to my best meal ever .
but it 's totally a hidden gem !
he treats his staff just as poorly .
this place was the best .
very good place , the room service sooo nice .
holy cow , i love this place .
have n't been there in _num_ years .
she was horribly unhelpful and almost rude at that .
thus its very difficult to get myself into the classes i need .
the facility is clean and busy with clients , always a good sign .
no smiles , no nothing .
way to get it right , jack in the box .
nope , way way worse .
i love the papago peak brewery .
rest of food was mediocre .
how can you mess this one ... well it happened .
i love this place .
yikes !
you will find no personal service from this location .
the food here is amazing .
maybe other dishes on the menu are better i do n't know .
i wish i could take back the tip i originally gave her .
if i could give this place _num_ stars , i would !
worst experience ever !
also , the garlic bread is amazing .
excellent food and drinks !
not good .
i do not recommend this salon .
pizza is always fantastic .
the steak !
it is a great family run business who take great pride in their work .
i guess this business does n't want my business .
i tried to taste it , it literally tasted like nothing .
i was very impressed on saturday night .
_num_ minutes after seating the server finally comes to take our order .
this place is awesome !
in summary , i was a fan before but now i 've experienced better .
supremely cool and relaxing boutique hotel .
apparently , this does not include tickets for the dinner and the show .
excellent hair salon .
best buttermilk bars i 've ever had !
the food is always great and the employees are wonderfully talented !
always consistent and fresh .
good stuff .
there was also dead roaches and bugs under the stove !
before _num_ and she again said sorry and that was it .
breakfast has to be my favorite time of the day !
best place that i have ever stayed !
a scottsdale secret that everybody has to experience when in town .
def a fan !
this has become my favorite `` chain '' pizza , by far .
i will definitely recommend this place to anyone i know who gets engaged .
wonderful atmosphere .
great persian restaurant in phoenix .
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .
my favorite is the chicken mole .
not family friendly !
great experience .
shoot , i would go to chipotle over this place any day .
i only went there because of all the positive yelp reviews .
checking on my complaint in april _num_ on yelp it seems it was removed .
a friendly staff and amazing selection of domestic and imported beer .
only the rail bottles of alcohol .
this store is located in old town scottsdale gives tourists a bad experience .
all in all , i love this place and its service .
the general crowd consists of a majority of very fascinating regulars .
my two girls love coming here .
this place is so charming and unlike any other .
our bartender was fantastic , food was delicious and timely .
the price is very reasonable .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?
worst location in arizona .
good food , and a unique western themed atmosphere .
the food was really good .
i love kazimierz !
it 's amazing .
i felt very safe .
the salsa is pretty good too .
sure they know what they are talking about but they could care less .
the baked potato soup is always perfection .
both were really good .
even something simple like chicken teriyaki and miso soup were not great .
i love sweet and salty together .
_num_ ) no free wi-fi .
finance tries to bend you over .
the pizza is excellent .
i am disappointed .
seriously , camelback is awesome !
the evening was just outstanding .
very nice property set in beautiful grounds .
one of the meals was so overcooked it had to be sent back .
the food is above average , and the pricing very reasonable .
boring and overpriced .
food , service , everything else is so average .
we had places to be so unfortunately , i left hungry .
rick was outstanding .
their strawberry jam is freshly made .
awesome food !
the coffee has always been good .
friendly , fast service and great prices on used tires .
the sauce was very tasty , the meatloaf was tender and not dry .
perfect for a lunch or dinner date .
will go again !
service is always top notch !
why we did nothing wrong .
beautifully maintained property in a great location !
most disgusting pizza i 've ever tasted .
ask lots of questions and then go find someone else to get one from .
unfortunately , it was a huge disappointment .
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .
it 's not like i was renting for only a weekend .
i hate to give this place a _num_ star , but i have to .
i always get chicken and it 's really tasty .
the only full service car wash near my house .
love the new store and they have the best donuts .
to find a chip with cheese or refried beans on it was very rare .
i always leave elements feeling like a better person .
wow !
very disappointed , heard good things .
love this place !
hate to say it , but the service was horrible !
generally hit and miss on your drink order at this starbucks .
the food is fabulous as is the service !
please come closer to my hood .
the other servers were checking on there tables constantly .
we found this place and it was great .
they got everything sports on screen , awesome !
highly recommend .
never ordering from this store again .
i really love the arizona one .
great people !
its quiet and romantic and really unique .
i am from new york city and this place is horrible !
the office even smells good !
grazie 's food is great !
the best salon in mesa that i 've visited .
seriously hate this place .
they make great martinis too !
both of our meals were wonderful and we left craving more .
the line moves a little slow , but it 's definitely worth the wait .
always a bonus when my family comes to town .
_num_ 1/2 rounded up to _num_ .
they ca n't sit parties larger than _num_ .
service was quick , friendly , and attentive .
a daily lunch and dinner board displays the specials .
if they ever want to survive they need to do a _num_ degree turn .
food was excellent as always !
i will definitely be back .
delicious and very attentive service .
love grimaldi 's .
it was cold at this point .
: ) i have found my new dry cleaner !
pretty gross .
give it a try !
as _num_ year patrons , we are no longer supporting their establishment .
the facility was nice , quiet , and clean .
the pasta we ordered was disappointing .
empty glasses and no follow up on wtf happened to our order .
hopefully they will open back up !
i kinda wish i had , i might of gotten nicer service .
the front patio is nice .
this was not the case at all .
i absolutely love how soft and sweet it was .
prices are the best in the area .
i agree with the previous bad reviews .
the food was very mediocre and it smelled like old beer in the restaurant .
a bit ridiculous .
ohhh and the shredded beef tacos are the best i 've ever had .
they 're burgers are terrible .
great dry cleaner , quick , efficient and affordable .
the flower arrangements were right in line with the colors and style we requested .
everyone knows everyone .
i know weddings do n't go perfectly .
paying _num_ dollars for a sandwich is n't worth it .
all of our guests were pleased with the meal and service .
this starbucks is terrible .
the waitress gave us attitude the entire time .
and only then was i told where my check was .
ok , no problem .
food is sooooo good !
their tamales and tacos are great too !
it 's one of my new favorites .
it 's the worst state farm i have been to .
bar has good deals ; restaurant has average menu but good food .
my wife had an amazing stuffed lobster .
a big waste of money !
there was no spice or taste .
d 's is a wonderful mom and pop shop .
`` ok so why two stars nathan ? ''
our waitress did not have much knowledge of the food .
i used to work near here and we got take out a lot .
go in with an open mind and just take in the experience .
absolutely great customer service .
julio g 's is a poster child for everything a restaurant should not be .
every time i come here i always expect the best .
i love this place !
real maple syrup that use to be $ _num_ is $ _num_ .
i think this is what heaven smells like .
i also enjoy their sushi and appetizers .
the water was absolutely horrible though .
these guys are top notch !
so delicious on their hot bread .
my new favorite taco place .
we got our food incredibly quickly .
perfect temperature food and drinks .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
no free dessert , beer , or anything .
helps pay for your gas !
i ca n't understand why the wait staff is so surly .
an incredible vet !
the wine was extremely over priced .
this restaurant is closed !
green chile beef relleno was excellent .
overall a pretty mediocre experience .
food was fantastic .
always fast .
the salesman was very low pressure ; in fact he hardly talked .
worst experience ever .
great service , super friendly folks - highly recommend this place .
the artichoke pizza is wonderful , and the sausage is just right .
left said he had to get approval and would be back .
the staff is always friendly , and eager to help in anyway .
when i picked her up she was in a great mood and seemed happy .
it is a special treat as few places make it .
no server , no explanation , no attempt to remedy the situation .
finally , my friend asked a waiter that we would like to order .
there is a good amount of space and high ceilings .
i hate to do this but the place is soooo bad .
mike the manager was outstanding !
the food is always good here .
no like suggestions or stars by popular plates how most places have it now .
dos is my favorite scottsdale bar because of the relaxed atmosphere .
i 've eaten here twice , food and service was great .
it works really well will definitely return .
we used pete and mac 's our last visit and they were much better .
went for my appt and was there for hours .
i was very dissapointed .
bread not toasted and not fresh .
perfectly cooked , seasoned and the tortillas taste fresh .
my alterations took _num_ weeks but it was well worth the wait !
he truly deserves more than _num_ stars !
omg i love drift !
jordan is awesome to work with on the phone to get setup .
she was n't friendly .
probably the best chimi for the price , anywhere .
a great place for large groups or families with kids .
i have no clue .
had such a wonderful stay !
but it was better than mine !
fantastic guy - very nice overall experience .
service started out ok but that went downhill as time went on .
great food consistently !
the best in the valley by far !
garry entertained us thru our complete meal !
and every last bite of it was amazing .
service was great .
service was great and our food was out quick .
she is gentle yet thorough and is passionate about her craft .
wonderful gift boutique , and fresh produce , a little pricey , though !
the owner is actually from germany and the food seems authentic .
thank you for such great customer service !
well , where do i begin ?
waited another _num_ for the glass of wine .
please notice the other reviews are outdated .
anyway , the mushroom dish is definitely worth ordering .
great friendly staff .
their bar scene is so cozy and relaxed .
unfortunately , this establishment is the worst panda i have been to .
the staff seem really nice and troy was awesome !
definitely my new place for gyros !
one of my favorite go to spots , i beg to go here often .
it was a nice little additional bang for your buck .
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .
thanks for making our stay so very special and memorable !
something i thought would be so simple , guess not for this sugar bowl .
what an amazing set up !
don & charlie 's is none of this .
no more j & h plumbing for me .
our server was attentive and professional throughout our meal .
i will not be going back .
we were looking forward to it but , unfortunately , were very disappointed .
awesome !
my review is mainly in regards to my interaction with tony the manager .
great place to have a dog .
i have never felt so unwelcome in a store before .
its very cool and classy .
they had an opportunity to correct my issue and instead they lost a customer !
it really was n't worth it .
so make sure to time your arrival in a smart manner .
_num_ days later i 'm in the er still feeling awful .
everything else i could 've done without .
will definitely be back !
it was spectacular and more than we could have ever imagined .
chef did a better job though .
brad not only has an awesome personality but does an amazing job .
great prices , great sushi , great chefs .
no explanation .
i ended up getting _num_ hours of sleep and checking out of the place .
she loved it .
clearly their aggressive pricing comes with poor quality work .
easy on your pocket book !
the water was bad .
i have been approached by many shady people .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .
i do n't complain unless it 's reasonable enough to complain .
super cute !
my friends and i also really enjoyed the music selections .
love the people here and the food is always amazing !
once seated , the service was very slow .
oh , and pastor brian does a great job too .
a good thing about this place is that they will give u a table .
this team of veterinarians is amazing !
problem # _num_ - the hostess was completely clueless and overwhelmed .
very disappointing food and service on a very special night .
the food is excellent and the ambiance is perfect for any date night .
i eat here often and everything is a hit !
bottom line , still not done .
i wrote my first review way too soon .
definitely worth checking out !
they did n't even wipe down the sink ?
melt in your mouth tender .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .
not professional at all .
first off , it 's not a restaurant .
the owner of this shop offers advice in a friendly and helpful manner .
we are definitely fans !
eric and kelly are like family .
it was n't necessarily the content of what she said , but her manner .
good sales on party food .
pepperoni is thick sliced and delicious .
since nobody showed up in _num_ minutes , i decided to leave .
i placed a call in order .
i love stopping here a few times a week and will keep returning !
love this place- food is fresh and tasty , exactly what sushi should be .
from the start the service was amazing .
and how did my bill end up being $ _num_ for _num_ items ?
amazing green pork chili appetizer !
sweet chile wings are where it 's at .
very nice remodel .
, cuz this one 's made the do n't believe the hype list .
will definitely go back and try more dishes from here .
great location , reasonably priced , nice apartment and friendly neighbors .
the decor of the restaurant could use a bit of a remodel .
took ten ( _num_ !
i would recommend them anytime !
the marinara sauce and cream sauce was extremely tasty .
then here came our $ _num_ bill of course tip is included .
i have called the owner several times with no return phone call .
no jam or jelly was served with the toast .
i ca n't thank the great people at zizzo enough !
staff always friendly !
this was our place to go for years and we were never disappointed .
thanks !
the owner is really nice and the prices are good .
wow , this store is small .
the guy known as `` little brandon '' here totally screwed me over .
unfortunately i am pretty pale , so i really need a darker spray tan .
service here is always great .
super friendly and professional and the adjustments rock !
its so fresh and flavorful i could eat it everyday !
amazing green chili mac & cheese , picky about mac & cheese !
i 've provided too many excuses for this place and enough is enough .
great atmosphere and a classic menu .
but i promise you , it 'll be worth it .
the stetson chopped salad is so good !
it was worth it .
she makes the time pass with laughter and wonderful advice .
are you kidding me ?
they have always been a great !
the care that is offered is great and the fees are fair .
they gave me a good one week rate and we 're very courteous .
everyone is very friendly and helpful .
please go check out the flight night .
the drive there is fabulous .
fully stocked kitchen is a great plus !
seriously good deal .
awful and not happy .
it was pretty neat ... especially since one of my questions was chosen !
portions are large and price is reasonable .
they kick ass .
the sushi and teppanyaki are respectable .
delectable !
the only nice thing is the patio .
very tasty !
from hostess to wait staff , everyone is professional and cordial .
i appreciate the atmosphere and decor which both are inviting .
their happy hour pricing is the best in the area !
angel took her time and created the most beautiful and vibrant colors for me .
you guys give us great service and we appreciate it !
i am in town on a business trip and found this place on yelp .
excellent presentation !
it does n't seem like anyone cares to want to have business there .
it was all very good and the prices were very reasonable .
thanks guys !
i was thinking this must be the hot spot !
thanks for the bomb sushi guys !
the service here is not the best .
cheap drinks , friendly service , and a good atmosphere .
oh well , i still love it and go at least once a week !
everything was great , no complaints , except for the service .
sauce is good , and the mozzarella is fabulous .
i was torn between a _num_ and a _num_ on this review .
i think that they have the best pizza in town !
there was plenty of seating .
very disappointed .
he 's a middle aged , boring looking business guy .
it has the old school barber atmosphere that i appreciate and enjoy .
it sucked to park .
i really should have sent these back as well .
idiots .
great place , delicious food , nice staff .
even have another appointment this is the slowest bank in town .
great experience with the new menu .
great flavors .
it 's been such a terrible experience trying to utilize her services we purchased .
absolutely had an amazing experience !
he was totally jerk .
our dishes were constantly being taken away from us before we were even finished .
ugh .
it 's fantastic .
high turnover , poor facilities and regional manager not very helpful .
i have only had the ice cream , but it was sooooo good !
we make the trek from mesa almost every weekend , it 's that good .
the staff was friendly , and the place was clean .
the cashier was also super helpful in helping us find more ways to save !
solid menu .
every time i visit , kyoto provides an activity dinner experience !
the policy states you ca n't return power equipment after _num_ days .
but this was onion , onion , onion .
all the food is outstanding , ca n't go wrong with anything served here .
every time i come to old town scottsdale i have to eat here !
this place is a true treasure .
when that part was over with , dr. dan did what he does best .
i 've been to kona grill in va but i really liked this location .
it 's such a mellow gem tucked away in old town .
the employees are great .
take away went above and beyond last night ( valentines day ! )
the food at the spa restaurant is very good .
she 's awesome and we recommend her to anyone who asks !
and i love it .
a rare gem here in mesa .
i recommend their chimichanga .
everything was done perfectly and we both really loved what we got .
the delivery is quick in the neighborhood and the drivers are always cute .
the blueberry bread pudding is a must for dessert .
the best pizza in town !
i heart starbucks .
but between the _num_ orders for dinner , we had issues with all _num_ .
do n't give these pieces of trash your business anymore .
the food had large portions for the price but just okay taste quality .
the technology used is that good !
i just loved this place !
drinks were amazing .
i 've been ordering from here for years and the quality is always great !
however the food at this place was just gross .
exceptionally yummy !
place is super cute and quaint .
we went here late _num_ and had a buy _num_ get _num_ free coupon .
but again , not worth the price .
here i am on day _num_ and still sick .
love this little gem .
bad management , and bad pizzas !
one of the best views in my opinion in the area .
the food is awesome .
this place is a must must must !
they were very friendly and apologetic .
( why even ask the question when we made the reservation ) !
the sound is great .
the center and theatre was nice .
based on previous reviews , this is not unusual for this location .
i just walked out .
they were a pleasure to deal with .
we made an appointment ( highly recommended ) and worked with lindsey .
for what we had , it was totally overpriced .
nice employees , good prices , and enjoyable breakfast items .
1st class service !
will not be going back .
the bedroom was the best of all .
they are also friendly and professional .
the food was out fast and it the best quality !
i would highly recommend this place to anyone .
real nice !
this is and will always be one of my spots !
i came with my husband and _num_ year old son .
thank you donna !
she 's very friendly and knowledgeable , i have enjoyed every appointment .
new favorite mexican place !
it 's packed .
the selection of people is always interesting .
he ate two bites and pushed it away .
we did n't wait around to try and get ice cream .
customer service in pharmacy is non existent !
so , stay away from this store !
however , something happened recently that may change my mind .
meatloaf was over cooked , green chile burger was flavorless .
even at this time of year the food is great .
rude !
inside i liked the fireplace and the dark lighting and the nice old bar .
i never leave reviews and i am fairly patient person but wow .
very pleased with the prices .
the trainers are great and the free classes i get are awesome too .
drinks are a rip off !
also , the rice was bland ... .
i loved the persian room and it 's truly a hidden gem in scottsdale .
needless to say , i went into this expecting a positive experience .
made my stomach turn _num_ mins .
i came here to buy fudge for christmas and it is completely closed down !
pleasant waiting area .
the food is consistent excellent .
really disappointed .
it is not acceptable .
trash .
the service is generally very good .
would definitely recommend this ace to anyone .
service was always prompt and friendly .
this literally ruined my day .
their own techs could not get them to work !
the staff are super friendly and knowledgeable .
_num_ thumbs down for this location .
she looks up and does n't say anything .
the restaurant was pretty empty after _num_ ... that tells you something .
this place is as fun as you make it .
the salsa is nice and spicy , and the portions were plentiful .
we will definitely be going back to try their pizza and their comedy night !
no customer service .
this one fit perfectly for everyone .
probably the best i have ever tasted with an amazing dipping sauce .
all wonderful and well done .
like everyone says , this place is a hidden gem in oldtown !
friendly people and a great shop that stands by their work .
she 's really nice too .
soooooo good !
delicious food .
this makes the service very fast .
it was so spicy ... mmmm !
horrible just horrible never again .
everything i have tried is absolutely delicious !
very authentic and tasty .
wings were juicy , perfectly spiced , the pizza ?
they also changed their hours so are open to 5pm each day .
i love this place .
great lettuce wraps and the bbq chicken flatbread was awesome !
the area is decent but the complex itself is pretty bad .
but i 'm very pleased with my shoes and bag .
the renovation is awesome !
this just shows you how awful this place is .
would not go back !
i have never been so uncomfortable in my entire life !
we had a party of four and everyone loved their dish .
at which point he walked away , never to be heard from again .
i highly recommend this outback steakhouse .
i shall not be returning for overpriced simple food i can make at home .
staff is very friendly .
i suggest management train their staff and get rid of ones with attitude .
still a bargain compared to human medicine .
will never go back to this tourist trap and never recommend it to anyone .
the calamari was ok not the best and not memorable .
these donuts are so extremely good .
we enjoyed a good meal here at denny 's .
service is always prompt and friendly .
she was also very knowledgable on the entire product line .
our experience at scottsdale springs has been dreadful .
the crowd is a good mix too .
should we start with the ambiance , people watching or wine selection .
we had an amazing experience celebrating our anniversary .
baked stuffed clams , hot and the stuffing was bone dry !
great southwestern restaurant .
do yourself a favor and do not visit this place .
speak with a supervisor , they return my first gps .
this is my favorite new mexican restaurant in arizona .
they truly truly care about the animal .
service is always on point and they offer new menu items often .
we also ordered fish that was way over cooked .
went here for an uber inspection and they were fantastic .
i 've been here twice now with my wife and the food is good .
these wings here are probably some of the best i 've ever had !
all _num_ times dr. howard never took a blood test !
highly recommend this .
however on this occasion i did n't make it past the front desk .
the staff was great .
worst experience ever .
food is great and the service is even better .
that take great care of my dog coco every time .
damn you joe !
the mini sundaes are good as well esp with the hot fudge .
very disappointed !
i just love downtown chandler !
although the food is expensive , the food is definitely worth it .
mustard beef ribs are a must .
very good noodle and meat portions .
amazing bbq !
corporate , are you listening ?
amazing wings !
she was fun to talk with and very knowledgable .
honest hard working guys .
they are so good i 'm afraid anything else just could n't compare .
one of my favorite mexican restaurants in scottsdale .
love this place .
super nice and good at their job - even with kids .
super disappointed .
what an amazing experience !
he rocks and you should n't be a cheap skate ... !
first of all the bread was old .
delicious , that 's all i have to say about this place .
the restaurant has very delicious food .
this place is definitely as fun as you make it !
the whole experience was less than savory .
this place is great .
if you want good persian food , i would suggest going somewhere else .
his prices are competitive and he will take time to do the job right .
best office and staff ever .
i 've had their pizza on several occasions and it has always been good .
overall this experience was excellent .
cowboy ciao is a new favorite , especially for this mushroom lover .
great food !
you will not be able to cancel your membership once you sign up .
the cornbread rocks and brownies too !
cowboy ciao is one of my favorite things about visiting scottsdale !
if i could give zero stars i would .
i am totally impressed with their service here .
they make a bad name for used car dealers .
it was a monday evening and the restaurant was only 1/3 full .
tastes like frozen dinners , like bottom of the line in quality .
they do all the things on their menu well .
amazing customer service .
too bad , now i have to find another place for my mexican lunches .
the food was delicious .
the duck was good and very rich in taste .
unfortunately , it did n't live up to the hype .
very cool memorabilia and setting .
rib tips were n't tips and were way too fatty and tough .
rude staff at the door .
the best view in town .
love this location !
no one asked what i needed help with .
they have an excellent surf and turf option .
it was bland , no flavor .
i would give this place zero stars if i can .
marilyn monroe tribute to say the least .
it had goat cheese , chicken and all the fixings .
however , they lied .
best sushi i 've found in the desert .
but their hummus is fantastic !
he was actually very rude to me then drove away in his golf cart .
we will come back for the comedy but not for the food or drinks .
was she too busy sitting on her butt in the back ?
do n't serve it , you lazy assholes !
tasteless , greasy .
the selection is great and the prices are very reasonable .
great for the family or the curious individual .
the food happens to be good so it 's an added bonus .
plus , i would rather not have mashed potatoes with my italian meal .
great beer selection , staff was very friendly .
karaoke is completely biased to regulars .
it always feels so effortless being there and it truly is a delight .
i will say ruth 's chris is consistent when providing quality food and service .
we 've always been happy .
friendly knowledgable office staff always willing to help .
notes : they just do n't provide good customer service .
they made it look easy , and i was happy with the price .
good customer service to the people and the pets .
our first time and we had a great meal , wonderful service .
one of my all time favorites in the heart of mesa .
always fresh and light and simply outrageous !
this is the 2nd time i 've been to this place .
my friends and i love the food at royal thai grill .
glad i left without giving my business .
it was also thanks to sprouts that i discovered the lovely and versatile quinoa !
waited about _num_ mins , not even a glass of water .
i did n't receive a call from anyone .
beyond amazing .
both my husbands and my eggs were not seasoned whatsoever .
me : what is expensive ?
really nice inside ... not your typical courtyard .
i loved the white garlicky sauce over the red sauce .
just terrible .
great service as well .
i thought it was good .
the prices are very affordable - its worth a try at least once !
star _num_ : how was the service and atmosphere ?
went there with a large group and ordered the chicken parmesan and minestrone soup .
worst salon ever .
no proof but i would n't doubt this ) .
perfect for first date or hanging with friends .
the food is authentic and tastes as good as it reads on the menu .
i 'm so happy i found my new mechanic !
nothing special .
now , it seems to be going downhill ... fast .
this place is not worth it , do not live here .
it was an awful experience !
i do n't even want to give it a single star .
needed a fast wash so stopped in .
my boyfriend and i walked in to ask for dining for _num_ .
unfortunately , the food just did n't measure up .
i think this bar is top notch and the service is awesome !
what a great company .
complete idiot .
the desserts are always amazing , their cheesecake is my all time favorite .
food was nothing special .
overall , great service .
food is decent but nothing exciting .
the staff is always friendly .
as most people can see i rarely leave a crappy review .
really good eggs benedict breakfast !
i would not recommend this hotel .
abby is a great conversationalist .
the food was amazing , the service was outstanding , the atmosphere beautiful .
has a wide selection of beers on draft and bottle .
this place gets _num_ stars because it is good for after work happy hours .
we will definitely be back soon .
the waitstaff were nice but slow and inattentive .
this place sucks .
she brought his , not mine and then asked if i wanted sauce .
how the mighty have fallen .
through the past _num_ years , they 've slipped each year .
we went for a birthday lunch on a quiet weekday and it was lovely .
i love the kitchen !
their sushi is also really good .
the staff is great and many have been there for many years .
jamie does a great job with my cut and color .
the food was delicious !
the lasagna is amazing .
wish i had taken a picture !
she is so good to us every time we come .
could 've have just gotten some at the store and microwaved it myself .
even the toast served with breakfast is good !
difficult to even walk , much less use equipment .
the chicken - a grilled breast tossed on the top of the pasta .
really enjoy the atmosphere in the store .
the bianco flatbread had hardly any toppings on it .
this place has went downhill in a serious way since i was last here .
i love this place !
cute atmosphere !
it 's not worth saving a few hundred dollars .
for dinner , i ordered the pork tenderloin with mexican street corn and grits .
they refuse to let me cancel .
it 's just bad .
the super nachos are really tasty too !
speedy lunch service at a great price and the atmosphere will most certainly impress .
walked in after dinner wanted a blizzard and a pepsi freeze .
paid then they told me they do n't have enough people for their detail .
it was so good .
they got the steak , cheese and peppers just right .
tuesday rolls around and still no papers or update .
always the best quality service .
not impressed with management .
but whatever it is now it has definitely fallen off and definitely not good .
we were disappointed at the decor -- or the lack of it .
great service .
i am stoked that i got so many pretty things .
always clean & busy .
it had a lot of good flavors going on and was cooked well .
all their soups are amazing .
the service is pedestrian , the place is stuffy and the food just meh .
this is an office you can trust .
i loved my fish tacos !
great beer .
nice owner and clerks .
yes you heard right they did the work on the wrong tooth .
just not good but i 've had worse .
i am loving the results !
thanks pep boys !
a little tight but fun with good acoustics .
for starters , the smell .
however my iphone sucks !
our waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu and very professional .
everyone at the table ordered something different and it was all delicious .
bad !
amazing tacos .
none of us ate more than a bite .
good ice cream .
signature hole for me ?
the staff is very friendly and the environment there is awesome .
i 'm still wondering why the bartender amy is still there .
i will return !
the service is fantastic with veteran service staff and talented seating people .
i wo n't be back .
i have no idea why people are rating this place so highly !
i dont think you should treat your customers that way .
rude staff .
love this place , could eat there every day !
absolutely delicious !
not very professional and merely sub par .
i need two seconds .
i asked the server if the potatoes were real .
the only great thing about this resort is the location .
your welcome .
the bread sticks are absolutely the best i 've ever had !
i 'm _num_ % happy with my experience at mark kia .
coach house is just a nice , friendly neighborhood bar with an amazing atmosphere .
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .
great atmosphere .
please avoid this place .
the lobby is beautiful and brightly lit .
produce and floral selection has a great variety and the price is always right .
i highly recommend the salt cellar for its outstanding seafood and excellent customer service .
the best part is the homemade tortillas !
the dolly steamboat is very nice and relaxing .
really good barbeque and steaks in an old school setting decorated with baseball memorabilia .
highly recommend them .
the customer service in this location is great !
surprisingly the worst mexican food i 've ever had .
came out way too fast .
great food great service all the time !
great pairing !
i do n't get it .
this is not an indian restaurant by any means .
_num_ for a glass of wine was overpriced .
these guys really are great !
i would definitely recommend the dolly to all ages and it is inexpensive .
a cockroach was crawling on the wall next to us .
the service and food are always consistent making it nice .
the classes are flexible and the front desk very organized .
great find !
absolutely decent and close enough to freeway if in a hurry .
i was really impressed with their attention to detail and customer satisfaction .
disappointing !
they are a very professional piano moving company with plenty of experience .
i love this place .
one of the best skate shops i 've visited in az .
love this place !
amazing attentiveness , great conversations and a vast knowledge of drinks .
the attention to detail was impeccable .
the dining area also appeared to be clean , for the most part .
it just gets worse .
left a few messages for management to `` discuss my visit . ''
just take a look at the reviews and the stars .
they also have homemade baklava for my sweet tooth ... .
we all ended up throwing everything away .
best donuts in the valley .
it 's a relaxed sports bar with decent bar food .
they added a a few other vegetables inside the sandwich .
she made the process very easy and did a great job .
anyways , i wo n't be returning here after tonight !
she 's always very friendly and makes sure to greet everyone who walks in .
the people are nice , our delivery driver is wonderful and always remembers us .
great lunch specials !
i highly recommend him .
the salad was only lettuce and vinaigrette with a fly .
my husband always gets the eggs benedict , and he loves it !
great salon !
she was so patient , kind and understanding .
sign out front said try our skinny no sugar margarita .
pretty casual there , but makes it trendy .
our service was also pitiful .
all there food always comes out hot and fresh too .
been wandering _num_ minutes and ca n't find help ... lowes here i come .
the boyfriend and i ordered a sausage and mushroom pizza .
rooms are very nicely decorated and the grounds are well-maintained .
our server had a great personality and always checked up on us .
so anyways , i would n't go here again .
never again will i order from them .
a treasure hunt where you are almost sure to find a treasure .
mediocre food .
had a great time trying on dresses here !
this is our favorite breakfast joint .
then at _num_ i left to drop my car off .
very good salsa .
the fries were quite good , too .
def got ta check this place out .
i would love to have you !
toppings fed the both of us happily .
the spanish rice was also dry , looked old , and was pretty bland .
will definitely stop ordering food here though .
i really enjoy this bar .
the staff here is fabulous .
gorgeous views .
love this place !
they make their own mix and its not sweet !
you really cant beat this place .
i wish every service ran this smoothly .
i 'll use them again and i definitely recommend them !
it was quite delicious !
dad got a cashiers check , we paid for it and drove away .
very dependable work .
i got the tamale sampler .
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .
i dream of their empanadas .
there was syrup on one of the chairs that my mother-in-law sat in .
best auto repair business in the valley .
the server did n't seem like he even wanted to be there .
this was not victoria 's fault .
so far so good !
love this old fashion ice cream parlor .
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .
absolutely phenomenal .
they were warm , patient , understanding and professional .
i promise !
the place is lively and the drinks are awesome !
got there first thing this morning , the guys were very pleasant .
no worries though , we just wanted to grab a couple beers .
our chocolate lab loves the water and was very excited after visiting .
i ended up with a gigantic , tasteless mess .
the prices are not worth it .
she could have given me a warning .
and know apology from you , the owner , shame on you !
they serve potato chips with all their sandwiches , no fries .
the food is consistently good ever time .
she enjoyed her glass of wine and my plate was huge !
last time had pizza and wings and was really good .
i also tried a lemon drop martini that was also delicious .
it would n't have been so bad at that point .
highly recommend .
this place is amazing !
the rice is the best you will find in the us .
no , drinks until we asked again .
would never recommend .
ray is an honest hard working guy .
it 's like going to a micro brewery and asking for a miller lite .
i have been to several people there and have loved the results .
their rolls are always good , you can never go wrong !
i think i will give this place one more try before i pass completely .
thanks , robert !
he got us right in .
i was recommended here by a friend from phoenix .
dinners are all ala carte .
apparently its my job to make sure they correctly do their job .
it came out so spicy that she could n't even eat it .
this experience really made me appreciate quality chicken wings from just about anywhere else .
he is the best .
they could seem to care less .
he just sat them down .
he just said its not on the receipt when it clearly states so .
too bad - was hoping for better .
great food and service .
i 've eaten a lot of it in my day .
it was also pretty bland with no flavor .
i recently had a denver omelet that really hit the spot .
first time here ; tonight for dinner .
i went here for dinner and enjoyed their food very much .
this itself was very grimy and difficult to read .
this place is pretty legit and always packed .
great service , super nice employees .
they all tasted the same , with different things in them .
we have frequented fiesta since _num_ .
nothing special not sure what the fuss is all about .
thanks !
enjoyed our dishes .
debbie helped me and went above and beyond to make sure i was happy .
makes my mouth water just thinking about it !
amazing atmosphere and food .
i love this place !
great food , had lobster and steak tonight .
epic failure !
i hated this place .
the best part is the red meat ... .
you want amazing breakfast ?
the manager quoted me $ _num_ .
such cool lights at night .
stayed here for _num_ nights , and my room was n't even serviced once .
the coconut cream pie shake left me happy .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .
place is sliding backwards .
and the parking situation , oh lord , do n't get me started .
double sink was nice .
ordered room service and what we ordered is not what was delivered .
great property in beautiful setting .
i 'm a fan !
waited another _num_ min for them to prepare and off i went .
the food is delicious and served family style .
great italian deli ... .
i recommend them to anyone !
good food , great prices , and it 's casual and quick .
not to mention it was _num_ minutes before their posted closing time .
love it !
my favorite place for breakfast and friday fish fry .
the type of view provided and the cheesy decor was almost embarrassing .
_num_ stars for excellent customer service !
both were delicious !
awesome .
hell .
i feel lucky to have found such a wonderful stylist and person .
moving out of this place is hell .
do n't get your keys made here - they never work .
the surroundings are very warm and inviting .
waiters are always pleasant and helpful .
the customer service here is top notch .
i will not be going there again !
i love this place !
the seafood is only fresh and well prepared .
not good customer service , we will not be back .
learned from a local about their pizzas !
i 'm so glad i found this place !
their portions are ginormous and quality was top notch , especially the bourbon chicken .
highly recommended !
i love this place ... .
really surprised !
i really like this place for something different .
joe , my nail tech was so detail oriented during my entire mani-pedi .
everything about this experience was what great customer service and great food should be .
it was really fun .
wow !
the gym as a whole is just grimy .
it looks great .
very disappointed .
none of these options were available .
what a cute little place !
the chips and salsa are delicious - the salsa is very fresh .
no , no , no do n't go .
went to drop off some clothes today to find out this location has closed !
love this spa !
i would recommend this to everyone at least once .
why do you have to be so pissed off looking ?
they were excellent with a unique mix of flavors .
are you kidding me ?
i will be going back !
so i went across this place on yelp .
what a great neighborhood find !
he also kept me informed every step of the way .
is n't that what is called doing business ?
i 'll update after my appointment but this is definitely not a good start .
customer service is terrible .
i am moving out early just to get away from here .
that actually ate up the coupon and we ended up paying full price anyway .
want to know why they get a bad review ?
menu is pretty extensive and wine list is good as well .
we ordered their most popular items and they were nothing special .
nice atmosphere !
waste of money .
looking for great gyros in a family run joint .
please disregard the first review .
thanks guys !
the portions are huge .
for my own experience , _num_ star ... .
very reliable pick-up and delivery for the linen and towel service .
eh ?
the cocktail came but no bottle as we waited for quite some time .
nice , friendly , and very helpful .
this place was horrible .
jumped in the chair and got a great haircut quickly .
horrible customer service !
i love the atmosphere and the staff .
i dunno what the hype is .
also ordered the green chile mashed potatoes because they sounded interesting .
i was n't able to pay rent in the 1st .
not sure why it was recommended .
first class experience !
this is a low rent dive type mexican place .
the lunch is amazing here and the portion is huge as well .
this place has not changed since i worked there _num_ years ago .
when i arrived i was hoping i was in the wrong place .
i would certainly recommend them .
the beef looked grey and the cheese looked old and overcooked .
i had the opportunity to speak with the owner and am highly impressed !
it was n't frozen , either .
indoor bar/restaurant and nice outdoor patio .
we are so grateful and the cake looks amazing !
good atmosphere , and friendly service .
weight limit on everything .
staff is very helpful and their prices beat guitar center almost every time .
i really love them !
for 8am on a monday morning they were n't packed .
i was so impressed !
however , the few minutes turned into _num_ minutes .
lord knows it was time to show love on my toes .
it 's loud , crowded , and loud !
lets see , monday , half off burgers with side of fries .
excellent and genuine technicians .
most of them are bland .
will definitely be going back .
but that was my fault .
classy place .
all staff there were pleasant and helpful .
i was super impressed with the way she did the color .
friendly people .
drinks prices are average .
please go there , you 'll love it .
the staff are knowledgable , friendly and professional .
i ordered a bean burrito no cheese .
service was very good waiter went out of way .
this extra perk was a great addition to our dinner .
needless to say we will never go back there !
however , the build process and warranty work did not meet our expectations .
staff was also friendly .
the chopped salad was amazing !
burgers and steaks are great .
the steaks and lamb chop were outstanding , even their stuffed mushrooms were flavorful .
horrible experience !
no apology , no have a good day , nothing .
a slice of neighborhood heaven in scottsdale 's civic center .
food is excellent with just the right amount of spice .
i liked the ceviche and the drinks .
the bartender was friendly and very quick .
highly recommended .
i got the tamale sampler and it was really good .
everything we have ordered off the menu has been great .
the service is excellent and the prices are very reasonable .
that 's not counting the surrounding people that were by some chance still standing .
he did n't know anything about the website and did n't care .
i do n't eat burgers unless they are well done .
the buffet is not worth it .
he was also very professional .
the employees are smart and great with my animal .
the mechanic at joe 's failed to call me and let me know .
furthermore , they are a rip off restaurant .
if you are n't strong i do no recommend coming alone .
the service is pretty bad .
sadly , there is another show tonight that i really want to go to .
prices were more than fair and we got a discount as well .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !
don is a true professional and he knows his craft .
she 's good .
came here with my family .
their falafel pita was delicious .
super super guy and the office staff is excellent too !
staff was cool .
highly recommended .
you 're better off going to ranch market in gilbert .
i said u wan na check me !
chill environment , great people , ok food , amazing drinks !
im was so embarrassed to even bring a guest there .
service was extremely slow , appetizers were not even warm .
i liked this place way better than other places in mesa .
the prices were incredibly reasonable .
so delicious very time i visit .
my husband ordered pasta with tuscan meat sauce .
it was dry and overcooked .
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .
awesome haircut and great conversation .
$ _num_ for a very lousy pizza .
ordering food online and picking it up never gets a tip from me .
moreover , they have pepsi instead of coke .
came out disappointed and angry .
great food and atmosphere .
five stars , all the way .
my beans were of the canned variety that they clearly just heat up .
love fiesta burrito !
and most importantly it 's clean .
the food came out quickly and with a very nice presentation .
the atmosphere is was brings me back .
enjoy !
i love their pizza .
will go back again and again !
still hot and fresh for takeout as well which is a plus for me .
great customer service also !
another table sat down beside us .
sesame chicken was just ok .
the service was excellent as well .
chicken chow mien tastes like cheap hotel food .
highly recommended .
this is the type of place i would become a regular at .
it will be super crispy and good if you get the light toppings .
delicious food and healthy options .
large outdoor patio is a great environment for people of all ages .
great presentation and flavor , all around .
delicious with pickles added .
they have yet to respond to either of them .
it cost me an extra $ _num_ for the gel french manicure .
well really all the food is !
great place with great food .
the carne adovada was excellent , so tender it was melting in my mouth .
do n't owner makes sure you leave full and satisfied .
the staff here at this location are awesome .
they then put an automatic _num_ % tip for a party of six .
she said , no i do not need to and dumped the drink out .
good way to see what your parents movie experience was like .
what a really weird group of people here .
best ice cream sandwich ever !
another plus are their coupons that double on friday 's .
she 's amazing !
maintenance staff is rude and ca n't be bothered .
super professional and nice friendly staff .
also , wait staff was slow and rude .
and it tasted like garbage .
it was a beautiful night and i came across this restaurant .
great service & great food !
we were really pleased .
finally , after trying for _num_ days we got an appointment .
i can barely finish my plate .
thank you for your kind spirit and amazing customer service .
i enjoy this place for take out and delivery .
amazing meal to start a night out in oldtown .
none of us used the bathroom .
it was great !
best fast mexican in mesa !
no frills with this place , just simple and good food .
i want to eat comfortably , i did n't order no food to go .
great fresh fish and the cabbage gave it that perfect taste combination .
so disappointed .
just a snooty , hurry up and leave .
try to avoid .
just not kayla .
thanks but no thanks .
those particular flavors just blended really well together .
great dessert .
so my friend went to talk to the manager , nick .
fast , affordable , and always fun to chat with .
the marquee sucks .
i ordered something with rolled beef with carrots and pickle in it .
the bottles salsa is incredible !
good people and good haircuts .
sushi was tolerable , but the service was miserable .
good bbq pork sandwich .
huge waste of time !
i seriously love me some carlsbad !
thanks for the total lack of customer service barro 's .
everything i have ordered was great !
ok on top of it being a horrible experience , the fish just sucked .
insulting , dishonest and bottom line an absolute joke !
walmart has those items for cheaper !
everything i have tried on the menu is outstanding - including appetizers and drinks .
it was also a massive portion !
i informed the waitress , but she did not understand me .
in my world , that 's as good as it gets !
this is warmed over food at its worst .
the meeting rooms themselves are old and tired .
the inept greeter told us that the wait would n't be long .
however , there is nothing particularly outstanding about it , either .
awesome staff !
try the location near fry 's in fountain hills .
also , my fillings ended up uneven .
i could n't see the date on it though .
this salon is so personal i love it .
this store stinks .
the prices are good , portions are large and atmosphere is nice .
great customer service in addition to the great work they do .
had a great dinner tonight .
my green enchiladas were good but small in portion size for $ _num_ .
they are very thorough and explain everything .
new ownership !
the desserts are a little bland and are pricey given the small size .
this was the only card i brought in .
this is n't a small amount of money to most working folks .
the description did n't explain any of it or have any pictures .
it 's always clean and the store is always set up nicely .
wo n't come back .
shame on me for not leaving then .
worst walgreens i 've ever been to ( speaking for the pharmacy ) .
so beautiful .
it 's the whole staff .
the ac is extremely loud and hard to sleep with .
always come back and bring new people to this spot .
i would never go back .
i love garlic , but it was a bit much even for me !
fast and high quality work !
i highly recommend king gyro !
great food , great service , great sports memorabilia .
the driver was pleasant but the food was cold and the order was wrong .
i called david and he told me they could not guarantee a seamless install .
i am so pleased with his professionalism and fast service .
unfortunately they would not honor the price because it was their happy hour .
the cheese enchiladas are gross .
quality is top notch .
this place is fantastic .
absolutely recommend him to everyone .
the hot sauce and condiments are great , and the people are friendly .
it went downhill from there .
not a very accommodating voice or comment .
moved in here january of _num_ .
its always cooked just right with a nice `` char '' .
got dressed again and left the room .
the pastries are the perfect end to a meal !
worth a visit for sure .
my dish also had little hard pieces in it .
annoying and i would not recommend .
the prices are very reasonable and they are very fast at delivering your order .
horrible .
even the guacamole is amazing .
i will not be going back .
the service is always great and the staff is nice .
just fyi to the employees , not everyone that comes here is drunk .
my family and i ate lunch here for the first and last time .
great atmosphere and nice staff .
ok you picture it loaded with pine nuts , onions and peppers .
best machaca in arizona and california .
really good !
one of my favorite spots in in town .
i went here tonight with the bf .
they are drinking smoking not safe for children to be around .
worst experience we have ever had .
the customer service was great and the employees were helpful .
i will definitely return to this walgreen 's !
thinking back some of the cooks had no hair cover .
love it !
all were delicious .
i love this restaurant !
the staff is helpful and friendly .
first visit and we were impressed .
best mexican food in chandler .
took us about _num_ min to place order which was fine ; rush hour .
the wings were great and so were the refills of our beers !
used to be our favorite pizza destination , but no longer !
very nice tv 's and atmosphere .
we try to go a couple of times a year , usually special occasions .
the guy on the phone was very rude .
really good with the kids .
we were on a mission to chill and found the perfect place .
i have always received great service and care .
when we told her we had a reservation she was not happy .
prices are very reasonable for a steak house and the food is good .
it caused $ _num_ in damage .
big but not functional .
then i ordered a burrito , which came with rice and beans .
he is so caring , thoughtful and compassionate .
the portions are great as well .
the fries were also cold .
great food and awesome service .
great for small to medium sized dogs .
she came back with it and warned that it was very hot .
obnoxious .
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?
this `` new '' management is super unprofessional and rude to customers .
all were excellent .
avoid this place at all costs .
this place is perfect .
me and my family had an awesome day at the premier inn at metro .
the meats are not very high quality in flavor or texture .
i recommend him to all of my friends .
these guys are the best .
rude and unprofessional , food actually was very good but the server was not .
waste of time .
same goes for the garlic cheese bread .
it does not look very pretty .
i love that !
everyone in this office is great !
this is a $ _num_ drink and my expectations were higher .
although the food presentation was nice , the dishes had no flavor .
my sandwich was good .
fun atmosphere with great outdoor people watching , what else do you need !
amazing customer service .
beautiful bar area but small .
the table seemed bare , salt but no pepper or hot sauce .
do yourself a favor and check it out .
i had the high desert pasta and there was barely anything in the bowl .
this place sucks , do not go there .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .
he was so pissed off because he knew his hair looked horrible .
the atmosphere was nice .
the newspaper menu was such a cool touch !
this store does not seem to be concerned about repeat business .
not busy for a s slow as it was .
our server was lackluster .
it 's one of the better sports bars in town .
good follow-up to get a crown done .
i love that they serve the full menu at the bar .
their oranges are to die for and the staff are very friendly .
eating area was nice and clean .
service was a little slow to begin with .
the staff is amazing and super personable .
tried the las vegas , tiger , rainbow and heart attack rolls .
great food and service .
helen is the best !
the golf course is beautiful and near the base of camelback mountain .
i would recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves mexican food .
the staff is phenomenal .
wo n't waste my time again .
new ownership is awesome .
the woman did n't even apologize .
i always look forward to visiting his office !
everything we ate , we could get better elsewhere .
great beer selection and the staff really knew their stuff .
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .
the baristas are always so willing to help or provide recommendations !
we , and the other patrons ate pizza with our coats on .
one of the most adorable coffee shops in the phoenix metro area .
skip this joint ... .
staff is friendly and helpful .
very friendly and helpful .
also the chips are so thin and crispy , definitely very fresh .
finally this issue was resolved but it was not an easy process .
fresh mozzarella and quality toppings !
all of a sudden , the owner got very mad .
neither is sure of its authenticity .
we finished our salads and sat waiting for our entrees .
i ended up paying $ _num_ for job .
great old fashioned chinese restaurant .
i had a terrible experience here and wrote my previous review earlier this week .
great little place !
i also thought that the prices were reasonable .
we tried the guac , very tasty .
casual dining fresh food .
thanks don !
a little bit of a rip of and just lazy service in my opinion .
well , what do you know , i loved it !
i also did the timeshare presentation and have to give diamond resorts credit .
overall just a bad experience .
just an overall poor experience .
the egg rolls and spring rolls are great as well !
absolutely love doing business with them .
did i mention that i was served the wrong food .
she never came back with a wet towel to clean up her mess !
i love this place !
suggested some `` older people '' just can get get used to this type .
plus the people are pretty laid back and friendly .
very disappointed !
there should have just been _num_ : the room and the mini bar .
service is always prompt & helpful ( thanks alex & oscar !
people love this place .
i 'll be visiting here more !
he was n't a employee , just someone having lunch and hanging out .
we will continue to come here for our indian food cravings .
and i am extremely pleased .
it was all vodka , and no sake .
had a custom job that i needed done .
food was not that great at all .
the food was fantastic as well .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .
my favorite place to get my nails done .
not all pizzas are created equal .
wow .
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .
the big ass burger was the best burger i have ever had .
must admit , though , it was gorgeous .
all mcdonalds are bad but this one is terrible .
i got a great price with a great warranty .
was it cooked or was n't it ?
there were _num_ college students working tonight for about _num_ parties of customers .
staff is on the rude side and place is not organized .
def go with a cool group and enjoy the show !
a good place to go for a special occasion .
i 'd give this score a negative five stars if i could .
these guys are reliable , honest and stand behind their work !
there are enough cockroaches for a horror film .
that ridiculous bread ?
good ending to be thankful for .
mashed potatoes and corn excellent .
the crust was like cardboard and there was very little cheese .
i will definitely be back .
she was very professional and very thorough .
highly recommended in my book !
the food was amazing , and the workers were too .
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .
this place is simply awesome .
they found shirt and called to pick up which i did .
our waiter was rude , lazy and condescending and the owner was even worse .
i was sad when it did n't live up to the hype .
excellent pizza with only the freshest ingredients .
we drove through and the order was wrong .
the food is fantastic , rich and well portioned .
will never spend my money here again .
too bad , because otherwise it would be great .
the mashed potatoes that came with it tasted like nothing ... .
customer service is top notch as well .
good family owned restaurant .
they talked through the whole show .
it is always very nice .
newly moved to az , and needed to find a dentist for my family .
but the food that i received was sub-par .
just went there for apps and drinks and it was terrible .
really just a waste of time .
very friendly and great atmosphere !
i could not take more than one bite .
the kids love it !
location is great .
the price is always perfect !
that same six pack will be eight or nine dollars elsewhere .
he also had the pork carnitas which he also truly enjoyed .
nice and friendly staff .
great local place .
it was also too oily .
the best part , however , is the customer service .
the best happy hour ever ... and plenty of room to hang out .
thank you from a very happy customer !
pretty cool dive bar !
the service is good , customers are friendly and food is nice .
after _num_ min of waiting i just left .
had we known back when we first ordered we probably would n't have stayed .
this place is great .
to him it 's a sin to leave any bacon behind .
great homemade italian organic as well !
there really was n't anything all that special there on my trip .
every time it has been an amazing experience .
lame .
food and service is consistently divine here .
however since my friend was n't _num_ she was not allowed to sign up .
no thanks !
the tea is good .
and they were not pleasant to deal with .
it 's always been a great experience .
great prepared foods and dried nuts and snacks .
my husband went here last night and had a great time .
the hot sauce was watered down no flavor but hot .
the service was terrible , and i got food poisoning .
the dessert , chocolate lava cake , was n't even good .
oasis animal clinic is an amazing place .
many choices on the menus and great food !
so many wonderful programs for all ages .
the location is great and the atmosphere is amazing !
best italian deli in phoenix valley , bar none .
music is pleasant , staff is accommodating and nice .
great band , great location - the best thing was the crowd .
that 's real mexican place .
disgusting !
so good !
i was informed it was canceled because only _num_ people were signed up .
talk about excellent customer service !
i am a patient for life !
so sweet that some baristas know my name and how i drink my coffee !
cool , laid-back kind of hipster atmosphere .
ok , i understand , if they were busy , which they we not .
flavorless and overpriced .
i loved it !
it was gross .
i definitely recommend either of those choices .
the salon is always clean and the staff is really friendly .
the sushi was great at a reasonable price off the regular menu .
on that note , the budget is n't terribly cheap .
thank you so much !
they were small but remarkable and unexpected .
the on going breeze was refreshing , off setting the night heat .
i had to make an appointment and i was there about _num_ minutes early .
i do n't think so dick head .
i called gus to inform them , a manager was put on the phone .
the pizza is fresh and delicious .
all came out hot and deliciously flavored .
the fried chicken was like eating leather .
we sat in the bar and it was very romantic .
all very good and filling .
my tongue is still smoking ... in a bad way .
he and his staff are always welcoming , friendly , and professional .
delicious breakfast burrito !
she came back and said , `` there is no one here .
overall , very disappointed .
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .
crappy ?
can you say worst gym ever ?
i got the mongolian beef and my fianc ordered the pad thai .
i can be breakfast happy in both places .
creme brle was amazing !
i have eaten here about _num_ times now and it has always been fantastic !
i wish i could give this _num_ stars .
how disappointing .
either way , you 're better off at chipotle .
we ordered some dumpling and they were absolutely disgusting .
even the regular bagel with cream cheese was a let down .
if you have the money , it 's soooo worth the $ $ .
the decor and ambiance are really what make the place .
my wife and i are big time malee 's fans .
it was just ok.
i will definitely be returning !
i 'd recommend them in a heartbeat .
it 's pretty disappointing to say the least .
aside from the wait on the weekends , we had an amazing meal .
me , i guess i should asked the right question before sitting and waiting .
great date night spot for old town scottsdale .
i love taking my boys here .
sir , seriously ?
there is an employee named melissa who flat out lies to your face .
their philly cheese steaks are also delicious !
the owner knows us and treats us very well !
good place to get rowdy with a group !
the flavors of the chicken were top notch and i highly recommend .
great coffee !
this place is fabulous !
they also have great lemonade !
so i give it _num_ stars for sure .
i signed up for a spa service and was amazing .
big mistake .
this place is gross .
will definitely be back !
we were both very satisfied with our food .
family friendly place is always a plus in my book !
beautiful , well maintained , impeccable service and just such a relaxing weekend .
the food is excellent .
this is one of the most disappointing 24/7 vets i have ever gone too .
this church is like a mile away from us .
thank you , amanda and thank you to the staff at rumors salon .
their service is awful .
highly recommended !
i guess the manager got too greedy for his own good .
so folks with food allergies , you can really eat here too !
i tried their limited time only bourbon bbq burger , very good .
needless to say , we cancelled our order .
during football season , thursday night is pizza night .
i always try different dishes and they all are very good .
the toasted pastrami with everything smiley and the meatball sub were so delicious !
food was completely uninspired and pedestrian .
this is our celebration place .
the service was atrocious -- grossly disorganized , slow , unbelievable .
it was lunch and it was dead .
probably one of the best tom ka gai i 've had .
we highly recommend carpet source .
i 'm currently _num_ months pregnant and expecting our second child .
pricy , and kind of unclean .
none came , we waited five more minutes .
as a _num_ year old that is a big deal for me .
this is just nasty .
works for me !
they advised me another _num_ minutes .
zipps , baby !
horrible .
big mistake going here .
good mexican food and nice service .
because your value is you do n't care about your customers .
never use again , better off going to full service for $ _num_ !
such a wonderful dress shop !
event catering is excellent .
one of the best breakfast burrito selections in town .
she is friendly and easy to be around .
sorry george , but you need to improve your food quality .
awesome service , awesome work !
big mistake !
the sandwiches are huge and delicious !
best chinese food in the area .
highly recommended to check it out .
staff and doctor jones are absolutely amazing .
i will not be back !
this is my second trip back .
save yourself some grief and skip this place !
and the cappuccino was bad .
they were beyond great in here .
i always leave feeling pretty !
yummy yummy yum !
very good service .
definitely going back !
i was very sure to say `` add _num_ % ! ''
defalco 's is good , delicious , italian fun .
full service , they even offer massages !
very good pizza , we 've been here a few times .
some of the employees at this mcdonald 's are very rude .
service was slow and i felt like an inconvenience .
thanks nordstrom , you did it again .
by the way , the service was _num_ star all the way .
i never thought anyone could make that one bad .
wow that was rude .
did i get a teeth cracking cold brew ?
the bartenders used to be awesome and personable .
these guys are fantastic !
this italian gem is a wonderful authentic masterpiece .
everything we 've ever ordered has been damn good .
the pita bread is fluffy and soft with a mild flavor .
service was excellent and dinner for a group of _num_ was totally within budget .
if you are looking at going here i suggest not !
rio is a bummer , they need to figure things out .
he did n't even move .
the `` happy hour specials '' was what got my attention .
i explained this was impossible and that i had attended ever single one .
the soup selection was excellent and very tasty .
check it out if you 're in the neighborhood .
don was professional and very technically competent .
i have been visiting this restaurant since i moved to az .
these guys are an honest tire shop .
however , i read the other negative reviews which were also true .
always trash hanging out of the garbage cans and the floor is dirty .
the chips and salsa was very good too .
wo n't be back to another chilis .
and let me say it was amazingly good .
i miss the days when julio g 's was down the street .
_num_ ) we tried to cash out , and the bartender had disappeared .
so mediocre its not even funny .
$ _num_ for a couple pieces of french toast !
service was great .
awesome wings , friendly service , really good pizza .
the manager did nothing to apologize for his servers terrible service either .
she seemed super happy !
it was about their very , very poor service .
just great food .
the girls were pretty friendly and we had a good time !
i would highly recommend any of the stylist .
warm and upscale but comfortable atmosphere .
my calamari was so so .
a great place to bring a date .
next time , skip the library .
not sure why this place is rated so highly .
love this place !
the food was ok , nothing special .
waters were always full and they kept the delicious fresh bread coming !
wings , wings , wings , and more wings !
tried the beef , it 's wonderful .
fantastic happy hour .
this meal ranks in the top _num_ of all time !
now there are _num_ machines marked out of order !
get all quotes in writing !
clearly she had no idea what i was talking about .
so i got a good deal .
we will most definitely be using them again .
the food is delicious and alway consistent !
great job !
over all this place is just ok , but i think you got that .
the menu is somewhat limited but it 's all good .
best in town !
nice people , professional service .
very quaint & older place .
wo n't be going back .
i could only say , `` oh , really ?
essentially , i trust these guys .
i just usually avoid it because i feel it is too expensive .
mark took amazing care of us .
i was stuck there because i had paid through priceline .
outside appearance is average but atmosphere inside is warm and inviting .
i had received a birthday gift certificate from firestone for a free oil change .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .
the omelets are delish and the side of fruit is almost always sweet .
highly recommended .
never i repeat never take anything here to get fixed .
great local place -- have patience they are busy during season !
i will not be coming back .
amanda 's the best , and i wo n't go to anyone but her !
amazing sushi , amazing service !
i highly recommend going to this church !
i was very impressed with my stay at this resort !
horrible .
there was a nice sense of hospitality .
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .
the food is always so good .
great design ideas , gary really knows his plants !
it 's always an experience .
strangely enough the salsa are too bland .
wonderful people who are very knowledgeable and willing to help you out .
travel all around the world and know indian food well .
thank you !
i would have been better off with a store bought pizza ... .
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .
very good consistent pizza .
a few days later it was ready to be picked up .
the acoustics are poor .
definitely would come here again .
the food quality was bland with no flavor .
the staff is friendly and is very knowledgeable about the products they sell .
this time around everything was spot on .
plus they speak english well enough to understand any questions you may have .
yesterday , me and my mom went to this location to get lunch .
they did n't heat up my burrito all the way .
progress is being made and we should have our call by the weekend .
i would recommend this place to anyone !
right in the middle of oldtown .
i ordered the bean and cheese burrito and _num_ tacos .
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .
do i recommend this place , yes !
we hardly ever received return phone calls on time .
good pizza but the staff was overwhelmed and the service suffered a bit .
thanks .
optical department is awesome .
it 's popular for a reason !
i love their shrimp with garlic !
so we drove off .
the salon is small , personable and has a great location .
so here i am , letting yelpers know about my experience with them .
the food , service , and atmosphere are old school good .
this is unacceptable !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
great variety of produce .
the cloth napkins were a nice touch and the happy hour looked decent too .
hubby had a _num_ lb .
overall it was awesome and we will definitely be back .
friendly service .
but everything was so tasty .
zero stars .
their lunch special is a great value !
great location near old town scottsdale .
i highly recommend !
after two bites , i quit .
gave me a great courtesy vehicle and treated me with respect and honesty .
highly recommend him !
can i give zero stars ?
good happy hour .
i will be back !
the apartment she showed us was filthy and smelled horribly of mold and mildew .
the boy behind the counter expected me to do it yourself .
service - outstanding .
what an amazing find !
portions are generous and dishes extremely tasty and authentic ( family owned ) !
the service is great , and i could spend hours looking at the memorabilia .
you got to go for an appointment for a private viewing .
this place have such a bad customer service .
good place .
_num_ words - money pit !
extensive wine list and also enjoyed the dessert sampler .
all but one were exceptional , and one was average .
staff was friendly and helpful .
the manager is a dishonest dealer .
i would not recommend this place .
the ambiance is appropriate and the pricing is on par .
the staff was nice and the place was clean and quiet .
love my lv !
very friendly staff .
i totally recommend it ; ) .
salsa was ok but the eggs were awful how does this place stay open ?
needless to say it wasnt worth $ _num_ and i was pissed .
horrible service , no one around to ever help you find stuff .
the best italian food so far i 've ate in scottsdale !
the food was great .
worst service and business management ever .
their delivery is so quick and the food is delicious .
waiter had a snooty attitude .
i did n't care for the carne asada or the fish .
love the bento boxes ... all under _num_ calories & delicious !
the seasoned fries are also good .
so i did just that for most all pieces .
clean and well organized .
i love looking at their home decor section .
totally worth the _num_ stars !
basically it made the event crappy to be treated like that .
zero stars !
their steak , potato cheese is _num_ stars !
it is not a quiet complex .
i think quality food takes time and i appreciate that process .
wonderful breakfast we loved it !
the quality of ice cream and toppings you get are great .
i really like this place and the customer service is awesome .
the best french bread in town .
great work !
apparently the owners are too cheap to fix them .
no apology , nothing .
eat here !
and _num_ ) i did not feel like walking over to paradise .
i had a horrible experience .
drive out , pay , grab food and leave .
service was horrible !
off the beaten path but so worth it .
good times .
they looked old and many had worn covers .
i 'll still visit sport clips , just not this location .
there were about _num_ fries , wilted and lukewarm .
add to that fast delivery service , makes this a great place for pizza .
drinks finally came , we ate and left .
very friendly and fast service as well .
and for $ _num_ , i could n't throw it away .
i never write reviews but the service here is worth my first review .
new ownership right after i signed 2nd year lease in july .
i work too damn hard to be ripped off like this .
bathroom was very clean .
otherwise , it was $ _num_ for dinner the last time i went .
this place for some reason has gone downhill .
bean and cheese burrito and strips are always delicious .
worst dentist i have had in my _num_ years of life .
the ambiance stellar .
solid place !
an hour later , no pizza , so i called .
the sandwich artists here make a decent sandwich .
as for me , i wish my food was bland .
the price was awesome and the food was really good .
believe the reviews on service & do n't risk a special event here .
great location for spring time baseball .
oh yeah !
the food is mediocre at best .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .
the view did not disappoint .
the service was n't great either .
they are not very busy , but have been around forever .
i get that but these are extreme and i talked to him several times .
this salon is the full package ; cafe , shopping and a million services .
we recommend you _num_ % .
_num_ . )
wished i had read yelp before going there myself !
he is knowledgable and has great experience in the industry .
the eggplant was gross and hard to even get on my fork .
love this place .
they have bible study for all ages !
it was just a little strange .
their frozen section is full of organic and all natural selections .
maybe the burger and i were n't a good match today ... .
where do we head on special occasions ?
in the _num_ 's i did take lessons at the dance shoppe .
today they literally hung me out to dry .
got ta say i was really surprised to see improvement in service side .
the hostess was not nice whatsoever .
great customer service very knowledgable and willing to spend time with novice riders .
there is something for everyone here !
pancakes were n't bad , but like i said earlier , nothing special .
loved the patio dining ambiance !
it 's a little pricey , but well worth it .
very disappointing .
insurance company told me they would change the tire once they got there .
chopped sirloin ... fabulous .
it was a huge portion , if you 're into that .
i hate to give anyone a _num_ star review but you guys deserve it .
no thanks .
i sat in line _num_ minutes for a hot coffee .
~ the spectacular view - you must sit on the patio !
unfortunately , it seems like the quality has gone downhill as the chain expanded .
we love going there for the lunch buffet .
a memorable experience .
it was n't even warm in the middle .
it costs them more for frys then it does for lettuce and tomato .
the vegetarian is my favorite with extra cheese .
quick and friendly service .
if you 're looking for quality chinese food you are in the wrong place .
great service .
the best that we 've had since ordering here .
also the best wait staff ever .
loved my meal at tottie 's last night !
not quite the way to approach someone on your course .
the employees here are always so kind and helpful .
is n't this a japanese restaurant ?
i will never go here again .
this store is fabulous , i bought my wedding dress there today .
yep never again .
you are the best .
seriously -- why bother .
we been here a few times and had a positive experience each time .
not worth the service wait .
fairly friendly place .
i hated the place .
the place has plenty of televisions if you like watching sports .
they live up to the reputation -- - thorough , competent , priced fairly .
it was gross !
much better ra .
it was like a bite of a dense veggie patty .
it was a beautiful day , really enjoyed the boat .
the gyro pita was delicious !
the coffee was perfect , very smooth not bitter .
they are quick and delicious .
i felt even more like a valued customer from this point on .
the food was so good !
what a wonderful find !
best cheese steak sandwich that i have ever had .
i love the new location it 's so modern and clean .
not nearly enough topping !
fantastic place for a nice date night , the perfect hidden gem .
the food is awesome and the people here are rad .
there was no really exciting rides at all .
i found my new favorite liquor store .
the service from start to finish was outstanding .
the only free spot had a reserved sign on it .
if you are looking for great and smart food , make a stop here .
the tiramisu was probably the worst tiramisu i 've ever had .
it was a small joint but had a pleasant atmosphere with a friendly staff .
our most recent visit for our anniversary was delightful !
been coming here for years , always friendly curteous and do an amazing job .
i told the owner forget about it , they lost a customer forever .
the food is great here and very authentic .
lauren stepped up to the plate and made my visit worthwhile .
i 'm not even kidding .
it was delicious and more than enough food for one person .
love it .
while they did n't have lemon soda , they did have delicious italian food .
such a pleasure to have great service !
we stayed here for our wedding anniversary .
huge menu , lots of great choices .
manager refused said it 's store policy .
always able to get on the machines .
the staff are very friendly and accommodating .
very friendly , clean , and fun to work with .
that was kind of disgusting too .
a friend recommended i call bob 's tv service .
awesome place !
they are great people .
you da best dr. k !
love it .
plus , the two folks behind the counter were very sweet and extremely helpful .
the atmosphere and service is consistently _num_ stars .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .
there was n't any flavors to savor or remember .
my wife would be happy to help them here !
the menu is very creative for sushi , especially the dynamite plate .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .
totally recommend !
i love filiberto 's .
next time do n't hire morons .
this is the worst hotel i have seen here which has this bad service .
i am so happy i found ron !
the staff have always been friendly and quick with service .
once you buy one , you 're hooked for life .
it really does not encourage you to come inside .
this is one of my regular stops .
and the service was worse .
awesome muffins ... .
this place beyond rocks !
the side dishes are also excellent , particularly the mustard potato salad .
the sea bass i ordered was very average .
i felt sick after leaving and needless to say i will not be back .
folks , be warned that this place is terrible !
our dog is doing well and has improved very much .
everyone loves the ride and education .
everything is wonderful down to the dessert .
i will never go back to this place again .
great place for lunch specials !
amazing my nails still look amazing after almost _num_ weeks since my gel fill .
my kids love it and the food is yummy .
the salon is always clean and the technicians are friendly .
very good job .
nice atmosphere with the lighting low .
how broad and generic is that .
we will not dine here again .
this reputation is well earned and as a result they are usually quite busy .
my food has always tasted great and i 've had no issues with service .
i quickly went elsewhere .
always have and always will !
and then my average pizza is simply cold , late average pizza .
this place is great !
upstairs and within a few days my husband was bit by bed bugs .
the staff is always welcoming and helpful and the atmosphere is very relaxed .
but the food was good and what we were expecting .
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .
not impressed at all .
the music in the background is nice and not too loud .
i asked her what they had on draft and she replied i have _num_ .
everything in it was either broke or just plain missing .
best cakes anywhere !
we will not be back .
great happy hour specials offered in the bar and out on the patio .
i have ordered pizza twice since my last post and have been disgusted .
high prices do not equal good food .
going during the winter months was my best experience .
thank you again for all the help !
i love her and the salon .
a family favorite .
lots of interesting baseball memorabilia .
i 'm in love with this place and their tacos .
i will not go to this autozone again .
i have to tell you , this is a great ice cream parlor .
it was a hit .
awesome service .
i really wish our school would find another photographer .
we also ordered dinner salads and tiramisu ... all which were great !
plenty of associates around some friendly some well not so friendly .
the service sucked .
my burrito was delicious with eggs , bacon , and potatoes .
the strips & beans and red chili burros are my favorite .
basically , you 're getting ripped off .
after leaving pep boys i drove to discount tires on chandler blvd .
loved the _num_ degree plate it 's served on .
this one is not on the ball .
it 's my favorite ice cream .
really dude ?
really friendly helpful guys .
the restaurants and golf course are excellent too .
the platters are great too .
best ribs i ever had .
staff is well trained and very professional .
free chips and salsa if you go inside !
like you could n't cut then with a knife .
definately authentic mexican food .
our food was wonderful .
this restaurant is a fantastic find !
if you have short hair , he is a master !
for my bacon , all i tasted was salt !
but still better than any chain restaurant .
i am now changing my opinion .
the wings and sausage pizza were really good .
awful customer service .
definitely recommended !
the ambiance is great , with a very nice patio too .
i love jamba juice .
all very fresh and tasted like the old country .
this is a great restaurant !
i love coming to see her on tuesdays .
very rude and no customer service etiquette .
based on my experience , i do not recommend this salon !
not true .
the prices are good .
no tomato .
did not go inside , but this looks great ( we parked outside ) .
we ended up checking out and will never return .
waitresses do not know what is on the menu or what beers they have .
good food , great service .
i made the appointment and gave them my insurance information .
ordered _num_ sandwiches to go .
you ca n't mess up ice cream - so enough said .
he was friendly , punctual , tidy and did a great job .
great inviting atmosphere !
they 're good .
the mini chimis were average at best .
no wonder they have so many bad reviews here !
just the best .
if one purchases here , i would definitely ask for proof of authenticity .
experience was good .
after tonight 's service i will never be going back .
this place does n't even deserve _num_ star , service is horrible .
horrible .
these guys have always been great.
stayed here for just two nights and the facility is in pretty good shape .
sorry it 's a bit late .
the staff is also very nice and helpful .
thoroughly enjoyable .
hands down best breakfast burritos around !
no shampoo or soap when i got there either .
pretty good and they deliver !
what a great group of people !
i would say that the food here is nothing special .
unique menu items and good portions .
after calling back the woman who has an accent had a rude tone .
love you this place .
speaking of the shower , no hot water !
this place is good .
prices are reasonable and a good ambiance to boot .
good service cool atmosphere and above average seafood for arizona .
wow !
friendly .
nice old school barber shop .
very friendly and family oriented .
everything was delicious and the atmosphere so fun .
what a cool concept !
i rolled my window down and yelled at him .
bathrooms are filthy , which makes me nervous about food safety .
first rate service !
this is the best place to get your brows done .
no glass is allowed .
omelets are pretty good and pancakes are great .
wow i can not believe what just seen , heard & been through .
sooo amazing .
the food is just amazing !
the house and the surrounding area is exquisite .
tried this place after many neighbors recommended it .
i love it , and they will make anything to order .
huge thanks mike !
love it !
the fish itself was not seasoned at all and actually had a fishy taste .
the tacos were not that big .
the waitress took them back and brought me some sliced tomato .
the general manager , bob , is in serious need of customer service training .
let 's be real guys - the room was $ _num_ a night .
food does not make up for slow and poor service .
more importantly , my bf is pleased as well !
so i receive little from going there and supporting this horrible place .
so , here i am .
these guys are great !
loved this place !
i stayed here on a recent business trip and had a good experience .
to pour salt on an open wound , this bland dinner cost a fortune .
i do n't recommend anyone this place .
not impressed .
i 've been here twice and both times were amazing .
will always stay at this one .
just like before , everything was excellent and i would order it again .
store policy is not to send cash through the mail .
they ca n't find it .
love the food at this joint , and the prices are very good !
she completely cleared up my skin and suggested some great products .
all was very good and fresh .
comes hot & fast !
it is a parent 's dream !
this restaurant is as authentic as you can get in the us .
every guest had something positive to say .
no wonder the stadium was half full .
gracious owners with a charming , nice atmosphere .
i say go and enjoy this place !
fantastic , the food was great salsa was good and spicy .
it was definitely a cool concept and i would probably return .
i have loved king gyros since i was a kid !
everything was wonderful .
they really have the best service in town .
they are honest and reliable and i highly recommend them .
my daughter received great care .
this whole horrible evening had started at 6:30 pm .
staff very friendly and helpful .
wow !
great personality to boot !
friendly staff .
nice starbucks in far far north scottsdale .
love this place .
delish i tell you !
i highly recommend this place .
the free food has made me sick on more than _num_ occasion .
this place is for seafood lovers .
amazing breakfast burritos !
the food here is utterly horrible .
it 's not all that strong and does n't have much flavor .
this place just has a good comfy feel about it .
it was also difficult to dip chips into salsa on a flat plate .
the sound quality at this venue is truly awful .
every time i need something they have it , especially good advice .
it 's definitely a favorite .
last saturday i took my van in to get washed .
however , they took _num_ hours to clean _num_ sq .
( they had nothing near what she liked ) .
i ordered an asiago bagel with egg and cheese .
the food is always great .
our waiter was too busy covering what looked like the entire restaurant .
i bought a gently used couch here for thirty dollars .
will have to go back soon .
i 've always received great customer service at this location .
the service has become pretty bad , and they charge cover now .
service is always perfect .
ca n't really complain !
stone cold chicken that tasted two weeks old .
ok , but there is no green button .
both heaven to our tastebuds .
i will stick to ordering nachos for every one .
because come to find _num_ days later , it is not the battery .
great pizza like you would find in tuscany !
best chile rellenos ever !
love this place !
really enjoyed the beautiful range .
we always start with lettuce wraps which are outstanding .
it was light with right balance of flavors .
three tables surrounded us .
gave us waters without asking .
this place is incredible .
awesome establishment with a great wait staff .
the soups are delicious and the flatbread is amazing !
everything we got was fresh and very good .
friendly service and always helps you out to the car .
this place has fantastic food , cocktails and service !
great place .
understand , this is not a huge dealership .
love this place .
great hotel with great location .
service is friendly , food is fresh and to die for !
the problem came later .
best veggies ever with the ribs !
this place is small but the drink selection and food were pretty good .
get a greek salad for a side and you have a wonderfully inexpensive dinner .
awesome people working here !
he gave me the coupon !
end the meal with some baklava and mm , perfect meal !
ordered a simple pepperoni and the mediterranean salad .
sorry , our apologies .
and delicious .
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .
great food - friendly staff - clean = what more can you ask for ?
_num_ pay rates are fair .
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !
so many great choices on the menu .
i could n't get comfortable .
this place sucks .
excellent staff , services , everything !
the condition of the building and parking lot is horrible .
highly recommend rush street pizza !
this place is super !
while it was good it was n't great !
the food i thought was too greasy and its definitely not an authentic place .
service was a little slow but cordial .
always treat me well , very honest !
terrible customer service !
warning : do not stay at this terrible hotel !
this place is amazing !
the ride is a bit long but it is very nice .
i enjoyed this place very much .
he did n't mention that they bring out complementary bread .
quality is huge and fun atmosphere .
both were absolutely delicious .
she is the best !
their baked brie and prime rib sliders are amazing !
she was incredible , personable , full of energy , just amazing !
the server was not attentive .
ok , so normal delivery form this place is maybe a 3-4 .
this was a little frustrating but i let it go .
so many people were crammed into this relatively small space .
i was disappointed with the scottsdale location .
went with another couple to get caught up over christmas time .
best of all was the coffee and their fresh squeezed juices .
the produce , meat , bakery and deli selections are always good .
this place is a great find .
the fritters are excellent and i like their bagels .
all staff was extremely professional and the food was amazing .
the restaurant is really nice and seems cozy .
terrible customer services .
some of the best panang curry that i have had in the valley !
i expect much more out of a premier club in scottsdale .
this place sucks .
check it out !
i also enjoyed the side salad and grilled vegetables .
best thai in the valley !
i will definitely be coming back .
i enjoy the quality of the produce .
kona grill , come off it !
come to new york !
the food is always fresh .
she finished the paint job which was not done well .
hope you have good luck like i have .
he is from thailand and made us feel so welcome .
mike ( manager ) & tina are terrific .
well this unfortunately is not it !
i have had numerous rude run ins with her .
i love love love sweet cakes !
wish i had read the reviews before eating here .
service was slow , i think because there was only one person working .
then my review has served its purpose .
and speaking of food , it 's crappy half the time now .
there are a few standout wraps and the wings are very tasty .
it was n't as good as i expected .
bring sunscreen !
if you buy six bagels they charge you $ _num_ .
horrible dinner tonight .
love this place !
our sports facility will be incredible and science is huge .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .
customer service is a joke .
so , you try to tough it out .
this place is amazing !
this sandwich was to not have lettuce or tomatoes on it .
long story short , do n't go to brakes plus .
some ppl may call her rude but i think she is very real .
this is n't bad if you want cheap and convenient and greasy mexican food .
great atmosphere , all women , all sports , decent hair cuts !
i have had better greasy spoons , much much better .
its really just personal preference .
but they only brought out half the food .
no apologies no cares .
these guys mike and scott are awesome .
the manicure was terrible .
first time to arizona and i fell in love !
excellent food !
food is great even though i am from the home of carne asada !
service was all over the place ranging from ultra attentive to absolutely clueless .
i have never had such good hair cuts .
i will definitely go back very good food .
said he 'd be back in _num_ minutes .
big disappointment .
excellent pricing and service .
all in all , it was disappointing .
pork chop was dry , margarita was not made properly .
they acknowledged me , but could n't send anyone to help me .
overall , i 'd definitely recommend .
we had introduced many friends to their eatery and all love it .
definitely recommend them for a great carwash !
love it !
once again the staff were wonderful .
she is very thorough in her exam and treatment options .
elmer 's is some of the best i have ever had .
some clerks are helpful , a couple of them are not so much .
i love bargain hunting here .
thank you very much !
love this place .
this is a fantastic hotel for a couples getaway .
perfect size for lunch , did n't leave the place painfully stuffed .
also , chairs are dirty .
rio has been one of the worst learning experiences i have ever had .
none of the staff seemed up and happy .
noisy .
service was slow .
rooms are awesome !
we had the buffalo chicken pizza , delicious !
she was such a great help !
not only is she talented and experienced , she is friendly and personable .
excellent veterinary care !
the location is quite convenient .
the food comes out hot and tastes great every time !
best salsa !
the facilities are first rate with two excellent pools .
one blonde waitress in particular is extremely rude .
i will not be returning to this location .
this place is spectacular .
thanks defalco for a great dinner .
seriously , the only thing they got right was the lettuce .
delicious and fresh breakfast options , and reasonable prices .
in any case , i would not recommend this place .
i always seem to find a new organic treat when i shop there .
robert lemon initially called me and he was courteous and enjoyable on the phone .
the food here was not good .
get a credit card machine , its almost _num_ .
we had such a great experience .
this is the best victoria 's secret i have ever visited .
mushrooms and stetson salad are a must any time visiting az !
love this place !
loved everything about our visit .
it is a little overpriced , but definitely worth it !
received great service from mark , who went above and beyond .
i think they are one of the best in the in the valley .
they sell more than the basics of beer , and the food is great .
the rice was just plain white rice .
decent price on drinks .
the most genuine owner who truly has passion for what he does !
he was in a foul mood and took it out on everyone .
i 've met some crazy people here and i always have fun !
the kettle chips were the only decent thing on the plate .
lube shop is great for a quick oil change !
the family that owns this place are the sweetest .
there was just a general attitude problem .
i also enjoy the chickens running around .
a simple `` i 'm sorry , what box are you ?
soup , salad , entree and even the deserts are prepared to perfection .
came back for a check up and hector remembered me .
it was a bowl of soup , definitely not chowder .
are we in los angeles at these prices ?
this place is amazing .
absolutely recommend .
i was furious with the lack of customer service .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .
both have a great ambiance .
my husband and i looked forward to celebrating our anniversary at elements .
she said the description is for a different one that is n't the picture .
the interiors are newly remodeled and look great !
he is always on time , friendly and courteous .
great pizza !
_num_ minutes .
it may be a bit americanized , but overall very good .
i will definitely be back !
i went yesterday to try on dresses and they had such an amazing selection !
first time , not so good .
i got ta tell you ... .
this restaurant is so quaint and beautiful .
booked appointment online waste of time .
$ _num_ for a decent portion + choice of soup or salad .
lucky for them no one slipped and fell .
this guy runs a good shop , does great work , and is honest .
i loved apache junction but would steer anyone away from this if i could .
$ _num_ bill .
the chimichanga roll was really good .
they have a nyc attitude in a small quaint area .
its cool , very cozy for a date too and central scottsdale .
highly recommend !
every employee here is always sooo nice .
_num_ times they came out and ordered the wrong things .
service was very good and food was very tasty .
ick .
they do a great job and a long massage .
gag .
sat outside under the misters , very pleasant .
the food is not bad , but it 's so boring .
disappointing .
well run school .
dinner is more $ but the homemade quality is well worth it !
great pizza !
this was a charming hotel .
highly recommend their catering services for parties .
amazing .
it 's clean , quiet and pet friendly .
prices are great .
great place to have a casual italian meal in old town scottsdale .
i wanted this place for my wedding more than anything .
awesome honest people .
amazing food .
worst chili 's ever .
made to order and authentic .
barbara is a wonderful server and extremely friendly .
all three were excellent !
cheap drinks , good eats and a nice relaxed atmosphere .
was the food just sitting out before they brought it over ?
the gals here are always smiling and upbeat !
fast service !
we had the perfect event .
these guys are great .
my new favorite tattoo place !
very happy with zipps .
crowded for lunch , and that was good to see .
i do n't see what the issue is .
great combo for the adventure .
the room i visited was very comfortable and clean .
we stayed to finish our drinks and enjoyed the music .
bad ?
service is good .
great smokey tasting omelette 's and friendly staff .
the happy hour is a great bargain .
it 's been 10+ years and several cars later and we keep returning !
great , friendly atmosphere and an awesome location !
the hostess was unpleasant and lighting , too bright .
it 's so cozy and homey ... ... sigh .
the ladies are so nice and extremely helpful .
this place is great .
my suggestion would be to not go here .
attentive , kept me informed and had a great attitude !
why do n't you know the menu ?
margaritas were good , as well as all of our other food !
i had the beef chimichangas and they were great !
she is great .
service was a little slow .
we felt comfortable and relaxed , enjoying every moment .
check it out ... they made this place very very festive for the holidays .
i was finished with my appointment by 6:00 .
a great experience that will have me coming back for more .
thanks , sprouts !
i got the berry and candied walnut salad .
went here , they were out of everything .
family owned and operated restaurant with mom and pop charm .
worst fedex location .
they have great ice cream , shakes , floats and sundaes .
a good way to enjoy an inexpensive night out .
this is by far my favorite chinese restaurant !
great customer service and flawless execution !
i love their star design collection .
that was n't enough to stop me from getting this pizza again .
the bartender did n't say hi .
never , never , never , never again .
i know it 's late but spaghetti and meatballs ?
would totally recommend this place to all of my friends .
i love this store .
definitely worth going out of your way for .
good quality pizza too ... no where near fast food .
avoid this location at all costs .
dana tire seriously rocks !
sat at the bar , great selection of micro brews .
my mom got me a gift certificate ; i love the marinated chicken breasts .
and at this point may break my lease to do so .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .
she took her time and always asked if i was okay with everything .
there is a wide variety of ice creams and toppings .
waitress took over twenty minutes to wait on us .
he has got some serious talent !
another _num_ minutes brought us our dinners .
i ordered sausage and it was shredded and salty .
the bone in ribeye was especially flavorful and bold with the open flame char .
i ended up dipping my veggies in my husbands garlic sauce .
when i was _num_ .
the chicken was barely cooked and not seasoned or marinated at all .
everyone is so very helpful at this location and always have a great variety !
arizona has let me down when it comes to american food .
everything we ate was healthy , filling and delicious .
the craft brew bombers are definitely the way to go for value and quality !
i really love this place .
this seafood place is the best the east valley can offer .
very disappointed !
i would 've gotten a drink but after hearing that , why bother .
disappointed .
the experience she has had is beyond measure .
they have that too !
i would certainly recommend pinnacle peak dentistry to anyone !
they also are friendly and eager to help you .
the store made me feel dirty and cheap .
awful service and unfriendly staff .
was told they did n't have potato wedges .
both of us found the food enjoyable and the service was quite good .
and the wild boar meatballs with the delicious cream sauce .
this as with all the other hillstone group restaurants are always good .
this is a great local company !
wonderful experience , a little pricey .
bought a _num_ kia soul , horrible gas mileage i must say .
good service .
always fresh and flavorful .
this is a tourist trap full of less than mediocre food .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
the staff seemed welcoming and professional .
also , an accordion player on saturday !
the food is amazing .
they covered the whole slice with mushrooms !
they are awful .
excellent quality furniture .
otherwise , ick .
los olivos is a long time scottsdale restaurant .
gabby 's is an interesting place and it has its pros and cons .
if you are a committed fitness freak - avoid this place .
we came here for dinner friday night during happy hour .
miso soup was not what we remembered but sushi and pad thai were good .
it 's also lacking in terms of equipment and towels .
great shop !
and obviously you ca n't put a price on a lost baby .
they loved the food and very thoughtful service .
wish i could give less than _num_ star .
really good food every time .
it 's the perfect neighborhood bar .
and having a blast learning how to play guitar .
next to the french dip , these were the worst .
we will definitely be back !
way to go on killing me .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
service was excellent .
they even offer an anniversary cake for the one year anniversary .
this is definitely one of favorite places to eat in the valley so far .
a little bit on the pricey side but i love this place !
it was crowded and everyone thinks they should rush ahead at the same time .
these are the best adjustments i have ever had .
thanks nicole !
i knew i had to come back for this trip !
zero stars if possible .
we will definitely continue our business here .
good value and delicious .
nice group and local business .
always enjoy coming here with my family !
the ladies in the shop were very nice as always .
i can take my own trash out .
food is excellent and very traditional .
worst part is that they charge $ _num_ for the damn thing !
what a basic and lame name .
no compassion , no respect , no vet knowledge .
this is more like a standard motel _num_ that costs 3x the amount .
i would highly recommend this place to my friends .
good pizza and reasonably priced .
the staff was courteous , friendly , and prompt .
the food is okay , nothing special at all , but not disgusting .
no one seems to care about what there doing .
the adult food , however was delicious and fairly priced .
i took them for the experience and they absolutely loved it here .
i did not taste anything that i did not like .
huge portions and great sides .
great little place !
awesome bloody mary bar , yummy food and great service !
not just a little fat , this was gristle .
breakfast plates are all soo good !
very disappointed .
but , the real gem was the atmosphere .
my personal fav is the beef brisket sandwich with spicy bbq sauce .
the tacos , enchiladas and beans are also top notch here .
treated us like we had never had any landscaping done before .
great breakfast this morning !
will not be going back .
overall , disappointing gym .
also , food sucked .
this has been my go to nail place since high school !
i would highly recommend them to anyone in the area looking for a dentist .
the venue itself is horribly run .
he is their best salesman .
our salads arrived promptly at _num_ ( _num_ hour after being seated ) .
this is a classic ice cream parlor with counter and table service .
if you are a foodie , this is the place !
the santa fe roll was weird .
absolutely one of the best i have ever had !
bring back the piano !
nice lay out .
swing in and give them a try , you 'll be glad you did !
gus 's is disgusting .
this place is not the cleanest restaurant in town .
we went to mi comida last night and it was so delicious .
i have to say , they have the best steak in scottsdale .
from beginning to end was an absolute delight .
scam ) , they said they had no menu , what ?
there service sucks .
do not rent a meeting room from this hotel !
fantastic food , great place , great location .
this is one of my favorite places to visit .
the place might have gotten better , might still be the same .
nice selection of cigars .
the other one would be italian grotto .
i also love the restaurant there - elements .
food was also good .
we also purchased a _num_ year in home service contract .
wow !
i love this place !
_num_ hours later no call .
the stuffed burger lacked seasoning and taste !
this place is not authentic plus it 's dirty looking all around .
the way they submitted the loan was false which caused the decline on purpose .
food was alright ... but not up to par with the price .
a number of the animals have a permanent home at the center .
terrible !
oh well ... arizona has plenty of other courses .
easy to make friends , staff , every one was really nice to me .
i 'm too young to shut this place down !
will definitely come back !
why would you open a veterinary clinic without a vet present !
not as good as it used to be .
the minestrone soup tastes like leather .
excellent service as usual .
food is served hot and tastes great .
yum yum yum !
best crab in az !
great food , great service , good happy hour !
definitely my favorite in the valley .
served with choice of peas or slaw , and tartar and ketchup .
great food and memories here .
avoid this awful nail salon !
thank you , friend !
family run business explains the quality and consistency .
overall its a great place to go on a weekend .
lovely patio with a great breeze .
the soda 's were flat and tasteless .
perfect place for family or date .
dr. patel is the best eye doctor .
sugar bowl makes for a great hot afternoon treat .
best experience in buying a car !
this could possibly be the worst experience i 've ever had at a restaurant .
was here for new years eve and the music and atmosphere was good .
incredible portions and the food was delicious .
what was the most frustrating was that nobody would help our situation .
a nice place for traditional mexican in old town .
carl is great .
i am not a huge steak person but i did enjoy this place .
very fresh and flavorful .
the margaritas are great .
soft and well cooked .
needless to say i will be back on many more sundays to come !
the meat was old and extremely dried out .
the reason for this review though is there amazing customer service .
i will not be going back to los olivos .
not the best ever but definitely good !
i 'm glad i found this place !
best laundry service ever !
the salsa was more like spicy tomato paste .
you lost a client today scottsdale vet clinic .
you 're not allowed a refund if you disagree with it either .
worse blizzard i have ever eaten and ripped off by the price !
would give it a zero if i could .
what the ... probably wo n't be back .
unfortunately i live right by this one .
i am not sure if i will return or not .
servers are great .
the staff is always friendly and welcoming from the front desk to the techs .
however based on what i saw , i know i 've had way better .
after _num_ minutes , we were finally seated .
marco is a very nice man has been every time i 've been there .
this is a great spot and i 'm glad i gave it a try .
excellent as usual .
major kudos on that recipe !
the atmosphere is much more elegant inside than it seemed from the outside .
wonderful staff !
jorge made my sandwich perfectly like i wanted and was super friendly .
i worked with carol , who is pretty much the sweetest woman alive .
it was just so cute and quaint !
she let us talk a bit and then shared what she thought as well .
awesome customer service !
i will be sending all my family and friends to see stephanie !
i would recommend this place to anyone .
found this place about _num_ years ago .
rhonda in particular is awesome !
awesome fresh bread and all the italian classics .
best prime rib going !
it appears there is no bus staff or management as well !
i was pleased with his service .
the food here is absolutely delicious !
the service is great .
thank god for trader joes !
not just cold , but frozen .
i was surprised and impressed !
i 'll definitely be back during my next visit to scottsdale !
customer service is n't really that important to us .
we ordered chips and salsa for $ _num_ .
thanks guys .
honest , reliable , excellent work , affordable !
drinks were nasty !
they also have a wide selection of products to buy .
the water at this venue is terrible .
i 'm a _num_ ear old guy .
great food , really great food !
good sand .
great place for happy hour .
talk about great service !
the rice looked like potatoes it was so overlooked .
oh my gosh it 's a party in your mouth !
not so easy .
food was good , hot and tons of it !
best service in scottsdale .
this is by far the best greek food in az .
fantastic !
the horchata here has the perfect balance of sweetness and spices .
the bun was mashed down and you could see finger prints .
the environment was nice , the service was great !
hummus was tasteless .
highly recommended !
my boyfriend really enjoyed me watching and watching himself .
the equipment has greatly improved since i started here .
this was our first time to this place and it was great !
i have also had the tacos , they were spicy but pretty tasty .
thanks !
definitely found my new stylist and would recommend her all day esp .
avoid this place at all costs !
we come from new mexico and our mexican food is different .
nice and quiet and very clean .
sales going on !
love the cut .
they did n't have any quality items for sale .
the facility is very clean and spacious .
the rest of the entres at the table were delicious .
happy hour menu has all the favorites !
we went to mcdonald 's after instead of wasting more money on the food .
we were looking forward to eating here this morning , then everything went wrong .
the workers at the concession stands are very nice !
wonderful .
all freshly prepared and wonderful tasting .
the billing department has also been great with working with us .
she is so personable and professional , and delivers excellent results every time !
i 'd rather eat elsewhere .
here 's to hoping that another great band will soon perform here !
thank you , drs .
this was in no way worth $ _num_ .
yum , yum and yummmm .
classy music .
i had so much fun and got a new look !
it was delicious .
give it a shot , especially the curries .
creative nail design is the products used and everyone is talented !
i feel like a cheated rabbit .
it was delicious !
thank you and you have a long term customer !
the monthly rent is about _num_ % above market rate .
nice selection of equipment .
both cooked perfectly .
this time it did n't seem so good .
the mega meat is fantastic .
calls back .
they completely ignore you and walk right by you .
i think think the restaurant is in obvious financial trouble .
the sushi was worse than the stuff you buy from the grocery store .
friendly staff and great food !
we were not disappointed at all - go support this wonderful bakery !
because they only have pepsi .
gross food .
super friendly and helpful staff !
it was a whole lot better than the ridiculous attempt at a cosmo though .
the office staff is always friendly and professional .
staff so friendly and professional and it 's never feels like dentist office !
their food is out of this world ; same goes for their wonderful coffee .
not worth the money for two simple reasons .
the strawberry pancakes were good and overall the portions were very big .
bar food at its best .
great vibe , great service and great food - what 's not to like ?
i can only assume it is due to the undercooked eggs i was served .
one bite would be medium , the next would be very spicy .
everything i ordered tasted too good and fresh .
the doctors were fabulous and so kind .
love the food !
but really , the wait staff sucks .
course is in terrible conditions .
the wait is never long and the crowd is great for people watching .
you can sit outside and the service was friendly and attentive .
another great pizza from this place .
highly recommend !
horrible service , felt dirty everywhere and the food was greasy and bland .
my filet here was so tender it nearly melted in my mouth .
we have opted to spend our hard earned money elsewhere .
family friendly during the day for a quick bite .
he just lost a big chunk of change .
but that 's just me ! )
there was no way i was returning to this chop shop today .
food is outstanding .
but the crowd was really friendly !
no resort should have that kind of a/c .
the best sushi place i had in the valley had to be near ahwatukee .
service was spotty as well .
you called me back once and i have n't heard back from you since .
but i would rather eat at ihop than this place .
yummy asian fusion selection , great service , big portions , and great prices !
our fault for not looking at the menu .
sometimes the service can be slow but everyone is very friendly and accommodating .
the latest yelp reviews complained about poor service n rude wait staff .
used this store on warner to ship _num_ states over via ups .
i made the mistake , do n't you .
best new mexican food in the valley .
i 've never had anyone be so disrespectful at a restaurant to me .
please do not give your money to this establishment .
for the insanely huge size and great quality , the price was right .
found a great pair of heels here .
what a disappointing experience .
with such a big selection i 'm sure they have it !
not a big fan .
just stopped by for dinner and am extremely annoyed .
i love the amenities they offer as well as the spacious floor plans !
that in my book is worth _num_ stars alone so thank you .
you have to understand , this is a hole in the wall joint .
the service is wonderful .
we gave patio star a set of the old cushions for sample and guide .
good chips and salsa !
do yourself a favor .
always a good place .
i doubt i will go back .
it 's a place you must visit while you are in scottsdale az .
the town itself is really sad .
worst chinese food ever .
they also give back a lot to the local community .
i feel sorry for anyone that has to work with her .
the pastas and salads are as good as any .
i love this place .
josh and jackie , bartenders , are spot on !
i want to show them off to my friends from out of town .
this place knows how to represent the brand .
great guys , doing great work , at great prices .
fettuccine alfredo is really good .
well , the salad was wrong on top of that .
nothing spectacular , but definitely good .
cool and inviting atmosphere !
only had grooming done at this hole in the wall dirty place .
super staff and the doctor was fantastic .
overpriced and lacking in communication skills .
asked for bacon crispy and eggs over medium .
this place was over priced americanized thai food .
i wrote down my address , phone number , date of birth .
and , i suspect , illegal hiring practices .
we kept adding money to our cards .
it smells awful , old and stale in the here .
this place will always be my go to .
prices are ridiculous - $ _num_ per glass of unknown cabernet .
i would definitely recommend china wok and i would definitely go back !
yeah i did n't really like this bar .
i absolutely love bandera !
she did n't deserve that good of a tip .
there is always a lot of people and good times .
we had dessert & coffee here on valentine 's day .
they offered a free dental exam , which i accepted .
i agree with everyone who says that the onions are way too salty .
the restaurant itself is clean and the waitstaff is always polite .
a rare yelp disappointment !
he said i bought this on sale so there 's no returns .
a great go to for a quick meal .
no way !
did n't taste good at all .
strawberry banana smoothie was absolutely delicious as well !
so now were up to almost $ _num_ for a small spaghetti .
in the short will never ever never visit this establishment again .
would recommend this facility to anyone !
the dessert on the other hand was a nightmare .
but malee 's is excellent , excellent food .
thank you for the lift !
so far , this is the best pizza ive had in scottsdale .
i am so disappointed .
the wine list was extraordinary - largest i 've seen .
my fianc and i love this place !
great breakfast !
best spa ever , i ca n't wait to go back again !
the food has always been quite enjoyable and service is always on point .
i 'm starving but not enough to even finish this sandwich .
there was no attempt at service delivery , making it right , etc .
i 'm a huge fan of both locations and it 's great for groups .
excellent friendly service , the food is phenomenal .
came here as it 's super close and convenient .
love this place !
nothing to it , not prepared correctly and the chicken was stringy and dry .
it 's an old place with plenty of nostalgia .
staff was ok , but the music rocks !
i repeat , do not buy a car from here !
the prices are fair and they are great about running on time .
i love kyoto !
just stick to beer .
rude staff , very dark and dim lighting and never a place to sit .
all well made , so glad to eat good home cooked mexican .
other than that , food was great !
definitely one of the best sushi joints in town .
they also have great fudge .
highly recommend !
it was a fourth grade class field trip .
i have had the breakfast jack sandwich which is always hot and fresh .
and meticulous with the nails .
loved the veggie hash and the monkey pancakes .
we had dinner here tonight for my husbands birthday .
the outside looks great , but the interior was awful .
good job guys !
this location is the best !
some more volume , some more texture .
the nail techs are very kind and courteous , and they take their time .
very pleasant experience .
my filet was undercooked and a bit bland .
reservations are highly recommended .
pork belly its decent as well .
i think the food is spot on for a german restaurant .
we arrived at _num_ pm and only _num_ of the rooms were available .
this is a place we will highly recommend and also visit again .
do not go here if you are in any kind of hurry .
great place for burgers .
definitely will be back !
it is packed , so reservation is recommend .
we wasted nearly _num_ hours of our lives on this meal .
the inside is extremely nice compared to the other apartments in this price range .
the food always rocks ... nothing i 've tried on the menu has disappointed .
i was very disappointed with the service at this restaurant location .
worked with the manager , dave who actually took care of our dinner .
bad form .
great place to grab a cup of coffee and hang out .
they made it correctly and the price was as quoted on-line .
honestly the worst carrot cake i 've ever had !
this is my favorite restaurant of all .
rude staff and horrible food .
live music , great ambiance , good food and a well stocked bar .
the guy was annoyed that i even would ask .
i could n't wait to check out of this hotel .
plus the prices are reasonable for the amount of food you get !
the crab cakes and skewers are also excellent .
great pizza , sushi , and salad bar .
wow !
incredible pizza !
the food is mediocre and you should not order any drinks from here .
hilarious literally `` little '' find in az !
so the bf and i sit there .
great location and excellent services !
the food was so good and i really appreciate the customer service !
literally the worst place i can think of to live .
i wo n't be ordering again .
people , music , dancing and fun .
super friendly staff .
and bonus !
this place has the best dish of all time ... blue corn enchiladas .
i would hesitate to go back in fear of the same experience .
great food and service .
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !
wonderful breakfast again .
avoid at all cost !
i do n't like this place at all .
elmer 's is great !
there is always live music to enjoy .
i 'll be back , cause like i said ... .
the bread basket , especially the corn bread is delicious .
first , all trader joes are amazing with their prices .
this is a great family run , 30+ years in the business .
great office .
do n't think we 'll waste our time again .
thanks for the many years of excellent care !
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .
being an upscale place be prepared to take a hit in the wallet .
a great bike shop !
this place is delicious .
great attitude and great service .
i just walked out after a few minutes .
i would definitely recommend them for all your upholstery work .
nothing stands out as far as i am concerned though ... .
i loved it !
your eggs are too expensive and are not worth _num_ a piece , ridiculous .
took my car in to diagnose leak in my a/c system .
too bad the taste was n't .
great options great service .
good homemade desserts .
see my photos for proof , this ai n't no bs !
i 'm just asking for a little professionalism .
it 's off that the prices are n't posted on the menu .
rob was an absolute tool when trying to cancel reservation within an hour .
if you 're in need of storage , i highly recommend this facility .
so obviously , this place is doing something right .
heard rave reviews about this place unfortunately the restaurant was not quality food !
absolutely incredible meal , and very friendly service .
the staff were all just standing around .
the spinach salad my wife had was simple and had pickled artichokes in it .
it 's been over a week and a half and still no call back .
here my dog had been suffering for weeks for absolutely no reason .
bagel nosh ai n't it .
the employees made me feel so welcome , it was the best .
the decor is blah .
i probably wo n't be back to dine here any time soon .
the food is seriously good , maybe the best chinese food in phoenix .
it 's loud , obnoxious crowd , and way too expensive !
after we ordered our food , the wait guy never came back .
i went up to the counter and spoke to the owner .
i felt welcomed and she knew all of her clients .
stayed there for a few days and service was all right .
this is the best vet i have ever had .
my grandparents have been regulars for years and know most of the people there .
too bad .
ca n't trust them avoid this place .
the waitress was beyond rude and unhelpful .
finally good mexican food that 's actually spicy and flavorful !
this is a fantastic property .
overall a great spot to golf with some fantastic views and friendly staff .
ashley was great !
the food was fantastic !
total waste of $ $ .
good flavorful pizza .
it was getting annoying , actually .
this is a good shop - recommended for anyone looking for a cut .
had a _num_ % coupon , so i got the fancy wash plan .
i would avoid this place at all costs .
waited a year to come back .
also , the staff is always friendly .
so we go for the great food , the service and the tasty margaritas .
good , standard mexican food .
really , truly world class selection .
always good .
great service !
definitely recommend !
just that extra touch of class .
the food was amazing .
service was great too .
it sucked ass .
i like a little crunch , but come on , not the meat !
this place is fabulous .
not one complaint from anybody we were with .
i requested jalapeos and banana peppers and i swear i got one of each .
this was a very interesting place .
the owner is an incredible individual .
place is dingy , especially for it being in scottsdale .
has a small bar where you can get exotic cocktails .
these guys are great .
overall my experience was _num_ one star .
good thing we decided to wait it out because bc is delicious .
with $ _num_ for a _num_ 1/4 lb .
always clean and friendly .
this place is awesome !
ken clearly shows passion in what he does .
ground beef enchiladas with and egg on top .
the food was great , and the beer was amazing .
rude staff !
the place is clean .
i ordered the fish tacos and i got chicken tacos instead .
the egg drop soup literally just tasted like salt water .
and our drinks are almost always empty and the servers are hard to find .
good : cheap drinks !
ca n't afford to allow them to continually ruin my clothes .
recently bought a variety of license plates there for a good price .
i have been here quite a few times and always thoroughly enjoy everything .
not a good one either .
sweet cakes is a hidden treasure with amazing baked goods !
she said that coach does give boxes or sells boxes .
food was great .
delicious !
good to split with _num_ people .
_num_ hours should mean you can expect at least some minimum level of service .
i love this water and ice !
nearly empty dining room .
whenever my family comes here , we always try something new .
i will definitely be back .
it really was n't funny .
we love this place.
i love this place .
went here with a groupon because i wanted to try somewhere new in town !
i ordered the pollo margarita which was a little dry , but good .
the staff is very helpful and friendly .
they should n't use precious ac space for storage !
the hostesses are always welcoming and friendly .
it did n't get finished .
interesting spot at scottsdale in shea .
they need to lay off the ice .
the ethiopian place three doors down does n't serve alcohol .
but , for $ _num_ an entree ' i expected something better .
two rounds of drinks and about _num_ minutes later , we are seated .
they have a small selection of dog stuff as well .
small portion of meat and again rude and seemed irritated to be working .
love this place .
these guys are the best .
great family owned restaurant !
my husband and i had our reception here - loved it .
the murphy roll is a must !
our air has n't been working for the past few weeks .
delicious , traditional spanish food and tapas and good prices .
the salt water pool is a dream to layout in during the summer .
it gets slower and slower every time .
the chicken is very juicy and flavorful .
tasted like old hot canned tuna fish with mayo and cream cheese .
friendly service with a smile at a neighborhood bbq joint .
this could very well be the worst hotel experience i 've ever had .
there were _num_ other customers in the store needing assistance .
no counter offer .
i would recommend joanna for any job .
the burrito bowl is excellent , as is the huevos rancheros .
has been longtime established western store and one of best anywhere .
this place is great .
this place is always great !
the service in the place is awful .
genuinely old school and definitely worth visiting .
tiffany is amazing and does such a wonderful job cutting and styling my hair .
my _num_ year old daughter even likes to come with me .
good bar .
i was n't given ice or a straw with my lemonade .
at canine preferred , it 's all kindness and love .
talk at work had me checking this place out .
way to own up to your mistake .
it was such a great experience .
attentive , great smile and personality .
the food was excellent and the live band was very good too .
thanks jeff !
it looked as though things were not cleaned up from the day before .
i felt like crap the next day too .
perfect place to end the night !
highly recommend !
will definitely visit again the next time i 'm in town .
great store !
the chicken masala is absolutely amazing and legit .
we quickly walked past it to the computer area .
that gave me another headache and a half .
we will definitely return !
both excellent .
do n't give this dq your business .
we prefer to patronize local businesses but you 've lost our business .
she loves her visits and comes home happy and tired !
the hostess was not very polite or friendly and seemed a bit slow .
also the antipasto salad ranks right on up there .
my family has been dinning at vito 's for about _num_ years .
the the staff are very nice and seem pretty organized on the busiest nights .
_num_ minutes go by without any service .
employees never greeted us or asked if they could help us find anything .
he listen carefully .
unfortunately , the staff was n't nearly as excited to see us .
it is loud music , loud people , over the top decor .
it was the perfect pick me up treat to get through the late morning .
ugh .
that just did n't reverse my frustration .
defalco 's is absolutely worth a stop - check it out !
i fully agree with amanda b. on this one .
two negative experiences in a row and yes , you lost another customer .
bad .
they serve there meatball sub on a hotdog bun .
no signage .
i will not be back .
i absolutely love this place !
and it is always so good .
got ta appreciate that .
this is a very popular breakfast place for tourists .
terrible service .
highly recommended .
ordered margherita pizza _num_ go ... had one ( _num_ ) piece of basil !
this was a great dinning experience food was fab .
honest .
semi quiet .
the owner lady is super sweet and welcoming !
we get our drinks then _num_ minutes later our appetizer .
great customer service , very prompt and efficient .
no call backs or follow ups to update you on the process .
sad , i miss the old days .
the staff are always friendly and courteous .
the gluten free pizza and pasta 's are really good .
i wo n't be back .
too much stuff in a small space .
they had the prime rib ( which was seriously fabulous and cooked to perfection !
i did not leave happy , since the food was mediocre at best .
so whose fault is it again ?
the buffet is small but the food is delicious !
over the years , the quality went down .
an awful experience .
a bottle of fat tire really should n't be asking for too much .
it totally lacked in antique merchandise and that was what i was there for .
the upscale atmosphere is appropriate for a date night .
definitely enough food for the four of us .
pei wei is consistently fresh , tasty , and a good value .
toasted ravioli ... excellent .
great service .
they made myself and my dog feel right at home !
chicken was burnt .
i chose courtyard towers for my mother after an extensive search .
repairs are always done well and at a reasonable rate .
the quality of the service , the food and the entire staff was excellent .
the owners were so sweet and nice !
super awesome in every way .
i have no idea why this restaurant has been rated so highly .
the orange chicken was more bread then chicken and let alone zero orange flavor !
pros : the atmosphere and the people are great .
he walked me to the back of the shop and pointed it out .
the spa was nice and relaxing .
the hookah service is a little better , but not by much .
he too busy to talk .
trust these guys both for what they do and do n't do .
food was delicious and came out at a fantastic time .
they were having the same problems .
spicy .
rancho pinot 's menu changes daily , depending on what 's fresh .
their dinner servings are worth the price , sesame chicken is amazing .
has consistently gone over and above for me .
friendly service , and good menu choices .
see a blonde named sam , stay away !
too bad we took her advice .
very flavorful .
i only stayed for one night on business .
it was disgusting .
amazing !
they also have reverse happy hour till close .
always a good time at a great price .
they really do not do brunch well .
... always a crowd pleaser .
check your policies and hire people who will follow them .
no way are we going to waste our time looking here .
we 'll definitely be back !
thank you .
great cause .
great service here !
it is just obnoxious .
nice job !
ca n't you just charge me extra ?
the food is n't that great .
always fresh , fat , and delicious .
burn it !
seriously , this is my new local when i 'm in town .
the indoor and outdoor settings were gorgeous , cozy , and inviting !
this was it , i was never going back .
generous portions and wonderful seasonings .
you will fall in love with your hair !
so unhappy i cant even tell you .
definitely will go again when in town .
it seems like every seat is decent .
i was very impressed with jennifer 's knowledge and skilled technique .
they did an awesome job !
he 's a sweet guy and is always honest .
very cozy and intimate atmosphere .
_num_ minutes later we called again and no one answered .
warm potato chips .
what a cute little bar ... .
service is impeccable and proper .
good pizza !
manager hugh ( cousin of the owner ) always makes everyone welcome and happy .
my _num_ year old son felt very comfortable .
i would highly recommend this dry cleaner , great service , great price .
the staff was friendly and attentive .
they always help me load the product purchased .
it just does n't manage to be charming and here is why .
no one in the place noticed we left or even cared .
food is good and the wings in particular .
the price is right and it 's authentic .
impact it 's a great company .
they became soggy ) but why so much sugar !
this guys make the best oatmeal cookies and scones in the valley !
oh my god , best breakfast burrito ever .
i love taco bell !
wonderful hidden gem .
what a waste of money !
i will continue to come here !
i was thoroughly satisfied with my meal !
well , almost .
the staff is friendly and does a great job .
even at full price their services would be worth it .
both jerry and natalie provide great service and chat .
will definitely check them out again on my next trip to phoenix .
i 'm _num_ .
unfortunately , this place is a little pretentious for my liking .
i am pretty sure that this is the location he ordered from .
friendly service .
the staff is always so friendly !
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .
great office , very sweet staff !
seems like the same old theater that it was in the _num_ 's .
this place is great .
booked tee time on executive course through the pro shop for this morning .
my brownie sundae was fantastic .
great food !
but that did n't happen since the kitchen is closed .
the waitress was very kind and helpful and the food was good .
dressing attendant was beyond clueless and did not want to help find sizes .
basic courtesy and customer service is not in their business model .
even the water tasted horrible .
not usually a problem but she also kept stopping to talk to her friends .
not when there 's a nellos and a great falafel place so nearby .
i told her i had been watching and not that many people were eating .
but i still enjoyed viewing others ' unique perspective on life and art .
waited about another _num_ mins and no one came out .
i decided it was time to give it another try .
well , hey two for me .
monday came and went with no phone call .
first time guests , and have been ignored for .
good times !
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .
nice admission price ( free ) .
not impressed .
the room was terrible - filthy .
i 'm thinking , you do n't recognize me ?
the service is always great at this location !
they are honest and dependable .
received professional service with excellent repair results .
i would recommend this place to all my friends .
kona grill really surprised me with how great their happy hour is !
the problem was the chicken and noodles had absolutely no flavor .
shame on that owner for allowing this to happen .
great price as well .
ridiculous .
this has now become one of my favorite sushi places .
the highlight was the little jalapeno cornbread muffin that came with it .
we used a groupon for our first time and it was wonderful !
ordered the links over easy with rye toast and hash browns .
approximately _num_ % chance the service will leave something to be desired .
so much fun though !
the good : the beer selection is excellent !
so good !
otherwise , awesome .
ambience was nice though and our waiter b was amazing .
they are constant professionals with compassion , a hard combination sometimes to combine .
terrible service and people .
it took almost _num_ hours to do my hair .
the guacamole & chips were very good .
i ca n't hate on that .
i moved to mesa from northern california a year and a half ago .
another satisfying service visit .
it took _num_ minutes to install the new one .
they quickly learn your name and treat you like family !
will recommend to others .
but he did n't say we were done .
like i 'd want to lie and be this old lol .
hands on ownership always good to see !
ambiance was great .
everything looked like it came straight out of a can .
very clean , friendly staff , decent prices .
dodge electric has been terrific to work with .
i walked out and never went back .
one of my favorite sports bars in the valley .
margarita was lousy .
dirty , crappy old bathrooms .
friendly employees , clean restaurant .
however , said knife did not land in said wing basket .
this is the second time i have eaten her and i am not impressed .
i had to follow up in person at the nursery to state my concerns .
she gives suggestions and ideas or takes an example and just runs with it .
now i want that for dinner !
the pork enchilada was soo dry i gave up & spit it out .
just say you 're appointment only , or hire more people .
i wo n't make that drive again .
very happy with the service .
we also had them provide the food for us and everyone loved it !
why could n't they push _num_ tables together for us ?
the staff here are always polite , helpful , and fun .
amazing service !
plus it was nice to see her large playful dog in the background .
the rolls are huge and very well made .
had to wait _num_ minutes for our table .
i will not be going back and will tell my friends not to bother .
this is a fun experience for $ _num_ .
that only saved one b.s .
had a great meal there .
i will not be going back .
the atmosphere is amazing and the outdoor patio has a great ambiance .
all for only $ _num_ .
barely ate any .
i will be coming back just because of him !
they were so nice and helpful !
this place is by far the greatest !
our first time to a pei wei and we enjoyed it .
_num_ ) finish it .
where the margaritas were twice the size for $ _num_ less .
well , $ _num_ later i have ac !
thank you china wok i will be back often just because of this .
it was amazing !
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the server was kind to bring me _num_ salad dressing options .
many shops and shows to see !
no everytime my food still needs to get ready .
also is a great place to watch a sporting event .
i 'd recommend !
it 's a long dining experience but in the end it 's worth it .
plus the place just looked dirty .
my experience was that the nurses at the shea location were top notch .
should 've went to mcdonald 's across the street .
amazing place .
me and my family have been going here for years !
the 2nd time was an oil change no issues .
great draft beer selection and a friendly staff .
_num_ minutes later she came back and said they are still working on it .
prices are a tad high but worth it .
the sales are good and sales people are friendly .
great store , great prices , friendly service .
i would not eat here again as there are far better options nearby .
the pizza is close to inedible .
i will definitely be referring him to all my friends and family .
they have some great price points in here modest wine list .
party of one , but they added _num_ % gratuity without consultation .
super fast and easy .
i will not be back .
domestic bliss also has in house designers that are amazing !
it just tasted bad .
and service was great .
pick it up big surf , management _num_ % to blame today !
very friendly staff and quick service too .
the sandwiches were nothing special .
the beef in my burrito tasted like ocean water ... plus .
after all this my order was not even correct as i ordered it .
worst dye job .
super helpful and a great value .
i 'm taking my business elsewhere .
i can not stress enough , do your research and look elsewhere .
best service for tires i have ever received !
waitress was awesome and food was good !
$ _num_ for a soda ?
the front desk had horrible communication problems .
worst experience i have ever had in any type of show .
this place is awesome .
no menu .
this place is awesome .
i thought it was a great spot to stay at .
my favorite music venue in the valley !
needless to say , i wo n't be back .
do n't bother going .
i have a complaint on service every time i go here .
i was first delighted by the museums sleek exterior .
good bar type food and great service !
you 're a good man .
the food was delicious and i absolutely loved my asian inspired basil cocktail .
i was charged $ _num_ , which my bank app can verify .
more importantly , very hard for me to believe they did n't know !
we were not inspired enough to go back .
i ca n't believe that no one else has complained about this location before .
this place is perfect .
she did not even clean under my nails !
dark decor , elegant low lighting and top-notch service .
all professional gear at solid deals .
really just the perfect sandwich .
great place !
a wonderful shop !
it 's a great office , very friendly staff , comfortable , and professional .
had a great first experience here tonight .
the people were great !
i 'm dissapointed in this restaurant , i really wanted to like it .
not sure i would have wanted any more though .
pizza was soggy & greasy .
had a great meal here prior to a show at the mesa arts center .
school is lackluster and is really profit driven .
will definitely come again !
one of the worst experiences i 've ever had in scottsdale .
she was really amazing .
the best service !
i love what she does with color !
the food was fresh and the atmosphere was pleasant .
this place is the best in town , hands down .
it was a very strong flavor that was overpowering and bad , real bad .
really friendly and relaxed atmosphere with a surprisingly large selection .
unlike many other places i 've been , these people honor that appointment .
what am i _num_ years old ?
this place is worth trying , you 'll come back .
i will miss the tamales .
got a breakfast burrito chimi style .
no more !
i 'll be back to see laura again soon for sure !
just ... no .
they play great music , and a lot of great people hang out there .
bland .
the service is fast and take out is great .
very disappointed .
fun place to eat outside with the kids .
its awesome but beware !
the pizza however was amazing !
and he has a heart of gold .
all in all - great experience .
the bruschetta was so fresh and delicious.
the gyro 's are always loaded with ingredients and it always tastes good .
the king size bed is very comfortable .
fast but quality service .
makes no sense .
i hate it when it takes _num_ minutes to get a cup of coffee .
wow !
lynn does a great job and gives the best pedicure in town !
traditional home style breakfast !
this is a nice alternative to a lot of the other places in scottsdale .
the service was great and the food was filling and very delicious .
great happy hour !
service amazing .
still one of my favorite spots that keeps me coming back .
$ _num_ ) .
i will definitely keep going back .
the second location has excellent sandwiches .
very professional , clean job and we are very happy with this service .
i truly wish i could give less than one star .
food was delicious and the staff was efficient and unobtrusive .
the menudo and pozole are delicious .
make sure you have reservations because the seating area is tiny .
everyone who works here is so friendly and puts my child at ease .
i highly recommend this practice .
there is an atm that charges a $ _num_ fee , yay .
well let me tell you ladies , do not let her do your nails !
friendly !
the office staff were wonderful , and friendly .
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .
a little pricy but worth it .
he was so professional and pleasant .
my cappuccino was so sip worthy ( see happy pic ) .
so no respect for the patients time .
a week passes , no key , no phone call .
the pastries are a wonderful treat , and the customer service is fantastic .
they said it would be _num_ hours until they could come out .
i can not believe all the good reviews here .
the pepperoni and ricotta is so good .
come , enjoy , and get fat !
wow .
first the cream gun was broken , fine .
a big church with a small church feel .
great haircut .
the whole experience was awful .
fries were great yet , it 's fries so ?
it was so cool to experience and see these guys go the extra step !
too bad the food is so limited and not too impressive .
wow !
and bland .
i have always had fantastic , fast , friendly service .
great acts and great people ; it 's not called the spot for nothing !
horrible craftsmanship , terrible business ethics and customer service .
it 's quite a setup with the stage and great acoustics .
they cleaned up the mess and we enjoyed a very delicious , stuffing meal .
everything tasted amazing , but my favorite was the fondue lamb chops .
not a bad place for the kids to enjoy a sports bar/restaurant .
i thought i was going to die ... and spent the night throwing up .
we were expecting a very good meal , and were very disappointed .
i 'm sorry my friend , you should have told us .
very inexpensive and it is locally owned .
basically saying it wo n't help to ask .
the servings are generous so everyone can get a taste of something different .
rice is included !
there should be a lot more craft beers on the menu .
overall very happy and will continue to use their service department .
a great date place .
what we did get was god aweful .
might come back , might not .
i have also had their baked sandwiches and they 're great also .
i love the carne asada and i love the beans .
i would certainly never come back to this place ever again .
but the star of the show is definitely the soup !
my hair always looks great !
the service was atrocious .
the reviews are wrong . ''
it was our second time , our first visit being over _num_ years ago .
highly recommend this place !
the manager always remembers what i had last and what my favorites are .
# _num_ on the desert course is a fun little chip .
everything we ordered was just perfect .
the mango lassi was too sweet too .
however the customer service is a bit lacking .
you guys saved me in a pinch !
good food , friendly staff and patrons , what more can you ask for .
however due to their complete lack of customer service i decided to pass .
yeah , i 'd stay there again .
everything we tried was fresh , high quality and executed perfectly .
there steak and fries are so delicious !
there are horrible .
on july _num_ , _num_ , i received poor customer service .
i have no idea why people rave about this place .
it 's always fresh and hot .
if i get another tattoo , i will definitely be back !
neither of us ate it .
it took over _num_ minutes to check out .
i also liked several of their wall mirrors as well as buffet lamps .
it was a great experience the customer service was delightful .
linda is the best !
awesome restaurant !
definite dive bar in scottsdale , but fun all the same .
the food was delicious and the service was wonderful .
great service and delicious food .
the pizza is as good as it gets in phoenix .
the calamari and shrimp appetizers were just average .
at the second appointment i was seen at close to my appointment time .
i took _num_ friends to lunch here today .
i then waited for another _num_ for my value meal .
`` yeah , but it 's only like _num_ % eel .
thank you all for a fantastic job !
the rice was also very dry .
meat was very fatty and huge chunks .
had the worst time !
love the service , love the location , love the staff .
bacon and over easy eggs were excellent .
our server was nice but not very informed or attentive .
not only was the food bad and overpriced , the service was terrible .
tortilla , potatoes and egg were all very fresh .
never going back .
the chorizo and eggs are amazing .
the staff is always really nice .
i never reviewed it because i felt a loyalty to the other store .
its close by , delivery is quick and the food is consistently delish .
everyone was great from front desk staff , to vet assistant to vet .
the staff is amazing and always make him feel he us their favorite .
every bite was amazing .
dh 's marinara sauce tasted like ragu sauce .
see you all soon !
there was oil dripping from the filter and oil pan and even the transmission .
we are selling our home and needed a few things fixed .
great pizza , good scene , great ... pizza .
her tone was incredibly rude .
overall a pleasant visit .
big helpings and excellent pricing .
the filet mignon was perfect .
i highly recommend this place .
excellent selection of produce - fresh fruits at great prices !
so sad !
my super close , local taco shop .
i 've never cried from a night out except for when i went here .
keep it up !
food was delicious along with the wine .
fried won tons were not crispy .
thank you trader joe 's for existing !
this entire practice is terrible .
we got the meat pizza , which was great .
highly recommend eating here !
vintage , vintage , vintage !
food is ok , but not the best .
the enchiladas were decent but the beans and rice were great .
everything i 've tried here is delicious .
fine and fresh ingredients prepared to absolute perfection .
service here is always excellent and i always look forward to my visits here .
one of the best breakfast places on earth .
one a short day trip to scottsdale , we found los olivos restaurant .
recommended .
i ordered the _num_ fried tacos .
this is not it any more .
it was also extremely limited on selection .
the place also had some comfy couches inside for a more relaxed experience .
this place is tiny !
disappointing .
they know their stuff .
when i picked them up a few days later there were only _num_ .
it 's a clean and quiet community .
we shall return and surely recommend to friends .
not sure from what .
all perfect .
i highly recommend them .
great place .
such a blast !
do n't count on using their wi-fi though ... it sucks .
stellar service and i will definitely look for her help next time i come .
televisions are easy to see .
i would steer clear of this place .
super old school arizona with so much charm .
our table was a mess .
david the parts manager is great !
everyone there is very personable , and phil is especially great to work with .
wrong !
dingy atmosphere , not appetizing when you 're ordering raw fish .
it was a perfect top to a very good meal !
wow that sound good !
seriously disappointed by the coffee - in an old fashioned coffee house ?
unfortunately the staff are apparently trained to be jerks .
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .
went for valentines day and was disappointed .
it was a dream come true !
hands down one of my favorite places to go eat !
service , excellent .
todd does a wonderful job here and the service is always spot on !
these folks are by far the most reliable plumbers i have ever dealt with .
i paid $ _num_ for my fill and pedicure and my nails look awful .
make sure grimaldi 's is part of on your regular stops in old town !
i would give _num_ stars .
awesome chips and salsa , delicious cheese enchiladas and rice .
it was a great atmosphere , the food was delicious and well prepared .
our group of nine was seated quickly and the service was great .
a nice , casual dinner restaurant .
were not coming back here again !
these guys are all great .
clean , fast and most of all delish .
the bathroom area is nothing special .
great bfast and even better coffee .
the green chili pork with fresh tortillas was fabulous .
needless to say i left pretty angry .
but after two tries i will look elsewhere .
a beautiful selection of jewelry , with exceptional designs and very reasonable prices .
i actually could n't get the hell out of there fast enough .
i wish there were negative stars for this pep boys store !
definitely call ahead .
i do n't think its health but it 's pretty damn good !
he really did n't seem to care whatsoever .
the prices are very reasonable , especially for this area .
next job , seal the cracks in my bathroom !
would not go back again they ca n't even fix alignment something so simple .
i have always been a huge fan of the sport clips chain !
when we arrived , there were _num_ other people in the entire place .
sadly i wont be returning .
this place is definitely getting our return business .
thank you all for making me feel better .
the service also extremely pleasant and professional .
mushrooms on the chicken were out of a can .
good choices , fresh salads , good selections .
one of my favorite spots .
it 's loud , not air conditioned .
her color and cut are always spot on .
and , to top it off , threw out the food .
i might not even go to any sonic after all this .
why would you even bring that out to me ?
while the food was decent , the service was absolutely awful .
i tried all three computers and none of them worked right .
do n't trust a sushi place without a single japanese person working there .
standing room only .
its become my new `` special occasion '' place !
i love it .
we completely wasted an hour of our time and left .
the chimi tasted almost burned .
amazing fish tacos , wonderful flavor and texture .
the rice was as dry as the desert .
best .
always a solid choice for lunch when your tired of regular sandwiches and subs .
we walked in and 1/2 the machines were out of order .
plus , it is expensive .
this is ridiculous !
i highly recommend this place .
nasty !
the service is definitely at its best and the prices are exceptionally reasonable .
bad move on the part of the restaurant .
do not drop your clothes off here , donate them to charity .
a lot of hype with little delivery .
it was gross .
terrific ambience , service and food .
great thai spot in old town .
ps this review has been in my drafts for a while .
i could not have been more wrong .
wonderful place !
this is by far the worst manicure i have ever received .
no credit cards .
the service is very good .
salsa was amazing too .
they do a great job , every single time !
he was very indifferent and kept saying no one else had complained about it .
there were about five tables taken and plenty of empty tables available .
great little bar with good food .
my family and i are regular customers .
chicken monterey was dry and lacked a lot of flavor .
the atmosphere was very laid back and enjoyable .
the chicken strips with buffalo sauce were hot , yummy , and crisp .
i was pleasantly surprised by this museum .
highly recommend !
the flavor of the meat alone was great .
definitely check out don & charlie 's .
right in the heart of old town .
so disappointing on so many levels .
other than that , i love this place .
phenomenal food !
my favorite indian food restaurant .
this is not how you do business .
total rip off !
the chicken pasta is the best here .
from the beginning , i had difficulty with my hot water heater .
it was so bad we left early .
the compassion and care goes beyond words .
thank you .
warranty service is equally prompt .
definitely a laid back place in old town .
the food , ambiance , and service was all top notch !
i 'm used to seeing strawberry in it and more cheesecake .
so , we ended up getting the cilantro jalapeno hummus and some tzatziki .
the food is great !
above and beyond !
ladies did a great job .
great place for lunch ; good food and fun atmosphere !
the family is very friendly and the service is fast .
the ambiance is just perfect .
flour tortillas and red pepper ( ? )
his office is modern , clean and his equipment is up to date .
worst sea food in phoenix .
love this wine bar !
their policies are awful .
friendly and helpful staff .
thanks for making us feel welcome .
i got in my car and drove off but i did n't like this .
sorry uncle sal 's just was not up to par .
the staff is nice .
i 'm sure we 'll be here a lot in the summer .
i had a larger order catered for my company , nothing too big .
everything , including the service was incredible !
do not waste your time or $ $ $ there .
this is by far my favorite chinese restaurant .
however , we were seated directly in front of the door to the patio .
so we went , and yes the server was very good looking .
it 's a hidden gem .
i got my car back and was extremely unhappy .
they are always fair and honest .
the staff is very friendly .
its awful !
i completely enjoyed my five night stay here .
love it all .
he agreed with me and paid me the fair value of the shirt .
really disappointing .
it 's just not a lunch spot .
been there twice so far , very well run range .
the outside may look pretty but the inside is terrible !
i loved the room , hospitality and location .
the sales guys are vey knowledgable about what tool is best for each job .
this place is great .
in fact , three waitresses made eye contact with us then ignored us .
thanks !
this is one of the best asian meals you may ever eat .
my husband and i went in for a _num_ buzz and a bang trim .
it was very cool dive bar .
ive been there twice and got the soft shell crab which was exceptional .
what a beautiful spot .
coach house is the epitome of dive , and i enjoyed it !
we love this place !
the staff treated me like an adult and was very patient and helpful .
from the moment i walked in i felt comfortable .
simply the best .
the worst part was they did nothing to try and keep my business .
super disappointed , tired , and hungry .
i would go back , just hopefully get a different server .
his efficiency and pleasant demeanor made my lunchtime experience very enjoyable !
i will never return here simply because the service was that bad .
greens are usually in great shape !
it was gross and a waste of money .
best price too !
love this place .
this italian deli is top notch .
tacky .
spend your hard earned money somewhere else !
tip : great photo ops for tourists !
i have been to other hometown locations , this one was the worse .
and did but waste my precious time for lunch .
best cheese steaks i 've ever had .
the cost to install and get a quality unit was cheaper than we expected .
save your money folks .
i was thoroughly disappointed by the entree , however .
jj 's is a great neighborhood bar .
the flavors were bland , even the on with jalapenos in it .
our timing was perfect as it immediately began to crowd up .
no sir .
range masters have great sense of humor but know when to be serious .
good food .
note : my party of _num_ waited _num_ hour for a table .
the food is so fresh and delicious and they deliver !
everything my friends and i have tried at cowboy ciao has been exceptional .
i spent two years in thailand and seek out thai restaurants across the us .
my nails could have been done way better by a salon school .
the staff is friendly , fast and interactive .
not real sure about this place .
the have a very nice staff and the food is great .
they have a variety of persian favorites .
i had a great experience today as a first time patient .
one burger with onions pickles mayo mustard ketchup and cheese .
disappointed !
the enchilada sauce was bland and my rice was also mushy .
old place , old smells .
the room was supposed to be available to me today .
the best fish tacos i have ever had .
i 'm glad i came !
great sports bar !
she did n't offer anything to compensate for the error on her part .
the veggie roll did n't taste fresh .
also , the bartenders rock !
when we ordered and got our food , it was tasty and delicious .
and though the latest owners are nicer than the previous , nothing else improved .
this place is just strange .
for a stupid tanning membership that i 've already paid _num_ months !
yes i have ac at home but this was ridiculously loud !
almost all the produce is very fresh and organic .
charging a cover on a random saturday night .
again i was very impressed with the design of the restaurant .
the area is so cute and the atmosphere is welcoming .
wonderful bedside manners .
we are very impressed with scottsdale air heating and cooling .
it had big chunks of shaved parmesan in it which was cool .
price is what you expect for such perfect food .
lots of bad reviews there .
enjoyed our evening with great food .
fresh bread and oil balsamic nice touch .
beer is a good deal as well .
so disappointing .
the hot tea was like plain hot water .
john the owner and rod are very friendly out are honest .
i will never go back , i would suggest others to do the same !
and let 's be honest .
seriously disappointing .
i also saw people bringing in their own food .
this place is awesome !
we had a great last night with friends who live in scottsdale .
came for happy hour while having a staycation and stayed past happy hour .
i highly recommend it .
he really knows his stuff .
nice spot to grab a casual lunch or dinner .
horrible food & even worse service .
got us in same day !
rice was excellent , meat very tender .
for the entire dining room ( _num_ tables ? )
sorry sal , did n't talk to you at all .
it was a glorious sunday .
the grounds are kept clean and the people are very friendly .
his respond was `` again , i can not tell you anything '' .
there is nothing that would ever get me to come back to this place .
great service !
french fries were barely cooked dripping with oil and soggy .
great service and atmosphere , food was exceptional !
very well prepared with top quality ingredients .
decent for the price .
i had a great time and enjoyed the food .
i tried the lox salmon eggs benedict and enjoyed it .
the service is friendly and attentive .
good wait service and timely delivery of food .
so , our check showed two steaks , with one written off .
wonderful place to get great greek cuisine .
girl at front , not so great .
everything on the menu is homemade and super good .
my favorite is the beef and broccoli .
unfortunately we did n't enjoy the scallops or shrimp dish on the starters menu .
very unique decor beautiful patio fantastic food and great service !
it was way above our expectations .
that is the only good thing about this starbucks .
will do it again !
i do n't get it .
the environment was nice and quiet .
good place .
now they are even better , they deliver !
of all the asian cuisine i really love thai food .
horrible !
the store is very clean and organized too .
i guess customer service is alive and well at this store .
`` wine tasting director '' very good , with tasty selections .
stayed here for a friends wedding and it was excellent .
it is _num_ mile south !
highly recommend !
wow !
a very good way of getting me to come back .
i recommend the carne asada because it was marinated well .
they take forever to come by to blow out the bowl .
wow !
kids working are always friendly .
he avoided my eyes and of course never approached our table !
everything was delicious .
and , no joke , the food here is really good .
decently priced , cute and clean .
is that why the pizza took so long ? )
it 's unfortunate since it 's so close to home .
dr sullivan is very patient and takes all the time you need .
i have no desire to return here .
i do n't have a choice .
and that was a mess in itself .
food is way below average .
i had him check ticket number because he would n't believe me .
for an appetizer we ordered the buffalo carpaccio and it was delicious .
i found this place on groupon .
the chopped salad is a specialty , and it was delicious .
the server was awful .
spend your money somewhere else .
beyond disgusting .
fortunately , got sushi provides both .
no fridge , old crusty tub and floors .
no kidding .
no return experience for me .
the entertainment was decent .
very traditional and lots of choices !
i noticed two other customers walked in and nothing .
this place is a perfect mix of everyday and exotic .
simply horrible .
highly recommend it !
i recommend !
not good .
unfortunately for her time here she could n't answer our questions very well .
the ambiance is not bad .
`` sorry it wo n't go .
the soft tacos were soggy with grease .
one can not even eat their sushi .
it 's so cute and cozy inside , and everyone is super friendly .
the food here is `` hit or miss . ''
my mom likes it too .
the focus was on presentation , not on providing a real meal .
or they simply do n't care ?
the service is very good , people are friendly .
i would recommend j & h to anyone !
the bathrooms were just disgusting .
always great service .
do n't waste your time .
hands down best italian in the valley .
it 's not like they are busy today .
the bartender did n't seem to care at all .
but the cakes are amazing !
first time we went here & we loved it !
i 've always had excellent service .
terrible service !
very nice facility , friendly staff , and excellent hygienists .
they have really good breakfast sandwiches and free wifi .
the `` wood '' floors in the kitchen and bathroom are not real .
great , unique restaurant .
to make matters worse , we were `` checked '' as we left early .
best chopped salad on the planet .
he doesnt seem to care what breaks in the place .
this is not the place for fine dining .
we had a great dinner .
sanctuary is an excellent resort .
papago is my favorite place to go for drinks with friends and family .
great place for happy hour !
i got a burrito with shredded beef , and it was delicious .
no matter what you choose , i 'm betting it is all good !
just so you know .
tj !
it was truly `` prime '' !
highly recommend !
it 's a must during christmas just to see the inside of the place !
the small rings were very tasty .
i was wrong .
this place still kicks ass .
certainly not an upscale resort but it serves it purpose well .
owner needs to do something about customer service- attitude is not professional .
both meals were great .
i love there food !
spicy chicken rigatoni was not spicy @ all , sauce watery and tasteless .
the food did n't look good .
everything about this resort was first class !
american said no .
the grounds are beautiful ... green grass and a lot of trees and shade .
the restaurant is clean and the staff is attentive .
the vegetables were ok , chicken was overcooked according to person eating it .
we 'll definitely be coming back again soon - more than once .
it was delicious !
speaker system worked nice so everyone heard the whole ceremony .
she had a too bad so sad attitude .
the best people watching ever !
i ordered a chicken taco , but i 've had much better .
pleasant shop .
he walked us through the entire process .
it was tremendous .
i mentioned it to the server and she shrugged it off .
i will definitely be back !
it is not , however , a good mexican restaurant .
ambience is lovely .
no sprite .
love this hidden gem .
got a great deal and thought i 'd give this place a shot .
keep up the great work !
the restrooms and general areas are not clean .
next , the service was severely lacking .
the first time i was missing an entire sandwich and a side of fries .
everything we had tasted great !
service , food and drinks were all fantastic .
the laser techs are very hit or miss .
they were very accommodating and the staff loved entertaining my little one .
the week i moved to arizona i went here twice !
excellent sandwiches and friendly service in a historic place !
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .
this itself was very grimy and difficult to read .
i am being very generous here , because the expectations were so much higher .
always fresh and good value .
i would recommend this complex to anyone !
sorry to my family for wasting your money .
this place has it all !
keep it up !
never been there ... scared away by the name .
great service and a lot cheaper than audio express .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .
i love coming here .
i absolutely love santisi brothers !
my order was on a sunday so adjust your opinion accordingly .
thanks don !
great buys at great prices .
great drink , food , and service .
the room was very small but it was clean .
overall i 'm happy with the experience .
these should be full of flavor and it was bland .
they did n't say we are sorry for your issue or anything .
the rice was hard and dry as well .
the food seemed like leftovers from lunch .
i highly recommend this company .
shrimp enchiladas was not up to par .
but i wo n't take my chances .
this was a bad choice on my part .
unfortunately , the food was terrible .
the only difference is that the bathroom works here .
i highly recommend this shop to anyone needing any work done .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .
really was some of the worst chinese food i 've ever had .
chicago style steakhouse with an exceptional wait staff .
i look forward to seeing you again soon !
awesome , awesome , awesome !
the staff is very friendly .
got the order completely wrong .
one of the best places to spa in the valley .
i complained to the manager , he did nothing , not even an apology .
they lost me as a customer .
that was the last straw , i was out of there .
_num_ mins .
overpriced and not a genuine steakhouse .
i 'm a huge fan of nypd .
very impressed with this place as always !
still good though ( especially with a coupon ) .
an old dude did my pedicure .
there breakfast burritos are so good !
i brought my car back to look at it .
it is in an interesting neighborhood .
thanks !
wonderful atmosphere out in the patio while listening to some older cowboy music .
got ta love a business that likes to cater to the locals !
god bless you !
the staff is professional , courteous and honest .
great place to visit and get relief from the arizona heat .
such a waste of money since it was so pricey .
it was a most enjoyable experience .
bad choice .
i would not recommend this place to my worst enemy !
big time disaster .
yummy the french toast is a must .
unbelievable .
great location .
the staff is attentive and knowledgeable .
so colored it back in dark brown july _num_ .
i 'll definitely be back again !
i will definitely remain a committed customer for this reason !
the hummus is great .
good food .
even the eggrolls were horrible .
simply put , worthwhile .
the staff is always friendly .
they were both outstanding dishes with great flavor and seasoning .
i love this bar !
it was good - really good .
the pizza is first rate .
rude !
had a fun day !
$ _num_ bucks for a okay salad with a bit of chicken .
i will definitely go back often .
i highly recommend this family owned restaurant !
we caught this outback serving reheated coconut shrimp tonight !
moving in was painless and smooth .
i would not recommend this place to my worst enemy .
the 1st rule of the breakfast club is never eat at the breakfast club .
the river is a great spot to chill with and make new friends .
very quaint , excellent menu and exceptional staff .
the pizza was n't on a thin crust .
every now and then , i crave a wendy 's double stack .
thank you lisa !
this is a place that the locals visit .
charging for a second serving of chips or any salsa with entrees .
they came out and again what a disappointment !
avoid this place yelper 's , avoid it .
great location in south scottsdale with ample parking .
great deal on the back _num_ if you get there early in the morning .
oh , and she gives amazing head massages !
love g bar g and ... .
they worked with our budget and the service was perfect throughout the entire night .
spicy and very yummy .
nasty .
this place has a full bar and the best bar b questions ever .
our new family favorite restaurant !
i tried the habanero sliders which really delivered the heat and flavor .
this is the kind of place which gives chinese food a bad name .
loved the food- great salsa !
beef enchilada was also extremely salty , cheese enchilada was very good .
i love thai .
i 've posted a picture if you 're not convinced .
real close to old town and asu .
once you make a purchase there 's no guarantee the plant would survive .
never had problems there .
i wo n't be coming here again .
that is not how you treat your paying , repeat customers .
the food was very good .
would i visit again ?
we had to wait for a table maybe _num_ min .
tucked away in paradise valley , this boutique hotel is truly amazing .
cold food .
incredible little place .
that was one of the best burgers i 've had since moving to az .
happy hour is a great deal .
great service and great breakfast .
excellent customer service , how can you beat this place ?
it has nice wood flooring and an attached garage .
the donut 's were still great .
the food arrived within the quoted time , and was nice and hot .
our pizza crust was burnt and flavorless .
what a great atmosphere for a small gathering and they were awesome !
yo , ho , yo , ho a greasy life for me !
great restaurant .
the best thai food is of course in los angeles thai town .
well _num_ days later he died !
my pork chili verde was tough with gristle running through it .
i ended up later moving into a one bedroom by myself .
best mexican i 've had in az .
this place is a total rip off !
very impressed .
one of the best pizzas i 've ever tasted .
that is what started to piss me off .
overall , totally disappointed .
i highly recommend german car service .
an old soul in the old town rotation .
fiesta is my place !
after i picked it up , it was still covered in dust .
try to make it once a week ; love this place !
i love it , and get compliments all the time !
the food here is fantastic .
nothing special .
plus they give you an extra bagel if you order a dozen .
i ca n't believe any of this .
they 've lost my business .
i rented five rooms here for a bachelor party golf trip .
the style matches the high-end style of the dress and looks absolutely perfect .
of course , they do n't tell you this when you get your tickets .
his food was edible , but mine was bad .
this is our favorite mexican restaurant now .
amazing bean and cheese burrito , potato tacos and the salsa is just amazing .
to me this is by far the worst part about this place .
authentic recipes .
but there was n't much awesome about the experience .
we will return @ !
next time we are in town , we will be visiting again .
my husband and children took me to grazie 's last night for my birthday .
thank you !
the hawaiian shrimp fried rice is also really good .
not sure what happened but i would n't recommend going here anymore .
we were there with a large party and they were able to accommodate us .
usually places just serve plain ice cream but this ice cream was really good .
you got ta go here !
pam , molly , and jeremy are especially outstanding !
also , do n't think i will be going there for any other services .
decent selection of frames .
just a fun place to eat .
and try and talk to the door man .
thanks for your concern & help !
my favorite sandwich is the old town club .
this place is amazing !
i look forward to my appointments , i highly recommend her .
service and atmosphere was great .
one of the best restaurants we 've been to in a while .
i will not be returning to this restaurant ever again !
we finally stopped in for happy hour and were impressed .
quality of food was so-so and service was slow .
terrible company to refer to .
very frustrating especially when you are paying a pretty penny !
i love taxes !
so , here is my review and i give it thumbs up !
i 've been meaning to visit this restaurant for a long time .
enjoyed a wonderful meal , prepared just as ordered .
mahi mahi is dry .
the place was dead on a saturday .
the first two were great .
this place is quite good .
worst korean food i 've ever eaten without question .
it 's clean and the cashiers are friendly .
maybe i am not the only one who feels this way ?
probably the best bbq buffet i 've ever had .
highly recommend this laundromat !
food was very good , service excellent .
everything on the menu is good especially the lemon chicken .
tacos and carnitas were very good and the wife loved the relleno .
excellent place !
each course was complimented by a lovely wine choice .
this school is terrible .
i though this might be wrong and just checked myself .
charming staff as well .
they were too crunchy and hard .
definitely enough for two plus meals !
_num_ ) flexible scheduling .
friendly service , with consistent high quality , great tasting food !
now i 'll tell you about the bad experience .
i 've had them before from other places but jen was amazing .
recommend the food here its fantastic !
i enjoyed the noodle box .
they have a great selection .
( ha ! )
and the balsamic was really sour .
drivers are nice enough .
the greens and the grass around the greens were in fine shape .
this was one of the best pizza 's i 've ever had .
the grounds are not well kept , the residents just throw trash all over .
_num_ thumbs way down !
he was very rude and condescending .
i ca n't say enough good about the guy and the treatment he provides .
my $ _num_ valued groupon now felt like it was worth much less .
the sicilian was garbage .
the music was fun and there was a good mix of people .
food is fantastic .
the brownie was not warmed up and was hard .
this is our favorite place for sunday brunch !
but i would not come here again .
look at my wait , get the hell out .
delicious !
she 's the reason i will continue coming here !
i might be back , but i 'm in no hurry .
very pleased with the work done by preston at dodge electric .
: ) cheers !
thanks made in the shade for making it easy !
well done !
chilaquiles are also really good .
food was ok but i felt cheated and wo n't go again .
hands down the best thai food in scottsdale !
this is a gem of a gallery if you are into native american pottery .
first , i ordered a standard margarita .
staff was friendly and on top of things .
great food , great service , love the atmosphere with all the televisions .
the bagels are the best i have had in the state of arizona !
called several shops and dean offered me the best deal !
i will never give them my business again .
prices very good .
nice wine list with fair prices .
great weather for an enjoyable trip .
nice and crispy just the way we like them with just enough sauce .
fresh ingredients made for tasty pizza .
maybe something else is wrong . ''
the service is horrible , the food is average and the prices are outrageous .
it looked like a great place .
however , i ordered my spinach enchiladas as it is usually good .
these were over poured with alcohol and did n't taste good .
food was good , drinks worked , nice casual old town hangout .
highly advised to stay away from here no matter what !
asu , you suck .
great food and team !
it was just meh .
got cut off after _num_ drinks , which was terrible .
automatic _num_ % gratuity on parties of _num_ and more .
more of a casual european feel .
great hangover food .
it 's alway good at julio 's too !
the food was fantastic with an ok price .
the staff is just fantastic and the spa is first class .
i left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day .
poor service .
called to try to make a reservation , no answer .
loved our attentive servers .
steve is a jerk and needs serious training on how to treat customers .
love this place !
it was delicious .
diane was a pleasure to deal with .
do n't let the word scottsdale fool you this place is a complete ghetto .
food is n't nothing to rave about .
my better half had the special ... meatball stuffed pizza - it was delicious !
if i return , it wont be for a while .
the ladies are quick to greet you , seat you and take drink orders .
the staff is friendly .
food is great too .
drink totally worth it !
friendly staff .
we had reservations so there was no surprise big group showing up .
this is a cool spot indeed .
awesome chicken smoked bbq sandwich and cornbread is delicious .
not cool .
as an employee of a very professional restaurant , i was shocked .
remodeling is n't easy .
great atmosphere and a big hit for the kids .
we would recommend them to other animal lovers .
great tailor , my stuff always turns out right .
chris , the manager was superb !
this is my very favorite restaurant in phoenix .
this is nothing more that overpriced takeout .
bed was comfortable but pillows were horrible .
nice selection of drinks , people are very welcoming .
the ambience is excellent .
happy hour is the best time to visit and is the best value .
and , i needed to get to work .
i hope to see you again .
bring your appetite !
very nice atmosphere .
needless to say i got no reply , no apology , nada .
sometimes its edible , most times everything tastes like orange chicken .
great wifi reception .
fun atmosphere .
that 's just ridiculous .
best water and ice !
make the trip !
it is a beautiful restaurant tucked in the corner with a large menu .
amazing food !
my food was prepared fresh as always and was overall very good .
love all the waiters .
the service was good .
always impeccable service .
excellent food , atmosphere and staff .
the sushi is well priced for the volume .
this place has the best customer service of any place out here .
so i immediately walked right in .
a margarita out of a bottle should not cost seven bucks .
i will definitely go back .
overall , a disappointment .
when i was filling out the tip portion , she started rolling her eyes .
this place is great .
_num_ mins in and i 'm still waiting .
if you have never been , treat yourself to the best lunch or dinner .
everything we tried was great , as was the service .
it 's creamy and so tasty !
great food for any meal of the day .
chewy crust and delicious toppings .
great prices , and a very friendly staff .
the late cruise is a must see !
very nice people .
superb service from steve , despite allergy needs for menu changes .
it 's not because of the money it 's all about characters !
this place has zero customer service .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !
i love this place !
there were three employees and two just standing at the drink station .
biggest scam in town .
i liked the heat of the salsa .
great for happy hour , but the steak sandwich is delish !
avoid if possible .
terrible food , terrible service .
that 's ridiculous .
amazing .
very good food and ambient .
this place is the best !
really good wood fired pizza .
awesome festival !
the ribeye was incredible .
well done !
i go to chinese church , and they recommended gary .
i do n't deal well with bad service like that !
all in all , nasty place .
it was one of the worst experiences i have ever had with a store .
how sweet !
i really enjoy breakfast here .
worse customer service ever !
the food is incredible .
they are easy to get an appointment with and the doctors are very thorough .
clean , friendly , and relaxing .
great food , good wine , great service and the ambiance was amazing .
initially , i was impressed .
so delicious , the owner is hilarious and accommodating .
what an awesome experience !
highly recommend this shop .
loves it .
great service from john , dean , and hector !
our waitress was very friendly and checked up on us a couple of times .
it may be that you do not need a new battery .
i sat there for _num_ seconds , got up and left .
the food is superb - excellent preparation , creative combinations .
each person walked out of there happy !
oh and their red salsa is amazing and had the perfect spice !
bad lighting .
really good place to spend a friday night .
the donuts are moist , melt in your mouth deliciousness .
would highly recommend for date night or meeting friends for a drink !
with the foul taste in my mouth , we passed on the desert .
do n't let the attempt at chatting with me in this post fool you .
if i could give a half star i would .
i love this place and i 'm a customer for life !
worst service i ever had !
confirmed reservations were ignored or not honored .
great service without any pressure to buy .
family owned and operated , the food it amazing .
very disappointed !
worth a visit , they also do a good job on takeout orders .
wonderful little place !
never opened the case , never explained the rental terms .
the sandwiches are n't that good .
he was to make _num_ copies of each and i had paid $ _num_ .
private , clean , granite counters ... .
we were so happy to find this gem is chandler !
this is by far the best pizza in phoenix .
i really liked the ambiance of the place .
they were all white so maybe the whole store is racist ?
delicious , inexpensive , fluffy donuts !
and the service is great !
i felt rushed even though it was empty on a saturday night .
everyone was very nice on both visits and that goes for staff and customers .
i asked for _num_ slices of pizza to go , which is extra .
she mentioned we could get _num_ tacos .
absolutely love this location .
love love love this place !
this is my second time here and i 've enjoyed both visits a lot .
very clean and the employees are always very freindly !
highly recommend shannon and the salon !
she would have to pass by and threw a glance at us .
everyone on the staff is extremely friendly , knowledgeable and compassionate .
we had the cornbread appetizer which was wonderful .
very bad business !
great views , above average food , above average service , great valet parking .
the service was tight also which is always a big plus .
justin was a very attentive server .
its like dining in the middle of a garage sale .
no taste .
store has excellent customer service and the ice cream is a must have .
my favorite is jenny she is an incredible bartender person as well as dancer .
the food was delicious and the meet cook exactly the way we requested .
it got really busy here , i am sorry '' .
try the new mexican potstickers , they are the best !
planes coming in and it right outside the window !
my car looks great !
thank you !
a nice russian guy .
i love this resort !
and the sales person heather was professional and very courteous .
the quality of the food was very good .
my wife and i hit happy hour when ever we can .
favorite greek ever !
then i checked the yelp reviews and yelp said they open at _num_ .
cream puffs also were excellent .
the actual lot for the venue fills up over two hours before a show .
oh , and by the way the shop is very nice .
the service was excellent , but the food does take quite awhile to arrive .
i 'm one happy customer : ) .
everything was tasty , cooked to perfection , and amazing .
happy hour prices are great .
childhood nostalgia around every corner .
he gave no explanation so i tipped as usual .
the staff was great , very knowledgeable and friendly .
love this salon !
a large lobby and a great gift shop .
he was extremely thorough and gentle with our pet .
_num_ stars ... recommended !
excellent customer service .
if you do n't live in the area it 's still worth the drive .
this place was horrible !
i love this place .
please extend your open hours .
we could have dealt with the food going downhill and the prices going up .
i love this place !
great service !
i prefer the bar as there is more to look at .
well i 'm glad that i had a heads up about the location .
probably should have done that first .
then there was the wine , not so great .
sell your clothes , jewelry , etc here !
our server , ashley , was excellent .
i highly recommend this restaurant .
$ _num_ for an iced tea is absurd .
the plates look like a disaster when served ; sauce everywhere , very disorganized .
we love this place .
_num_ bucks a cone .
craft cocktails .
love the discounts you get when you purchase products !
could n't eat most of it .
phil is funny , sarcastic and just an all around enjoyable person .
so since i ca n't eat it , i will review it .
i was very pleased !
it was definitely not worth what we paid at all .
the plate is full with unnecessary crispy noodle .
one of old town 's best .
such a cute breakfast/lunch place !
she really `` gets '' my hair , and what i want .
although he offered me a gift certificate , i declined .
check out new asian kitchen they have much better food .
both dishes were so hot and spicy , we could n't eat !
yum , yum and yum !
the atmosphere is great for adults and kids .
it 's not quick .
very flavorful and right amount of spice .
its changed so much and not for the good .
love this place !
the food is what it is about and the food here delivers .
it could have been any family restaurant in a strip mall .
we will definitely be back .
i love coming here with friends to enjoy wine and appetizers .
the owners are very kind and create an open friendly environment .
plus , caprese !
owner is friendly and price is good .
lots of bland , greasy cheese and no fresh herbs or fresh flavors .
highly highly recommend raintree vet resort & clinic !
we 've eaten in each time and the staff is very pleasant .
boy was i wrong .
really , kazimierz has it all .
never have enough registers open so i started going to frys instead .
will definitely be going back .
... ... ... ... ... ... .
it was the worst night i have stayed at any hotel .
we will be back and i will order off the menu .
very reasonably priced !
the food has always been pretty good .
do n't ever come here , because i will never be back .
clean , professional , fast , well worth the convenience fees .
it was all right , nothing to write home about .
the crispy roll was n't crispy , more ... the opposite of crispy .
super nice staff !
no worries , not a big deal .
stopped by here last friday night and still love it !
the chips and salsa with guacamole on the side was the perfect appetizer .
a vet student should know this or in fact anyone who could use google .
thank you to those who do though .
always good !
_num_ , _num_ other locations still open according to the sign .
the drinks were good and sushi as good if not better .
the tortillas they brag about were cold and tasteless .
the sushi was luke warm and old tasting like it 's been sitting out .
cool sports memorabilia and great prime rib .
left with a car that was not what i wanted .
he was beyond friendly and so sweet .
this was the winner .
great restaurant and amazing pizza !
fast , friendly and excellent service !
i recommend to my friends all the time !
this is definitly a bar that one should take a date .
was very , very happy with the pizza .
the food is incredible .
a hint that they use cheap cheese .
they declined , and were told again they really should have the battery replaced .
customer service is great .
my family and i had dinner here last night and really enjoyed the food .
worth the drive .
the famous french dip is absolutely amazing .
the hubs and i accidentally found this place while heading to an antique store .
great , friendly staff .
thanks !
everything is perfect .
the food was really good too and came is pretty large portions .
insurance last billed on may _num_ , _num_ . ''
actually i do n't really like it .
will not be returning .
overall , a good beer experience .
i ca n't believe this place is in business .
oh , and also slices of plain white bread .
would definitely highly recommend !
the bartender made a really good wine bottle recommendation that was spot on .
they 've been around forever and are great folks !
the owner is so friendly and remembers us every time .
bring a book and sit on the patio it 's gorgeous there .
love this place .
very friendly people .
i would n't recommend this business to anyone .
the meatball sandwich is great and so are all the pastas .
the tastes of all were just intense and pleasing .
this place is so ugly and disgusting !
he packed it very nicely for our road trip back home .
fifty dollars later and i left hungry and grossed out !
we will be keeping the same menu and using all the same fresh ingredients .
great facility and friendly staff .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
the quality and prices of the roses are great .
best chinese takeout in the area .
i ordered a chicken alfredo specialty pizza .
the woman who checked me in wasnt very understanding .
the people that work there are rude and do not put the customer first .
seriously , do n't waste your money .
do n't start by saying you have $ _num_ wine .
great atmosphere .
i liked the fun music from the _num_ 's .
place is really nice , clean and welcoming .
i am very pleased with my order .
i was so confused .
will definitely be back !
everything i 've tried is fantastic .
waited _num_ minutes for food to be served , on a quiet afternoon .
this place is great in so many ways .
service is top notch .
i 'm very picky about people who care for those that i love .
do not bother me anymore !
horrible !
it was all fantastic !
always clean and good food .
my warranty company got this company to come over and fix my pool plumbing .
i 've talked the manager before & they act like they do n't care .
overpriced , piss warm brews and sound work could have been better .
very sketchy and somewhat dangerous .
we ordered the chopped salad , the chicken and waffles and the scallops .
love this place .
the guests all raved about dave , the food and the service .
thanks guys !
i could imagine olive garden would be just as good .
however , my bed is awful .
great music , fun crowd , excellent nachos .
very affordable and fun for any day of the week !
i have curly hair and once the bangs dry they stick straight out .
the band played a lot of _num_ 's music .
the service was very good .
how this place remains open is beyond me .
the atmosphere was very uncomfortable too .
the views from the cafe are gorgeous !
if not , look elsewhere .
i did n't like this place much .
they kinda apologized , but not really .
i love this place !
this place is a hidden gem in scottsdale !
every time we visit arizona we always go to tom 's .
it was a really bad meal .
i love this dealership !
i expected so much better from this ny staple .
this place definitely lived up to the ratings and opinions .
i was not impressed with the single overpriced pancake .
it 's ridiculous !
overall - the food was delicious and service was friendly .
there are a ton of different asian inspired options .
the server was overly attentive to the point of annoying .
amazing atmosphere and even better food !
highly recommended .
i ordered the philly cheese steak sandwich , which hardly had any cheese whatsoever .
huge selection of papers and so helpful .
amazing service !
will not go back .
michelle refused to refund any portion of the $ _num_ paid to the venue .
i would n't refer my worst enemy to him .
we look forward to our next visit !
been here a dozen times at least and always pleased with food and service .
wine list is extensive but outrageously overpriced .
the guys at this pool store have been great .
this is what was recommended and it stayed nice and looked great .
the pancakes were disgusting and bland .
and that is just the part , add another _num_ for `` labor '' .
this is n't a super walmart .
i would also never recommend you renting from them .
they are not american chinese food and really delicious .
everything is fresh made and you can tell in the quality .
if your willing to wait though this is a great spot .
the guy ordering take out was soooooo nice !
the food is always great and the service is spot on .
could be so much better !
friendly folks .
one woman was trying to get on stage .
for the bad , the food and drinks are extremely expensive .
this place is great !
i 'm finally writing a review , this is the last straw .
just not a good atmosphere , mainly due to the seating and overpriced drinks .
very fast , friendly and do an excellent job !
really listened to what i wanted and did an excellent job .
nice atmosphere , wide variety of food to choose from .
food is fast and fabulous .
there 's nothing quite like $ _num_ cheesecake or $ _num_ nachos .
there 's nothing that special about cue club , quite frankly .
fantastic happy hour specials , daily & weekly deals posted on their website .
always friendly every time we arrive .
this place sucks .
the salad and sandwiches we ordered were just average .
the pizza was great , too ( we had the t rex ) .
chips and salsa were delicious and margaritas too !
a great place for upscale comfort food !
nothing was even decent !
this place was pretty good !
great place !
omg , this place is great .
was great !
go and enjoy - beware game nights are packed !
my friend ordered the tuna melt and she loved it .
not worth the cost .
terrific associates , clean store that is always in tip top shape .
nice doctor but horrible experience !
our waitress was beyond friendly and the food was very good !
i will not be giving this place anymore business .
highly recommended !
the edamame was greasy and did n't seem fresh at all .
the smell was almost overwhelming the whole time we were there .
i always order the general tso chicken and its always soo good .
my overall experience at suzanne 's was blah .
the onion gets _num_ stars .
we stopped for lunch and were pleasantly surprised .
i also like the dark upscale atmosphere - very much like a houston 's .
this has become my new favorite deli !
worth a look , if you 're looking for a good pie .
when i get home i 'm going online to file a formal complaint .
they make me proud of who i am .
love this place !
the food was great , but service ruined the night .
the customer service was an absolute nightmare at this hotel .
plus the room was very clean .
we did n't try the pie , which i hear is very good .
thank you !
good service and very legit food .
did i waste my money ?
upon check in , my husband enjoyed a quick dinner and beer .
the wings are always cooked to perfection .
love her !
and a good juke box and pool table .
excellent burgers and brew !
only been here once and not going back .
the bread with jelly was delicious as well as the pork beans .
drinks were no big deal and overpriced for happy hour .
the pho came out a little hotter than room temperature .
the food here is great , rice and beans were rice and beans .
they deliver , too !
i moved here _num_ years ago and was afraid of finding a new dentist .
reliable delivery and convenient .
then we wait another _num_ for drinks , and finally the pizza showed up .
salsas are delicious too .
thank you to the staff for everything you do !
shame on them for taking advantage of us only _num_ weeks before closing !
i will definitely be going back to try more !
very nice touch .
their salads are amazing and the garlic knots .
my car came back looking amazing .
would recommend this kona grill at the fashion square mall to everyone .
the atmosphere is nice .
no return calls no contact from them at all .
dr. cohen even had dr. lee come in to talk to me .
we ordered the philadelphia , dragon , rainbow , vegas and crazy monkey rolls !
i 'm not willing to take the chance .
best thai we 've ever had !
she is fabulous !
great unique style .
i really have nothing good to say , even the drinks were overpriced .
charlie and his team are great !
this is awesome .
it 's generic americanized asian food .
the price was more than half less and our experience was so much better .
food is always very good .
the wine list was extensive and the drink selection was great , too .
great guys doing great work with great customer service !
apparently not ... because the manager was mia , too .
sugar bowl could do it .
staff very nice .
i will definitely patron this establishment again in the future .
the splash pad , slide and kid activities are well thought out and great .
someone in there with a couple of dogs .
thank you !
it 's like the restaurant does n't know what it wants to be .
we highly recommend the print company .
it was also very good .
light and refreshing and we 're going to taste the belgian pie soon .
this is the all time worst place to eat sushi .
will absolutely come back here the next time i 'm in az .
she was told not at all ... .
we finally got the check and he did n't even take the chicken off .
their food is just more flavorful and more carefully prepared than anywhere else .
cheap store , quality of work _num_ .
the service was prompt , knowledgeable , efficient , and friendly .
it is a great place to spend a lazy weekday afternoon .
the chicken was perfect , tender and juicy .
she also found out that the issue was his name was entered wrong .
always a great day when i get to go to this store !
fun atmosphere .
keep up the good work !
i 'll give them a _num_ star because what we chose was quite tasty .
and their slow songs were boring me .
prime rib burger was super delicious !
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .
the babies and toddlers there are almost always relaxed and happy .
horrible horrible .
excellent .
this by far is the best sports bar in phoenix .
the prices are also reasonable for the amount of food you get .
this place was super delicious though !
wo n't be coming back .
horrible !
it looks stunning !
tasty !
we all left thinking that we should have gone somewhere else .
if you are going to sell the smallest gyro , it better be amazing .
we love this place .
we probably get pizza from here once or twice a month .
everyone seemed to love what they ordered which made the night great .
definitely makes your place feel like home again .
personally , i 've lost all faith in yelp .
it was like a bad episode of bar rescue .
i would definitely recommend it .
guess i 'll just stick to casey moore 's .
tasted like the kind you could buy from costco .
no excuse .
it takes a lot of skill to mess up something like a grilled salmon .
they 're good to us .
tony was so nice and professional .
thank you kelsey for exceeding my expectations for sephora - in any location .
we will continue to be fans of grazie .
worth every penny !
i wanted a regular mani/pedi and the girl did a great job .
thanks joey !
love the crab angels too !
he is realistic and cares about his patients .
great service .
the entire experience was perfect .
it was obvious that he was trying to rip me off .
we sat down with my boyfriends parents , who arrived before us .
good service .
we enjoyed the new lunch combos .
outstanding food .
this is my favorite olive garden that i 've visited thus far !
great drinks , great bands and great service !
seared tuna also looked tasty .
gave credit card # and got a confirmation # .
parking - _num_ hour free street parking .
doc and his staff are so helpful and friendly !
combination kabobs are excellent .
the pool is beautiful , and bikes on the property to rent .
chandler and gilbert have several places for breakfast that rock all over this place .
we will be going elsewhere for pizza from now on .
i never received any response which i think is pretty crap business .
i will be back !
the staff there is so nice and cares about the animals .
we literally spent _num_ hours here just trying to have lunch .
the selection was poor in my opinion .
there was probably _num_ guys for every _num_ girl there last time i went .
her demeanor was awful and the whole transaction had me sick .
other than that , service was good and waiters are friendly .
i love my nails and you were so great to fit me in so .
service was outstanding to boot .
plus it was expensive as shit !
love the dentist !
this place is pretty interesting .
i got my car washed here on sunday at around 2pm .
all the food was fantastic .
every thing is fresh and great every time .
one of my favorite spots in the phoenix area .
she did not like it .
no stars here !
the best !
enjoyed the black bean wrap this morning .
-- no host stand was a bit awkward for me and guests .
had previously had some repairs done and the problem was still not fixed .
no note .
love everything i have tried .
the deserts and appetizers are awesome .
thank you for all that you do for me and my little guy .
loves it !
goodbye kfc , hello church 's .
wonderful experience .
get better , you 've lost a loyal customer .
its very cute and romantic .
the green chile tamale was sweet and tasty .
love this place .
the staff is friendly and courteous .
both the chicken and beef were great .
however , it seemed impossible for him to show me my rental space .
food was mediocre .
a refreshing experience while having a rough day .
visit scottsdale every year , and have made this our home away from home .
no napkins or silverware was provided .
food was amazing - a little pricey but , well worth it .
the waitress was ok but not overly attentive .
he 's got a huge heart and always makes me laugh hard .
ate here again the other night - always delicious food and decent service .
excellent service from jay .
great menu and our waiter was very friendly and helpful !
fourth , service was slow .
this is one of the best bars in town !
they are always upfront and honest .
the whole wheat pancakes and the challah french toast were incredible .
the staff are very friendly and the food is excellent .
the staff here is awesome .
we dined in the original `` house '' which was fun and historic .
they treat their employees and their customers well .
its difficult to get through and they rarely answer their phone .
cool place !
i feel extremely comfortable here .
our wedding day was absolutely amazing !
it hit the spot and was cooked perfectly .
i could not make this up .
then moved onto papaya salad and chicken panang .
f bombs included .
one of my favorite spots in pv .
everyone in here has a story to tell and i find it quite entertaining .
their thin crust is amazing though .
he was rude and it nearly ruined my dining experience .
great beer selection both of their own brews and guest selection .
no one even looked at us .
its _num_ outside and no ac ?
good to great bar food in my opinion .
awesome specials every day , i have loved every soup i have tried here .
no paper towels in the bathroom .
an amazing restaurant , great atmosphere , great service , and great food .
do n't waste your time at this place .
he said to us , `` i do n't have time for this .
the phone even rang and she didnt even bother to pick it up !
second , the food is amazing .
great place , great food , great service .
probably because i ate half my plate and left early .
and love that they take good care of my baby .
nice patio .
besides the food tasting delicious , the service was really good .
but that 's not why i 'm giving them one star .
i do n't get it .
it was a good atmosphere and we 'll be back !
i was there a few weeks ago and gina delivered such great customer service !
but the real gem here is the wine cellar .
these guys are great !
excellent service and very reasonable !
the liquor store has a great selection and the staff is very knowledgable .
the apple fritter is worth it .
the food quality , portions and the service was excellent .
then she turns me _num_ degrees so i ca n't see the mirror .
i love that they have a `` different '' menu .
good food , fair prices .
i enjoyed the french fries home made .
me : `` it does n't taste anything like it usually does . ''
as good as it gets !
this place is great .
i would not order from here in the future .
pretty good sushi , great service .
definitely a great find !
this really is as good as it gets .
no i know you ca n't and wo n't .
this place tops walmart any day ... .
the bean burro enchilada style is amazing and the green burro 's on point .
we booked for a party of _num_ but reduced down to _num_ .
each day that i enter scottsdale i die a little inside .
chips and salsa was great .
will definitely recommend this place and come back when i come back to phoenix .
thanks !
not kid friendly .
this place is a gem .
sunday was my last time ever trying to eat here .
mmm mmm good !
caring compassionate professional staff .
but the delivery is late every single time .
carlsbad , i love you .
review is for food only , not service , which was fine .
this place is tiny !
everything was really good , i liked the lamb shank the best .
liked this place a lot and would definitely go back .
i 've been coming here for about _num_ yrs now .
did not realize until later it was at _num_ % .
this is hands down the best dental experience i have ever had !
but , sugar bowl is worth it !
thanks again nick !
this is truly one of the most authentic indian food you will find .
unfortunately china china restaurant is no longer there .
late night fun times had by all .
dr. hall is as nice as it gets .
what kind of restaraunt would do that to a steak ?
definitely will be going back and seeing if the good experience is consistant .
delivery takes forever , customer service is god awful .
the ribs were extremely tough and did not fall off the bone .
i could n't believe my ears .
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .
never again ... .
we had a great time and enjoyed all the festival has to offer .
it was horrible .
pizza is always top notch .
the employee appeared to stop the swing before it hit the guy .
wow what a treat .
best experience ever .
the best nail salon i 've been to in a while !
fun place to go and hang out as well as shop .
topped off with a drink in the jade bar for the perfect evening .
but i also am not a jerk .
great sandwiches and authentic italian food .
just wow .
upset with the roach more than the horrible service and food .
comics were funny .
good food , and good service .
this location is by far the worst i 've ever been to .
the food is incredible as is the atmosphere !
love this place .
go giants !
great experience .
very good sushi and they also have hibachi grills .
no privacy here either .
their customer service was good .
strawberry rum cake is by far my favorite !
service was great .
pull up in my _num_ bmw .
absolutely the best thai i 've ever had in arizona .
i look forward to coming back here soon , the menu looked great !
unless you want to wait an hour for your food , do n't go .
so glad i have finally found this gem !
great place for ufc and they even have poker _num_ days a week .
great service !
absolutely incredible food !
and a favorite spring training stop .
not too many people is nice and the band is fabulous !
great fruit and veggie market with a local feel that is worth a stop .
the food at this location is delicious .
i was very wrong .
everything was delicious and we 'll definitely be back again !
everything about this place is disgusting !
he ordered half meatballs and mushrooms , i ordered half cajun chicken and pineapple .
next time we 're in town we definitely will be back .
happy hour at the sushi bar is the best kept secret !
it is a maze .
the vibe was great - very neighborhood .
george 's seafood pocket is the best appetizer !
love it !
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
soooo good !
not a chance , not even for free cake .
and it is for sure an `` american '' chinese hang out .
awesome !
best decision ever !
i have enjoyed the drinks , the service and the food .
never disappoints !
it was a simple request and the customer service was completely horrible .
i have had better chicken sandwiches elsewhere .
the ambiance was great !
we were meeting old friends that we meet on a cruise .
the inside of the restaurant was dark , quiet , and unappealing .
great food .
the fountain was badly stained , the bench in front of it as well .
best auto repair shop experience i have ever had .
i went back and the watch was gone .
it was absolutely delicious .
certainly one of my favorite places to dine in scottsdale .
the best customer service experience i have ever had .
loved it .
great prices and great services .
chicken fried rice , cream cheese puffs , and a sprite .
other than that , it was n't even tasty .
pretty large portions , really good barbeque sauce , and good chicken .
the last insult of the night had to be the worst .
this location is nice .
this place is way cool !
car wash takes money but out of service .
had a wonderful experience with my consultant victoria .
comfortable beds .
local produce , organic offerings and reasonably priced vitamins and supplements .
fantastic .
fist clue should have been that the fish was in a perfect square !
i 've always been able to find what i need here !
best manicure i 've ever had !
the prime rib was excellent .
we walked in and were hit with the dated decor and peeling wallpaper .
very underrated ... .
amazing , a full service gas station in the center of scottsdale .
shame on you !
great for large groups .
i have so many choices of mexican restaurants in chandler .
i had a very positive experience .
are you kidding me ?
such a big help .
anyway , our food came out also fairly quickly .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
love this restaurant !
i walked around yesterday at at and was extremely disappointed .
when i mean never i mean never .
super fast .
for az this is one of the best italian restaurants .
disappointing .
super nice guys !
i asked for it , but they still came out in this weird sauce .
fun place on a wednesday , yet laid back and relaxed .
went back , seems to suck even more than before .
we wound up staying at the hampton inn in scottsdale instead .
it is delicious food for an amazing value .
i am more than just a little bit pissed about it .
i would definitely recommend this business !
i am concerned about something , needed help and was treated this way .
he was very attentive and made sure we had everything we needed .
food is good but service is lacking .
later still nobody cleaned it up .
excellent little gem of a neighborhood restaurant !
weird , we though .
stadium is awesome , clean and exciting !
he is a very compassionate doctor and a pleasure to work with .
i always go for two .
great customer service and wide variety of cigars .
one of my favorite restaurants in the valley .
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .
will become a regular spot of ours for sure .
you can purchase any bottle there and enjoy it in the cellar .
my son loves this school and is enjoying learning .
and very nice staff .
i rarely write a review , but i feel in this case i must .
the house hot tea is delicious as well .
steak was fantastic as usual .
which isnt to say its the servers fault .
after an hour my husband called to make sure our order was n't forgotten .
great service .
this is the best pei wei establishment by far !
the service was great .
no salt or pepper , nothing .
this place is amazing !
highly recommend .
yes it is not the fanciest property but the staff is prompt and pleasant .
they came back and replaced parts , but it was still not right .
nice employees , fast service .
they served us huevos rancheros with burnt fries dried up cheese .
unfortunately , management needs an attitude adjustment .
( okay not confident in your product knowledge ) .
very rude front desk clerk .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .
good service !
i highly recommend both of these .
for sure gon na recommend them to all my friends .
i really like this place , for numerous reasons .
and told me to stop complaining or he would throw me out .
perfect place to go on a hot summer day .
great happy hour .
that 's customer service !
the bartenders are great , and the drinks are good .
too bad it was a bad experience .
such a disappointment .
place the order at _num_ , got it at _num_ .
this place is classic scottsdale .
you wo n't be disappointed !
we 've ordered their side salad and two people can definitely share .
the selection at this particular nordstrom is very wide .
worst service ever !
this is not to say there are not positives .
i need a filling , i get a filling .
disappointed to say the least .
_num_ minutes to get a drink and then _num_ min .
i felt extremely unwelcome and just wanted to leave the entire time .
they both loved it !
the selection of beer is fantastic !
i ca n't really add much except confirm that it really is amazing .
we did n't like any of these dishes we tried .
not the best service i 've ever had .
love this place .
its empty for a reason and the employees seem careless .
if you live old school charm and cooking then i highly recommend .
i 'm happy to wait a bit for delicious food .
see his review for the coffee cove !
we both chose sundaes and were very pleased .
great place , first visit .
good carne adovada which is one of my favorites .
love it !
a fun , upscale clientele in beautiful surroundings .
got ta have it .
did not get bread until main course and several requests .
whole families came dressed in period costumes .
phil 's cool too .
the best of the best .
excellent and one of a kind .
anyway , i 'm just not sure i want to return .
im one , ill admit .
i recommend this place to anyone .
overall , kinda pricey , but i love this place !
the food is good and the prices are good .
our waitress was super nice and i appreciated her good service .
hands down the best green chili pork i 've ever had .
i love home depot .
on top of this , the wine selections were awful .
the lobster on the other hand could only be described as disgusting .
horrible .
the customer service is wonderful with real people .
horrible , horrible experience .
she took care of us !
border bowl with a fresh tortilla .
love it !
this place is a hidden gem .
and when the patio isnt packed its a good spot to hang at .
i will only come here for a band i just can not miss .
everything was perfect , from the ambiance to the wine .
it took another _num_ minutes to get our correct order .
service was friendly , timely , and personal .
he told me to come right over they had plenty of rooms available .
the coffee and food is exactly what you would expect from starbucks , though .
very happy with the service .
ron is still the greatest .
they make their own brownies which is delicious .
on its best day this place is mediocre .
great atmosphere and crowd .
at that point , i just wanted to go and never return .
they no longer bake their own bread .
i did n't know i was going to get them _num_ hours before .
everyone loved the food !
side note : they have a generous gluten-free selection .
i had to go to the dr. never going again.
food is good , its more about the ambiance of this place .
take your money elsewhere .
your in for a treat here !
er staff was just awful !
first timer and i had a blast !
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
lots of dry cheese on top , my daughter would n't eat it .
we love this place !
she was sweet as can be and professional too .
some of the best customer service i 've ever experienced .
the staff , save one lone individual , are atrocious .
old school country music with great drink prices !
parking is just dumb .
i highly recommend them over going to the gas station or any local dealership .
who i talked to did not even mention that the kitchen was under construction .
love it !
i it 's easy , and fun , and super low maintenance .
not good for a bachelor party of guys in their _num_ 's .
very rich , maybe order the half portion and try something else .
do n't waste your time .
otherwise , it was pretty bland stuff .
this is not a lie , just use it as a warning .
first time here and food was very , very good ... .
live the service and quality of products .
we stayed a week and did n't get one nights rest .
when i entered this place i was confused if they were open or not .
lunch here often , good food , friendly staff , no complaints !
we have these at church all the time and they are the best .
we were very happy with raintree .
many animals to look at up close and personal .
such a nice great cozy atmosphere .
i have been here several times and the food is always awesome .
i would not recommend it .
yet ... upon occasion , i still eat there .
creamed spinach is a must , and for dessert ruth 's famous bread pudding .
i am also impressed with their nail polish selection !
charles came to my rescue .
did you know that malee 's on main offers cooking classes !
truly impressed by this restaurant .
food is great and you can beat complimentary chips and fire roasted salsa !
quality control needs work at this place , we wont be going back .
first time here for the shot gun range .
this is a good restaurant .
both times the food was delicious .
baseline price when you purchase a ticket is around $ _num_ .
lobster enchiladas and anything beef is delicious too .
and it 's az !
they are great about shipping out of state which i take full advantage of .
scottsdale plaza resort is always beautifully maintained and immaculate .
fresh tortillas are made in front of your eyes and delivered to your mouth .
the perfect location for lunch or brunch in my opinion .
this is great !
our kids love the butter noodles .
bad , bad and more bad .
we had the _num_ course tasting and it was the perfect amount of food .
i would definitely recommend them .
the weather is amazing and the patio is divine .
avoid this location !
always hot yummy food .
delicious , savory food .
every kind of korean food .
love this place !
a pleasure to shop at this location .
only writing my review now since i 'm was n't familiar with yelp .
she worked extremely hard to get us the best deal possible .
and then ten years later ... still lousy .
they are very courteous and helpful .
but also the experience that made the whole process a time we 'll remember .
customer service is horrible .
it was awful .
my meal was great .
we were in the second row and the audio was terrible .
the staff is super unfriendly unless they know you .
still one of the best bars in old town .
the front desk staff was top notch as well !
poor customer service and car experience .
be patient when it 's bird season ... it gets crazy !
good fun for tourists and locals alike .
he did n't move .
this is the best little pizza joint in tempe .
i recommend trying the chicken wings , they are huge and delicious .
excellent service and helped me pick out several pieces for the house .
extremely rude employees and average food .
my pasta was excellent , creamy and really good .
love this place !
extremely unnecessary !
he anticipated and understood our needs and well exceeded my expectations !
i would highly recommend them !
mexican girl refused to serve us as she stated she did n't have too .
i really appreciated that .
they have the best grilled cheese in the world .
forget them twice , shame on me .
it is clean and fun .
the place is a complete scam .
next our orange chicken came out about ten minutes later and it was disgusting .
best view !
hope to start again someday !
horrible place to karaoke and food.
have been here twice now and the service was excellent and food delicious !
thank you ladies for being awesome !
since it was _num_ degrees , we sat inside .
the espresso is nicely priced at $ _num_ for a single shot .
there was a great event i attended recently but sound system was awful .
terrible customer service .
my hot fudge and caramel sundae was delicious .
the new management team is horrible !
happy to have found an auto shop i can trust !
it was as good as we remember it !
they told me that there system could not do that .
everything from there on went bad .
no lettuce , pico , nothing but chicken .
this is too close to my house so i 'll be back .
a+ ... ... .
the staff was beyond wonderful and incredibly knowledgeable about the courses and wine selections .
this is my favorite store !
the price was also very reasonable .
that 's the main reason i did n't give them _num_ star .
mac and cheese , same deal .
just waited _num_ min .
the salads are delicious as well !
i wanted to add , sammy the bartender is great too !
was brought here with some good friends from work .
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .
i would highly recommend them and definitely use them again .
really good pizza .
my mistake on ordering sunny side up i guess .
i can not say thanks for the experience , truly disappointed .
the chopped liver appetizer is great -- plus all the other appetizers .
gorgeous location looking out over the city -- what 's not to love ?
wish i could give no stars .
fantastic customer service .
i said no multiple times and she kept making me feel uncomfortable .
tried this place as friends who are local chandeliers recommended it .
my husband and i ordered the other night and were pleasantly surprised !
loved every minute !
awesome place .
the double baked potato was dry and bland .
drinks are expensive , but i expected that .
the salsas are wonderful .
love time old town vibe .
and the service was very attentive .
, the pieces would n't have come out soggy .
this location sucks .
the carnitas , however , was dry and fatty .
sure enough , sign is down and space is completely empty .
ordered _num_ sushi dishes and a round of drinks .
the food is amazing .
the woman takes my number , and says she 'll have somebody call me .
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !
best french toast i 've ever had hands down .
the place is quite and the waitstaff is laid back , but friendly .
this is a nice place .
am i stuck in some weird dream ?
horrible customer service !
one of my favorite bars .
food was good , nothing special but satisfying .
this family has been in the neighborhood since the early _num_ 's .
good price .
taste of food - it was really bad .
the complex is beautiful and so is our apartment !
i have no idea of why i was stupid enough to just walk out .
like it had been sitting out a long time .
top notch sushi at an amazing price .
great service and the ambiance on the patio was just the best !
sadly , i was n't impressed at all .
beautiful facility , and the friendliest staff you will ever meet !
i ordered the habanero burger and it really lit me up .
this is certainly my type of place .
problems dragged on for _num_ months before the bike is finally working again .
false advertisement .
she was zero help .
you can people watch and enjoy the beauty of old town scottsdale .
we would recommend it and will definitely go back .
thanks again !
i 've given up at this point but talk about overall bad experience .
great happy hour !
i love this bar .
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .
the second time i had an issue was _num_ weeks ago .
very experienced , professional and competent .
great hole in the wall next to firehouse subs !
the car did not look any different than a regular car wash .
nice and clean pawn shop with friendly staff .
unfortunately , there seems to be a turn in their business .
the store was nice and cool ( important when it 's _num_ outside ) .
they have plenty of good beers to choose from and the food is alright .
great service .
we love this pizza !
they now charge for debit card fee !
the workers are so rude .
i 'd definitely go back !
they , too , offered no apology .
thank you , thank you , thank you .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
so you ca n't get a pizza until 5:30 .
did anything crawl into my clothes i laid out to wear that day ?
great place to go anytime of day .
she did not like the french dip at all .
i love this place .
getting a refill was not easy .
why didnt you tell my wife this _num_ mins before ?
the portions are great for the price and the ingredients are good quality .
give me _num_ % off the meal and i 'll be happy .
i 've always loved this place and the chips and salsa are awesome !
it was a pleasure doing business with you .
thanks , barro 's !
$ _num_ dollars for a standard oil change ?
they give back to the community !
i had the ribeye and it was excellent !
the office is clean and staff is knowledgeable .
i come back , the bike 's in the same state .
only domestic beer but still pretty good .
a few hours after leaving here i was rushed to the er .
my friend was almost done by the time someone started doing anything for me .
they are the best !
this place is wonderful .
i was particularly impressed by the produce department .
smart choice is the perfect name for this place !
they had no clue about their merchandise .
i have finally found my official esthetician .
the screen was much bigger than the factory screen and was higher quality .
highly recommend coming here for fights and sports !
the gal said no to this request .
everyone i spoke to was engaging , open , and truly connected .
is it not better to check then to lie ?
we had a great time and will be back again !
highly recommended !
the whole student services department was wiped out .
highly recommended !
not as great as we had hoped , heard and read .
what an amazing experience !
both are supreme dishes and prepared to perfection .
would recommend to everyone !
this is very solid thai food - delicious , creative and memorable .
our salad was missing a couple ingredients , the cucumbers and peppers .
awesome !
chips are also good .
been coming here for years ... need that clean loving country grandma feel back .
their service was impeccable !
salads were fresh , appetizers very tasty .
dan , chris and sean !
fresh baked bread to start !
tried a chile verde breakfast burrito with potatoes and scrambled eggs and refried beans .
it was divine .
the staff is always great too .
they did n't have a place to properly change her .
very friendly people .
everything was very tasty and portioned well enough to share !
its a flat tire !
gross .
i walked in around _num_ or so and the workers jumped up .
i love this place !
friendly staff and satisfied customers .
will come back !
the restaurant is only open for breakfasts .
however , i would run from buying anything there .
worst place ever .
decent jack in the box .
too bad his front office person ruined it .
it was very obvious why it was dead at 6pm in downtown scottsdale .
you know its good when your the only white person in there .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !
frequent often and have enjoyed the munchies .
this is pretty clear cut .
fast service and very fresh .
they had the best price .
i 'm sure glad i found baker wee !
the atmosphere is great , especially on a warm night .
food was typical bar food only worse .
it was obvious it was the same damn one he brought the first time .
some will love it , some wo n't .
great restaurant , great service .
there 's something about drift that i really like .
the atmosphere was fun , too .
i literally love noble nails .
terrible selection , but the price point was fine .
the food has been mostly great .
it 's a disgrace .
this is one of the best breakfast joints in phoenix .
he 's a great doctor and all our experiences with him have been positive .
will definitely go back again .
love this place !
disgusting .
very impressive !
therefore , we paid this place a visit .
two nights and two spa packages made for an incredible two day break .
rick is very professional , honest , knowledgeable and quick .
good dive bar .
nice place , friendly staff .
the front desk crew is not very welcoming or very nice .
and the air conditioning stopped working at night making it extremely hot .
sara is the best !
it 's absolutely fantastic !
so much so that i could too easily hear their conversations .
my daughter had two teeth pulled and she was very well taken care of .
went here because of its high rating , but was disappointed .
the food is great and consistently good every single time .
pizza is always good and the service is outstanding .
super .
it was good once i removed the thick onion slice and the pepper .
oh yeah , good size parking lot to accomodate all of those customers .
our entire experience was phenomenal !
you will happy you did .
sadly ... it wo n't be mine .
salsa was good .
very nice marriott property .
he really liked his meal !
the green curry is my favorite .
very disappointing .
all four of our group had different dinners and all were happy .
_num_ stars for the tortillas .
i 'll never go back and deal with this shady place .
i highly recommend dr .
she laughed on the phone hearing a white boy order something so spicy .
extremely disappointed by the round we played at this course .
the shrimp had no flavor along with the chicken and meat .
the bed was quite comfy as were the pillows , so that was great .
fabulous service !
there was no compensation for the late service or missing orders .
_num_ or _num_ people are at the bar .
these guys are terrible i dont recommend them .
loved it !
the pineapple wontons with pineapple sauce - great !
definitely not going back , i suggest you do n't go either .
the pizza has always been pretty good at rays .
we have been in several locations and they have been great .
beautiful property with gorgeous views .
not being rude here it just was reminiscent of the frozen garlic bread .
clean place .
a solid _num_ stars !
fun place for a lively group dinner .
very impressed with the large selection of fabric .
kids are welcome to join in the fun .
i spoke with seemed knowledgable , but they are extremely expensive .
the wonton soup is great and the ingredients in it are fresh .
it came with rice , crab puff and an egg roll .
service has always been prompt and friendly .
they also have delicious local breads and candies .
i was so scared and they made me feel very at ease .
immediately , i knew that don did n't want to extend our conversation .
i selected the pacific bay clam chowder and took it home .
the guys were friendly , and got me booked in quickly .
plus they have some of the best specials and they last almost all night !
the inventory here sucks .
brooke helped us out and she was amazing .
i will not be back , and i will not recommend .
no ... no ... just no .
great brands and nice staff .
this place is terrible !
great crust , pick your own toppings , great service , great atmosphere .
onions , green chilies , and two cheeses .
love santisi 's , the best wings and garlic cheese bread in the valley .
if you 're in the area i recommend you make a stop in !
great pizza too !
i will not be going back to here .
the avocado egg rolls were filled w/ just avocado , and no seasoning .
i felt the pedicure was rushed and i could n't really enjoy it .
food is always decent , fair prices , and pretty good service .
they refused my cash and services .
nothing special about this place .
we would n't recommend going to this location .
they sell them for the same price , because supposedly they are tested .
disgusting !
it was really good !
the food and service were excellent .
at least then i 'd get some bang for the _num_ bucks .
enjoyed our lunch here today .
the food is nothing to write home about .
the sauce was more of a bland paste than a sauce .
it was ridiculous !
the pizza is definitely tasty - nothing frozen here .
i do n't even know why i bother trying this one over and over .
do n't waste your money here .
the surgeon said that he would tell the corporation that i was n't happy .
we eat there at least once a week , for many years .
i was referred by one of my own clients and was beyond impressed .
the flavor of the meat was n't too bad though .
when in scottsdale , might as well go to nordstrom rack .
a great thank you goes out to the staff here .
both were fresh and delicious .
i wrote it there , saw it and then it suddenly disappeared today .
everyone there was extremely friendly , welcoming and definitely made our experience wonderful .
no credit courtesy at all .
the server was friendly and fast .
very good fresh breakfast many healthy items to choose from .
friendly , competent staff .
the _num_ goes straight there from slices .
we enjoyed the cute shop and restaurant duo as the ambiance .
everything flows so smoothly .
vinny the owner is a very sweet guy .
our water glasses were not refilled .
the crackers were one variety of the most generic kind .
the food was just amazing !
love love love kyoto lunch !
they have no idea what they are missing out on .
the place was clean , and the receptionists were really nice .
the seafood is amazing .
it was perfection !
there is no wait for the men 's room , none .
homemade tortillas are so good !
any absolutely wonderful experience .
i would return and definitely recommend to others !
waste of money .
worst service ever .
i cook better indian food at home .
all four of us thought it was the hit of the evening .
got a fabulous new haircut from dustin !
disgusting .
the new owners do n't seem to have a clue .
had she told me this i would have gone some where else .
it is romantic and beautiful , perfect for a fancy 2nd date .
at least the food was n't as underwhelming as the service .
about _num_ minutes later his spaghetti comes out and the sauce was like water .
gone there twice this past week .
i love winning their little games and getting coupons .
thank you so much stella johnson !
we ordered the `` monster , '' and the toppings were excellent .
tables covered with vinyl .
what an amazing stylist i have .
good vibe , interesting mix of people .
nice patio and happy hour too .
great guy .
cold !
delicious falafel with tons of veggies !
my client told me about this place not to long ago .
it does n't feel clean .
wow !
i 'm just hoping i do n't get sick this evening .
food was very good , as was the service .
i enjoyed the visit when we came .
have your dog groomed by someone who loves dogs .
$ _num_ for one taco .
maybe i 'm just used to ( spoiled by ? )
pizza with tomatoes and spinach sounded awesome .
waited _num_ minutes for them to even clean a dirty table .
delicious kung pao chicken !
i should have stayed away .
from the moment we arrived , the staff was incredibly friendly .
generally speaking it was nothing worth coming back to .
thanks for explaining the app and making our experience great !
maintenance is quick and does a great job .
food is wonderful , atmosphere nice .
sauce was spicy and unlike any steak i was ever served .
the food was delicious and the service was prompt .
the sad thing is , every woman in our group had the same problem .
they bake their bread fresh everyday and it melts in your mouth .
great music .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .
i did not feel i was being unreasonable .
i highly recommended !
the really great part about this hotel is the staff .
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .
will be on my regular rotation of mexican joints !
it is one of the prettiest indoor/outdoor wedding venues in the valley .
this is a local dive bar with great bar food .
service was very good .
this is a great place to eat .
but i ca n't !
it is a higher price joint but well worth it !
i 'm better off doing a box color .
great price , great food , nice staff.
they have delicious yet healthy options for breakfast , brunch , and lunch .
great service and excellent wine selection !
it had big potential but working together wound up being extremely disappointing .
my girlfriend had a wrap which tasted fresh and tasty .
yes they have good brews but the atmosphere is not the same .
hot and sour soup was spicy hot and very good .
the employees are all very friendly and helpful .
up until tonight we ate here weekly .
the call was placed for delivery ... a large pizza and _num_ dozen wings .
a seafood place that does n't serve sourdough ?
epic fail for this pei wei .
visited this gym from out of town and loved it .
and always very consistent for the last 20+ years i 've been going there .
the one good thing about this bar was the cheap beers .
i would not recommend the restaurant .
the class was supposed to be _num_ min long .
highly recommend !
my corned beef has was perfect and i ate all of it !
the food is just that good .
it really is ridiculously good .
the staff was friendly and the chips and salsa were great .
to sum up , tiramisu is unwelcoming , hot and loud .
very professional and friendly !
customer for life !
we took a piece of cheesecake home and it was awful !
the place is simply adorable .
i mean how do u mess up a pizza .
my food would have been cold if i was polite enough to wait .
too much fun !
it really hit the spot on a warm , sunny afternoon .
no signs stating the hours of operation .
the service was pretty bland , nothing special .
it 's all about your particular needs and what fits into your budget .
i could have made that salad in _num_ minutes tops .
sunday breakfast on the patio was great .
i just got off church and i had my kids in the truck .
the service was outstanding as well .
the owners are great and everyone is so personable and friendly !
but honestly the food is n't that good .
we were very disappointed with the exotic mushroom and lamb chops .
the burgers are amazing !
our table tried a variety of menu items and everyone enjoyed their meal .
we wo n't even consider buying anything from this place !
it was delicious .
i have been so happy with prestige !
customer service is clearly a priority to everyone .
highly recommend east valley tire .
one downside is price , it is expensive , but worth it !
it 's not the best but its consistently pretty good !
dessert was great , and the meats were cooked to temperature .
price points are on the high side .
thank you , nordstrom 's .
this was the best decision for their future that i have made .
i told our waiter he better go fill a few pitchers to go .
i love frank and lupe 's .
they were just plain nasty .
i wo n't be coming back .
this was my first attempt at a sushi restaraunt .
right now .
not unless invited by good friends .
no other place in tempe seems to have such a stupid policy .
the quesadilla was amazing , i wish i ordered _num_ more for my entree !
what a cool restaurant .
friendly , knowledgable service .
this place is a gem .
i highly recommend even a drink at the bar at sunset !
the employee was very friendly and attentive .
ummm yeah dude why would i order them .
at least the fries were fresh and did n't taste of yesterday 's oil .
overall very disappointing for a place that use to be great .
found this store online and made a trip while going to scottsdale .
it was incredible !
the place is dead as fuck .
the surrounding area is not the best part of town .
the food always has depth .
thanks .
this place is awesome .
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .
just one degree below the food- which was horrible .
however , when i got home , i still had to clean up myself .
lack of professionalism throughout the entire ordeal .
great environment for a date night or family dinner .
best salon , & full beauty studio !
kyoto is now one of my favorite restaurants .
horrible dry and bad smelling burgers .
their gift shop is most interesting !
will definitely be coming back .
looking for a great local dive bar !
i like their clothes , they are pretty good quality .
best way to spend the morning .
came here for lunch with the family .
really nice theater .
we ordered the green mary lou appetizer which was very good .
everything went smooth and our dogs seemed happy upon our return .
these are the best donuts .
the big sign out front says $ _num_ .
i love there food .
cheese and butter make an awful combo .
well run property management company .
the wine list is extensive with lots of unique choices .
( have n't been back since july ) .
charles is great !
they 're always straight up and try and give me the best deal possible .
we always have a good breakfast here and we go on a regular basis .
my recommendation is to go ... and keep going .
best carne asada plate !
i hear happy hour here is a good deal .
this food is hot garbage wrapped in tortillas .
anyway i should have just left after the change machine too my money .
i sent this back and the waitress just took it and walked off .
good food .
the staff is friendly , the shop is clean and very modern .
my favorite place for nails !
green salsa is soooo good !
this place is great !
super service !
i love the honesty of the techs here .
i usually choose pizza hut among other competitors but not after this experience .
very friendly staff that goes above and beyond to meet your needs .
simply amazing .
there were places that looked like they had n't ever been cleaned .
the best prices makes it even better !
anyhow , i 'm a fan .
we were all unsatisfied .
their sizzling rice soup is amazing !
fast service , huge portions and good prices .
amazing !
it was my favorite restaurant in all of phoenix .
not one good thing to say about the whole experience .
we picked up our keys after dropping off all of our move in money .
i have never gotten the sense that anyone who works here cares .
they came out with _num_ small containers of hot mustard , which i love .
the doctors are great .
unfortunately there was confusion with my reservation .
the only thing home made here is the mess they made .
this was my second time this week to experience defalco 's .
and what a treat .
i handed over $ _num_ and brought it home .
great price , nice ambiance , and delicious food .
will be back !
this is one of the best emergency rooms i have ever been treated .
best ever .
the rewards program is great , especially if you 're getting major service done .
delicious baked omlette .
worse customer service ever !
this breakfast was well worth the _num_ minute wait for a table .
best service and quality work .
the service was excellent !
split tongue , etc .
great place for water and the smoothies are the best !
and the marinara sauce is way too sweet for my liking .
their bacon was perfectly crispy .
now that is terrible costumer service .
very nice .
tom continues to impress .
great filet .
our dinners were just as delicious .
great place to hear a band !
greens were slow and course was overall in mediocre shape .
for the price , the wine is n't bad .
it was a beautiful setting .
terrific store .
the service was wonderful .
good biscuits and gravy and pretty good omelettes .
heavily disappointed when me and my friends went there for lunch .
very disappointed .
great service , great coffee , great start to the day .
check it out !
makes me wonder if the lost business was worth going home _num_ minutes early .
the wait staff knows nothing about wine .
i was very disappointed .
nice clean store , good tea !
complained to manger , he did nothing except correct the check .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .
dee is awesome .
hot sauce was neither hot nor saucy .
absolutely stunning beauty .
no bueno .
dumplings were good .
by _num_ , it still was not here .
i had a quesadilla with veggies and it was fantastic .
go in ... the food is really good at a reasonable price .
wo n't be returning to get robbed again in the future .
it is better than even oregano 's !
we have had to return poorly pressed items multiple times .
fyi , free work is usually cheap work .
the food was outstanding .
keep up the great job kyoto japanese restaurant .
great dive bar !
this place is really good and great customer service !
she did not apologize or anything .
i have seen many shows at gammage .
what neat find !
well it was disgusting .
same staff , same menu and same amazing service .
they have a ton of spicy food selections that i love .
i also ordered the plain cheese crisp .
wings are well prepared and delish .
great food and do a mean miso soup if u go for the sushi !
i could eat this everyday !
no i did n't punch him in the face .
still , it took _num_ minutes to get a table .
prices are good and i love the fuel points .
everything else is perfect !
delicious food and a delight to work with !
_num_ minutes later , still no table .
you have to love a restaurant that gets it right from start to finish !
best gyro place in town .
one of my favorite places !
love love love the outdoor seating !
fish is fresh .
great atmosphere !
they over charge .
the greek salad is delicious too !
bosa donuts , we are friends for life .
the food is worth waiting for and the deli is awesome .
i won !
just moved in about a month ago and i am impressed with the apartment .
we ate here two mornings , and enjoyed both meals .
all keep me eating there weekly !
i let them know this , they used that to their advantage .
the meat is so flavorful and goes perfect with the spicy mustard .
beautiful grounds , excellent food , accomodations were good .
food was absolutely delicious but it is a bit pricey -- although worth it .
very impressive !
they said no problem .
the steak tasted like rubber and was very chewy .
i love this place .
staff was friendly and knowledgeable .
i would love to come here again and try their sushi !
that is sloppy , sloppy , sloppy .
only received _num_ wings .
best clearance sales when coordinated with a dillard 's card .
the best hand crafted phoenix beers hands down .
they definitely made me feel special .
she came across as snooty and rather condescending .
i absolutely love salon tru !
they decide to expand their store and in the process kill a small business .
she did n't care , did n't apologize , just had a snotty attitude .
then why so much fake meat ?
thanks robert and staff for a perfect ending to our wedding .
the spinach dip is the best i 've ever had !
best mechanics in town !
perfect setting , good food , cocktails and music .
another owner or manager came to the table and insisted that i pay .
a big , '' no , no '' for me .
it 's a great deal .
food and beer was fantastic , but it was not worth that terrible wait .
beyond customer service , the products here are phenomenal .
they do not go out of the way to make you car shine .
drinks are cheap and the staff seems pretty friendly .
i am a guy who is in a hurry to find a place !
the price for the repair was also very reasonable .
first of all there is no table service .
the food is fine .
it 's so good i 've never tried anything else here !
great food , good prices , super staff .
one of the best dining experiences in the valley .
wow terrible place here !
i love this place !
my first clue should have been when the girl asked `` how spicy ? ''
seriously that is lame .
lamb tongue ( chewy and horrible ! )
went for lunch and got right in !
i liked the chill crowd .
there was also an amazing musician playing the night i was there .
i am a seasonal resident in arizona and was very welcome at this office .
my pad thai had chicken , shrimp , and tofu .
i highly recommend alan 's air for any of your conditioning needs .
the bread it came with was n't that attractive .
yeah no , we will just pay cash and leave .
avoid this dealership for service .
-- but no more .
the bread was n't really that great .
the service was pretty fast but the food was awful .
are you kidding me ?
instead , we got average food and pretty bad service .
gave me the wrong burger and it was cold .
their little drive thru pickup area was easy and everything was delicious as always !
then where the sauces are it was filthy .
would n't recommend going here .
service was pretty quick .
my girlfriend loves their raspberry lemonade drink .
most businesses understand that without the customer , the business would n't exist .
worst service ever experienced .
_num_ % cheaper and four days sooner !
i highly recommend this nail salon .
my dad and i split a margherita pizza .
by far , my favorite restaurant in the land of restaurants !
been coming here for years and really enjoy the atmosphere .
bought many items at fry 's electronics but never ever again .
guess what , no more coffee .
seared blackened ahi , quality was good , blackened seasoning was way too salty .
been here many times come to think of it too many times .
great atmosphere , excellent food and service .
said , `` i am an officer , you are a fucking private . ''
the food is just plain bad .
they did an awesome job .
great people !
the photo i took proved useful in catching this shop in a huge lie .
when i took them home they did n't seem right at all .
i rarely write a review , but i feel in this case i must .
unless i 'm in the mood for cold cooked eggs .
i had a long layer in the back and i was mortified !
this really helps with the early morning wait .
the staff is always friendly .
the last time i went though the service was horrible .
happy hour !
it was okay , not what i would expect from them .
fantastic value .
best place to eat in phx hands down !
the food was amazing .
super quaint and fun stop , especially with kids .
pricey , but worth it .
good breakfast .
bring it back !
very , very good !
their menu is varied and unique .
awesome !
the food is not bad , but not great either .
what type of hospital has an emergency room so dirty ?
they offer a wide array of services and will give you an honest diagnosis .
i will definitely be back again !
everytime one walked past our table he turned his head and avoided eye contact .
all were excellent - fresh , tasty and well presented .
as always , a great dinner .
i have been going here for years and everything is delicious .
girlfriends favorite place !
food is wonderful and service is great .
with a side of delicious salsa .
this is a top notch place !
the work was high quality and we drove away very happy .
for starters , the chips and salsa were pretty average .
the sunday breakfast brunch is excellent and the restaurant in the spa is healthy .
horrible service ... cashiers act like complete morons .
i came here to celebrate my birthday and the song is the best !
she 's funny and made the shopping experience cool .
delicious !
i was annoyed because i need to press one of the dresses .
the new doctor in this office is absolutely amazing .
the owners and staff are very friendly .
most diverse and interesting scene in downtown scottsdale .
got the mongolian beef excellent .
thai pizza was very good and they really know their beers .
the pasta alla vodka was incredible .
the grass is dead everywhere .
i was with a group and check-in is always at _num_ pm .
it is thai food in scottsdale .
fantastic !
i loved the meal !
great food and manager !
when serving water , they have no manners .
food is decent and prices are good .
great little place tucked into a small strip mall shopping center .
very friendly staff that can take care of most travel needs .
its breathtaking !
however , the owners ( the older woman especially ) were incredibly rude .
you may get lucky , but if not then you 'll regret it .
wrong thing to do .
i would go back in a heartbeat though because the food is delicious !
did n't know i had filet mignon .
super disappointed with this place as it has potential .
this place is awful .
customer service is always quick , friendly and helpful .
i will for sure go back there !
nothing was bad for our visit , but nothing was great either .
waffle and egg breakfast is great .
we used to always go to pure but have since switched here .
it 's very interesting on the inside with all of the pink .
great happy hour !
great mexican food , at an awesome price .
finally he just ordered straight bourbon .
so i guess do n't buy drafts there .
excellent service .
okay , fail one walmart customer service .
i check my fries and they were old and cold .
punctual , professional , informative .
i recommend arriving early , if you are planning on watching a specific band .
i think this is the best thai food in scottsdale .
about _num_ minutes after that happened , i left .
recently i noticed that beginning with your second bowl of chips you are charged .
everything we order has been great .
if i where him i would learn how to deal with customers .
excellent and friendly service .
lunch and dinner are pretty ordinary but good .
they are well organized and are knowledgable about their practice .
very classy place .
i will not come back here ever again .
i love you so much .
nicole , our waitress , was very friendly and pleasant .
roaring fork is not perfect but it is pretty close .
she was so straight forward and informative , yet super friendly !
we showed up last night _num_ minutes before the posted closing time .
and here is the best part ... the service is awesome !
highly recommend !
the food was perfect .
great lunch specials at $ _num_ this is a good deal .
great place to watch a ball game !
great place to buy arizona style jewelry and art !
first time i have eaten here , it was great .
they were delicious ... buttery and tender .
honest to god the best beef cheese steak in america .
i 've never had experienced a walgreens like this .
they were great !
the day before our dinner , we had one more decide to join us .
the prices here are reasonable too !
this is a fun neighborhood bar .
excellent restaurant .
_num_ is around the corner .
the service was efficient and the place was clean .
after all that , she brought us _num_ glasses of very cold sangria .
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?
very disappointed in this salon .
the service was great from the front desk to the spa to the restaurants .
the staff is superior and the facility was inviting even though its a hospital .
the venue looks nice , was clean , and a little bit confusing .
the problem is with the food .
the pool was a great place for the kids to play .
great service and amazing food .
i can help , i will never go back again .
i will definitely be back .
we walked along scottsdale rd .
warm and cozy dinning experience .
staff at checkout is unhelpful .
i drive to this office from peoria for the great service .
now it 's your turn !
thanks for great service !
we wo n't be going back .
horrible service .
i enjoyed my meal much and liked the heat .
my favorites .
check out the pictures and you 'll know what i mean .
it tasted fresh and delicious .
i recommend mike or fred for training .
the food is great here !
great fast food fish & chips joint !
and it 's very reasonably priced .
you do n't promise something & then do something else when we get there .
love it and the staff is always super nice and funny !
this is definitely the place to be in scottsdale .
we were totally disappointed with how the waitress treated us .
its not his fault he works for a company like this i 'm sure .
the `` keg '' wines were outstanding -- decent value and good flavors .
i would 've done better to have gone to taco bell .
they care about making sure everything is perfect .
would n't go back .
unfortunately , we will never return .
also love that they have orange blossom beer .
i got highlights done with melissa .
no coffee , wrong meal delivered .
the music , ambiance , and big booths are fantastic .
and i 'll probably request a refund for this night as well .
there loss of money .
i love their flavored coffee .
maintenance issue response times at least doubled .
lastly , we sat on the patio , which is a back patio .
she was not busy , just had a very bad attitude .
thirsty people are unhappy people .
this is it !
i am so happy that i found this place .
id say best first impression !
very bad service .
my few hours of pampering ended very badly .
there is nothing good about this venue .
i think this is an awesome business model with poor management .
horribly disappointed .
starbucks is great !
but not worth going back for .
if you like food in your mouth you have to eat here regularly .
glass , and was mediocre .
fresh tortillas are so amazing too !
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .
i love this place .
i really should give this place a zero .
professional and friendly .
this place is clean , professional and convenient .
this management now is horrible .
awesome place !
asked the hub would you go back he said no .
i 'm so glad this place is always consistently amazing !
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .
the food was good and the bread was fresh .
it 's delicious .
and the fries are amazing with that seasoning on them !
tons of sandwich places around with better attitudes , and better food .
not my scene , but may be yours and families .
i enjoyed a great sandwich here once again .
my windows look amazing !
a first class italian eatery .
but the atmosphere inside was very sad .
sam does a wonderful job with my nails each time !
the products are wonderful and the staff is extremely helpful .
busy , but not standing room only .
simply awesome service and customer care at a great price .
tottie 's is great if you are looking for some variety in your menu .
this is one of the best kept secrets of arizona .
the atmosphere is cozy , stylish , comforting .
if you want some spectacular greek food , this is the spot for you .
very disappointed .
so being new to chandler i took this course as a kid friendly course .
enjoyed the dolly a lot .
all of the employees were happy , upbeat , and worked very well together .
green chili pork and rotisserie chicken flatbread was excellent .
worst customer service i have ever had .
there was nothing good about this breakfast at all .
no cell reception !
the friendly crew that runs the place takes care of you .
this was such a treat !
you can also buy fresh meats and italian goods there .
qt and grocery stores have better wraps then this place and far less cheaper .
one thing i like is that they always verify everything before showing up .
amazing setting and views .
my first visit to the breakfast club was great !
wish i could give _num_ stars .
please give my kudos to both of them !
love this place ... can you veal me people !
great service with friendly staff throughout .
making new friends .
everyone that works here is so happy and nice !
really bland .
staff looks miserable and is not friendly .
should n't even give _num_ stars .
really nice atmosphere ... not easy to find .
i love coming to breweries when i visit a new city .
am told it will take _num_ minutes .
this is a cute little kids museum .
so we stopped going to this qt .
the employees were nice and clean and the price was right .
either way you will be in a worse situation .
an incredible staff who really cares .
it was a fun date night and we look forward to going back .
cookie heaven !
very very disappointed and irritated .
always has fast and friendly service .
i 'm still in heaven .
i crave the stetson chopped salad and open face steak sandwich .
it tasted old and dry .
i 've eaten at this kona grill several times .
but i did find large pieces of lettuce under the tacos in the basket .
i love salon tru , friendly staff and excellent service .
very tender , i should have gone up a spice level .
loved it .
best pastrami sandwich i 've ever had !
unfortunately we waited over an hour for food that never showed up .
they really could care less to have you as a customer .
avoid if at all possible .
they have a way of making you feel comfortable .
all was spoiled with waitress , food , and beer !
when it warms up , their outdoor area looked very appealing .
if you care about your score , avoid this place .
it was barely warmer .
our guide and driver , rex was so personable and informative .
jeff and his crew take care of you like you 're family .
while not rude , he was not pleasant or overly friendly either .
always consistently good sushi .
very very clean , great ambience , and an awesome staff .
service was great , staff was friendly .
polite , excited to see all the fans , and clearly enjoy their jobs .
the staff and docs are incredible .
dirty carpet , dirty seats and generally disgusting dirty .
great place for breakfast if you are staying in the downtown scottsdale area .
you may want to have a chat with your staff .
not going back .
unfortunately , there was an error in the original fine print for this offer .
overall this place was great .
it 's just a nice neighborhood restaurant with a really unique menu .
it was really awkward .
friday i spoke to a woman on the phone who was very helpful .
cheesesteaks are pretty decent , but the hoagies are great .
great food !
awesome !
hers was ok , a little too rare .
it is a jen of place with great breakfast .
horrible !
family owned .
service is great !
calamari , overcooked .
i would recommend george and son 's to friends visiting the scottsdale area .
you could also buy drinks at a really decent price .
blue adobe has quite an eclectic but tasty menu .
if you are using eggs , egg whites are part of them .
but the complete opposite of light and fluffy like they should be .
they were amazing with the cocktail sauce and horseradish .
friendly staff , great product , open early !
they also have several novelty items that are perfect for a gift !
last night it failed on all counts .
all of the food was cold .
i went for the first the yesterday and really enjoyed it .
he did not do the heart , only the three lines around it .
the christmas decorations is just an added bonus during the holiday season !
i highly recommend this activity .
love this place and will keep coming back .
this place is great .
would definitely recommend them and will use them again .
it was lame .
do n't get me wrong , i love me a dive bar .
i 'll be here again !
went on saturday for lunch and the dining area was not to busy .
its so yummy !
this has happened numerous times .
a great place for pizza too .
took _num_ minutes to get a toasted bagel and egg sandwich .
both were great and came with a tasty green chile rice .
interesting concept - dining within a market .
overall i would recommend this business to a friend .
no pitas , at pita pit ?
this is a perfect spot for happy hour or a special meal .
tons of tv 's and restaurant quality food with an impressive menu .
the restaurant now has a chic look now with a great bar area .
this baja fresh really did n't impress me .
food was amazing , really large portions at a great price !
enjoy !
the server was friendly , the food was good .
terrific experience and it 's the best location in old town scottsdale .
for the services you get it 's the best price in the area .
the other _num_ were freezing cold .
im in love with wings , just need to get my fix .
the people who work here are really nice .
she did an excellent job and i would definitely recommend people there !
but make sure to check your bill !
it smelled like fish tank water .
say it ai n't so !
i would hardly say _num_ strawberries are worth _num_ .
then there were the hipsters drinking pbr .
definitely a place to take az visitors !
i will definitely come back .
the drinks themselves are n't cheap either .
first , the whole place gives off a sketchy vibe .
this place was the worst place to ever live !
if i could give less than one , i would .
you really can see the servers roller skate well .
great service , great food and really nice ambiance !
thank you !
she most def hates her life !
will not be going back .
they could n't even bring us water after we asked twice .
i love their white coffee !
ugh ... then please do n't offer thru yelp .
nicole did my girls back , she is great .
food was good and our server was awesome .
tastes like it came from my mothers kitchen !
i just signed up to yelp after reading all these nice reviews .
food and service was excellent .
pizza is good .
great little ( really little ) place .
never again will i buy anything at this store .
instead of everyone having water , they replaced one with coke .
i always leave the salon absolutely loving my hair cut and color !
she 's amazing .
this soup makes me so happy you have no idea .
best happy hour around .
overall i just was n't impressed .
the spa is amazing and the sunday brunch is a must !
the pool and hot tub are kept clean .
i do n't usually bother to rate places i do n't like .
good deals if they have the stuff you like .
went for hh - definitely a good deal .
finally got to try this place .
the halibut was good too .
( shipped april 16th ) .
i would recommend this place to any any bride !
the garlic bread when you sit down is a nice touch .
great work at a reasonable price .
both are real friendly , customer service was top notch .
way bigger and better than michael 's !
i would give it four stars for the great food and friendly service .
ok , i am not the kind to write reviews .
just terrible .
why ca n't starbucks do that ?
we ate there in january and the staff is rude and slow !
thank you !
rude & arrogant people !
good little place for coffee or lunch .
i love , love , love their grilled artichoke appetizer !
it is also fun to sit at the bar .
highly recommended !
i think that is beyond rude .
the food is excellent , a quite location .
it took me _num_ seconds to change it out myself in their parking lot .
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .
i needed some help finding something and this lady was the greatest !
the meals were once prepared neatly , now sloppy .
recommend this for all your grocery needs .
these guys were so good .
the covered parking next door is certainly an added bonus in the summer .
he 's incredibly friendly and very attentive , he also makes great recommendations .
this is a fabulous place with caring staff members .
the food is n't that good and the margaritas are watered down .
so yummy !
the waitress gave us total attitude about using them .
very helpful staff .
you just do n't find anything professional in this place .
best meat subs .
great wine list & the food melts in your mouth .
great deserts as well .
just tried the chicken mozzarella sandwich .
value 's ok as well .
... and it 's perfect !
awesome place and great prices on their firearms !
i really liked the one year complementary service that came with the car .
great service .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .
i really do n't know why this place gets so many good reviews .
i will go back !
i guess i should have just said that .
the food was okay but nothing spectacular .
we at at lon 's for our anniversary celebration a few weeks ago .
food is excellent , ambiance is great .
the worst customer service here ever .
they are actually quite funny .
the crowd and staff are friendly .
great service and friendly staff .
this place is great .
worth every penny , the food was delicious !
she was great .
service was tolerable .
the end result is just great .
super friendly people .
the personal service that she gave me and my wedding party was stellar .
terrible experience .
never ever use this cleaner !
my shirt was soaked with water from hose dripping down my back .
the best experience getting this procedure done .
i love this place , the prices are reasonable for the sizes .
i really just enjoyed this weekend and my stay .
was there yesterday and my lobster was totally over cooked .
they also have really really good ranch here .
kyle was excellent .
the fellas that work here are really polite and helpful !
great variety of dishes , prices are fair .
this place is not that great .
i am dropping another $ _num_ to repair it this week .
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .
even through the first part of the _num_ 's it was old reliable .
totally worth it !
the help is really helpful and friendly .
everything comes with grease dripping hash browns whether you want them or not .
i love going to smiley nails !
apps on menu were delicious .
the few bites of solid ice cream were freezer burned .
great advice about bikes , biking , racing , the culture in general .
worst customer service ever .
great food !
this is a special place .
every thing on the menu is excellent , but try the sea food stew .
this place is unique and fun ... the food is great .
next time i think the courtyard marriott might be in order .
love the book that was passed out too !
the pad thai and pad se ew are both good !
horrible service !
a total of _num_ tables - very small place .
the frame inventory is great !
it 's super tasty !
wow !
neither is customer service .
i highly recommend mesa northeast animal hospital !
nothing that special about this place .
this place is horrible .
very pleasant and did a great job .
amazing resort .
the owner is friendly and the burgers and wings are fantastic .
the most terrible experience .
i loved the wor won ton soup .
the people here are pros , will definitely be taking them back .
good place .
i 'm really disappointed .
one of my all time favorite restaurants in old town scottsdale .
$ _num_ got me pretty much the run of the town .
get the gyro plate and enjoy .
i had the huevos rancheros and it is the best i 've ever had .
barro 's started making the wings and did n't want to waste them .
the service is amazing , the decor and ambiance can not be beat .
the pizza was n't very good and was bland .
the water park and spa are ideal .
employee did not tell me this .
yea no thanks .
the food was mediocre at best .
a great spot within walking distance ... a beauty .
a+ on customer service & knowledge !
so ... yay liver .
it 's even better when enjoyed on the patio .
room service is very good .
do n't bother with this place .
the facilities are top-notch , however , my massage left me a little unimpressed .
great chili cheese fries and plenty of sports channels to pick from .
i 'm a new `` regular '' and i like it !
keep the drinks and food coming !
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .
though the waiting room is large , it 's often standing room only .
the food is great !
the manager come over and was horrible .
she was sad ... .
the lasagna was pretty tasteless too .
maybe the worst tortilla i 've ever had !
they have a very friendly staff and always make you feel welcome !
i felt so bad , i cooked up something for her at home .
the service was top-notch .
fortunately , great beer and the company of beer lovers makes up for it .
you are always guaranteed a fabulous meal .
its amazing the love you feel when being there .
the salesperson very helpful , and easy going .
fish tacos and chicken flatbread are also superb .
the wait staff is super nice and friendly .
it was absolutely delicious .
there 's just too many other good choices out there .
thank you phil .
( huh ? )
also , why is the `` bouncer '' inside watching karaoke ?
miso soup was very salty .
then she tells me , she had someone come in that had an appt .
not worth the trip .
a great little place !
we also did old west pictures and that was fun !
excellent service .
a very nice spot for a quiet lunch .
total disappointment !
excellent work and always comes through when you need him .
i had an amazing time here .
if i could rate negative stars , i would !
great service , great food , good prices and a lot of choices !
i was very impressed with how helpful and courteous the staff was .
very clean .
the cucumber salad was excellent .
they are amazing and the service is impeccable .
this was very disappointing especially after now reading about how good their food is .
i got the nut mahi mahi and it was pretty good too .
saving me money is a quick and easy way to win me over !
thanks gang !
the facility and entire staff were phenomenal .
we were delivered the completely wrong pizza .
it was perfect .
it 's too bad because i do believe that their doctors are great .
great bands when they bring them in and interesting events , too .
i remember the food being pretty decent , however the service was really sub-par .
nice selection of children 's bedding .
the menu is always sophisticated and food is cooked to perfection .
will definitely be going back again !
small spot , but definitely worth trying ( again and again ) !
the crust was one of the worst i have ever had .
just had brunch here and to my surprise the food was very tasty .
excellent food .
well , my experience was different than anything i read here !
fantastic sea food collection and taste .
it has no flavor and it is rubbery .
a couple weeks later we returned , knowing full well the rules .
this place is awesome .
working with beth and joe on my custom design was great !
great food .
so delicious .
imagine how pissed i was .
very unique atmosphere that you wont find anywhere else in scottsdale .
all around great !
one is as good as the next grimaldi 's .
we stayed here on our recent vacation and the vibe was great .
best food ever .
old folks stuffing themselves everywhere .
the food was great .
my steak was awesome and the service was great too !
fantastic food and awesome service !
i will not be going back .
it 's quaint the beer is great and the boys are cute .
i do n't have time to wait .
resort hotel in fantastic location .
the entire office is friendly and efficient .
defiantly worth a try for an upscale birthday or date night .
guys in the shop are hella cool .
great pizza !
this is a biker friendly bar .
the food is always consistent , great portions , and well priced .
i do n't have this issue with other locations .
she told me not to be angry , she had other tables .
i dunno , i do n't really pay attention , ha sorry . ''
service was good , but food was very slow .
took _num_ min for someone to get my water .
i do not get it on any level .
so good !
they will not own their mistakes .
even though they 're across the valley from me i 'll definitely be back !
perfect for any hunger fix .
what a wonderfully pleasant surprise !
the atmosphere is excellent .
we highly recommend them .
its always amazing !
no thanks .
so my brand new pair sold in zero days and i got $ _num_ .
everything was outstanding and so full of flavor .
i would skip this one .
best sandwiches i 've had in _num_ years in the valley .
enjoyable dinner at the cove .
thanks kristen and village tavern for a wonderful meal .
this is by far the worst apartment community i have ever lived in .
just not sure what jim had done .
had so much fun and this local dive bar !
my family got the combination plates and they were also top notch .
i will recommend aaron specifically to all my friends and neighbors .
nice background music and fast service buy they do n't rush you .
i would n't go back .
very nice and accommodating .
he said his total time would be no more than _num_ minutes .
not only is she professional but her energy is awesome .
if i had a top ten list , it 'd be closer to _num_ .
the staff here is very friendly .
i never feel rushed and always get the best treatment .
truly a beautiful store .
this is not the first bad experience i 've had here .
highly recommend .
the service was great .
absolutely the the most awful pizza i ever ate !
i highly recommend !
the mai tai was excellent .
the staff was friendly and the office was very clean .
highly recommended !
she gets _num_ stars !
service was good and food was piping hot off the grill .
he then proceeded to clear all of our drinks off the table .
more men than ladies so be prepared for that !
however the pizza was garbage and the garlic knots were dry .
we will definitely be back for more margaritas and friendly ambience !
no help .
he made me feel terrible .
unless you want to do karaoke at night , do not eat here .
what a relief to find honest people in this field .
but for its size , new tokyo certainly packs in a lot of goods .
service is always delightful !
while driving away , i noticed that my car drove worse when i left .
a wonderful selection of wines compliment the authentic italian foods .
thank you !
the restaurant had a great garlic smell to it ... i know why .
it 's the tortillas !
sadly the fries were n't much better as they were soggy .
i felt like the worst parent ever .
old west style !
coffee amazing !
this little bridal shop was an absolute dream come true !
great place .
but other than that , i would definitely recommend this place !
this place is terrible !
i also love supporting local small business owners .
i recommend this place to everyone .
this is a great music shop to do business with .
the doctor is cool too .
i recommend him to everyone !
very impressed with this place !
great experience at the airport .
highly recommended ( especially for sports fans ) !
the greek salad was served with a yogurt dressing .
not good and not what i normally see from this place .
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .
everything was excellent except the coffee .
the mac and cheese was super good as well .
it was definitely an amazing night .
not impressed .
great place !
the girls were free because they were _num_ and _num_ .
loved the salsa .
the grilled veggies were topped with olive oil and were tender and very tasty .
we have been ordering from here for a while now .
great store !
our waiter was so attentive .
that was not the case tonight .
they have great appetizers and great service .
new drive through is a wreck waiting to happen .
music is perfect , not too loud and not too quiet .
that 's always a sign of a good place .
got the tuna sub here and it was absolutely delicious !
this is worth a stop .
price is right and advice is free .
best shaved ice in town !
good for classes , nice equipment and a rock climbing wall to boot .
they always have the best customer service and friendly staff !
friendly too .
unfortunately , not the case for this place .
i will be visiting this place again for sure in the next couple weeks !
i personally think it is a nice place .
the views from the place are amazing .
the bread was soggy when it arrived and the meat inside was cold .
do not go see this vet , what a horrible experience that was .
i do n't like it '' .
i did n't even eat it .
best sandwiches ever !
prices are just plain retail .
no one working here goes really goes out of their way to be friendly .
safe to say i will not be returning .
this was a $ _num_ job .
razz is an exceptional chef .
excellent experience from a to z .
great selection of sandwiches and deli salads .
i do n't think i 'm coming back to this one .
but that is okay with me she was rude to begin with anyways .
the white rice was overcooked and chewy .
i should probably prepare you .
wow , what an amazing place to have some quiet time on sunday .
went here on a whim and i regret i did .
best spaghetti i ever had .
great dive for me .
i always feel relaxed and happy when leaving .
but the real treat is the oj that they sell on site ... .
definitely worth checking out .
the help lady is a racist .
i ask her why she asked and she refuses my reservation !
even better , everything was on happy hour prices !
no take out .
came here with a large party .
this is my first daycare and it is an amazing place .
not sure why people rave about the biscuits and gravy .
they always look amazing !
great food and highly recommend going with a large group .
am on the fence as to whether or not i can ever return here .
i would n't go back .
scenery was nice and the staff was friendly .
there is nothing special about them .
it was a fabulous place .
best local donuts in chandler .
loud , obnoxious music .
love this place !
as you can see from the photo , it was soggy and gross .
the sausage was very good , so dig in to the sandwiches and pastas !
great ambiance , nice open kitchen , big booths .
their biggest problem is the online material .
the place has no air conditioning , the service was awful .
this place has the worst customer service i have ever experienced !
the chicken was pink and rubbery .
go and then thank the chef for a wonderful meal .
great waiter too !
there was no food offered on there menu .
like , no joke .
the people here have always been so nice and caring to my dog .
so true !
i always have a great time !
i am glad i found her and will definitely return .
thanks guys .
very friendly , quick service , and great food .
the stocked cash bar was a very popular place throughout the event .
always good quality , and usually pretty fast .
the food was good and the staff was without exception excellent .
great work .
daily specials are usually great .
the tempura vegetable is delicious , and you get quite a bit .
this store 's customer service is awesome .
garbage .
give it a try !
food was great .
she has great style and i trust her completely .
no excuses ... .
in the end , i actually found the dress which was awesome !
no thanks .
fourth , oil level is low !
definitely recommended .
overall terrible .
do not bring your pet here if you have another option .
always love this place .
the entire experience was incredible .
i went back , and i love it .
so , keep to yourself , get what you need and get out .
this is a awesome place .
consistently good , one of the best indian restaurants in the valley .
we went there only for their delicious banana cream pie .
he was very rude and i would never go back .
but we enjoy mixing our own dish depending on our mood that day .
the owners and staff are great , and , family .
moving can be a stressful time .
well lit , gated , and friendly well trained staff .
something is definitely not kosher with this company , or maybe just this location .
she 's a superstar deluxe !
at this point we were so frustrated that we decided to leave .
the management did n't care when i brought this to their attention .
i love their shellac !
think i found my new favorite dish .
great staff .
not great atmosphere in a little strip mall would not return .
i will be back for a treat .
the food is fresh and tastes amazing !
the cake had amazing flavor and looked exactly like we asked for !
this is one of my favorite places in all of phoenix .
great variety in dishes , awesome service , and fantastic atmosphere .
and the workers are all super friendly !
i am very happy with the end product .
my _num_ boneless chicken breasts were perfectly uniform under a mushroom sauce .
its not worth it .
`` i liked this place .
the food was mediocre at best .
so , i give you all zizzo 's .
all the reviews about her are right on point !
rooms are clean and staff is very friendly .
the employees at this store have attitude .
literally , everything is so good .
overall , none of us will be returning to this place !
great service .
lasagna was a strange overly salty cheesy mess .
i will definitely use dodge electric again .
but there is also a reason why i suppose .
the person who took the order was not interested nor patient .
it 's just got a good vibe to it .
make your own breakfast burrito is a good value .
food did not taste fresh at all .
i pulled up a chair and stayed for a while watching a basketball game .
one man , most likely the owner , doing everything .
friendly service .
you 'll like this place , i assure you .
new to the neighborhood , and we will definitely visit again .
but i have no idea how they can call these the best rib 's .
maria previously cleaned my house , and she 's also wonderful .
the bread is amazing !
this last time , our service was just terrible !
avoid .
if you life thai food , you definitely love this place .
the problem is the rudeness of the staff there .
it 's good .
this place is definitely a new favorite !
had an amazing sushi dinner tonight at ra in old town .
stay away from these folks .
all in all i will never go back !
so cute !
the people here are extremely helpful and friendly .
the salad had a horrible fish smell and tasted even worst .
stopped in for lunch and was surprised by how tasty everything was .
highly recommend it !
the staff was both curious and friendly .
good variety of delicious food .
a second one delivered was as bad .
i went over all the details over the phone in making the appt .
we have only eaten inside once and i 'd rather just take it home .
wow .
great environment and nice location !
it 's standard chinese hole-in-the-wall fare , which is n't a bad thing .
unfortunately the music is way _num_ loud when you get in .
service , value , pace of play are _num_ star !
just one thing it is small and quaint .
will go back again and again !
we got the spaghetti special for pretty cheap but it really was n't special .
worst red chili mix burro , ever !
i also had the hot chocolate , it was perfect on a chilly morning .
the service was terrible .
very refreshing , to find an honest vet that you can trust .
ummm ... not so much .
my wife had the seabass ... great flavor slightly crusted awesome !
the sauce was so overwhelming i almost forgot i was eating an enchilada .
nothing fancy nor exceptional ... .
but none was delivered .
it 's pretty good , very fresh .
great family style italian .
very clean bathrooms .
well done lon 's !
pam is a great manager and lee keeps it spotless .
great atmosphere , good food , and good service .
if i could give it negative stars i would .
good service , convenient location and great food !
great company you can trust !
always a good time !
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .
could say more , but why bother !
i stopped him to ask questions and he was condescending and impatient .
do n't bring your car here for anything other than an oil change .
i 'm so glad i found this place !
it was appalling .
but fortunately , the staff took care of that quickly .
awesome service great prices will always come back .
also , she sold me a sleeping bra that is awful .
at _num_ i ordered online .
this bar is a complete waste of time .
but she said no .
this is an excellent place for breakfast .
now i feel great and rarely need to be seen .
the lounge is open until _num_ and the wine selection is great .
one of the worst hotel experiences of my life .
never any apologies and what 's worst no one seemed to care .
nothing good to say and spent over _num_ feel burned .
huge disappointment !
it makes me sad .
i had the prime rib and it was like butter .
friendly staff , shuffle board and happy hour on saturday .
what a surprise !
the salmon and orange chicken were fantastic .
it 's uneven all over .
also the crazy roll is amazing !
option _num_ .
me and the boyfriend did not like the food as much .
george is a most gracious host and is very proud of his restaurant .
the place looks like it needs a major makeover .
took _num_ minutes to get one kid 's sandwich .
awesome !
my boyfriend and i moved here from la .
they did a great job on my nails & price was very reasonable .
a frozen burrito probably would have been better than the food we had .
talk about customer service !
they are not sausage rolls anymore but _num_ or _num_ slices of one .
really great find and a _num_ min walk from the w hotel .
very professional .
thanks for a great job .
had to go track down the server to get our bill .
that is not the way we know them to be made .
during my visit i had a blast at an epic party .
their staff was so friendly and i immediately loved all the amenities offered .
relaxed efficient service .
the long anticipated review of chances are .
will not be going back here ever again .
prices are competitive , and customer service is average .
nice little shop to stop and and have a bit of ice cream .
looking forward to working with justin and the team again in the future !
if you like a dark room , this is not your place .
i thought the value was awesome and the food tasted yummy !
pretty hard to beat that !
great wings and drinks .
everyone is drinking and having a good time .
all of my plants and trees are doing great .
failure to honor the breakfast package .
real ny style .
love this place .
thus was overall a horrible experience .
for that , i walked away .
it 's not like he even had to walk there .
so bad birthday and hair experience !
our waitress was very engaging and made some wonderful recommendations !
the `` big ass '' burger was delicious i would recommend that to anyone .
best thai place in old town scottsdale .
just uncomfortable .
this is always a fun place to come in and have a brew .
also , most of their menu items are n't really that healthy .
the diner style food was good , and i would recommend the hash browns .
waited _num_ minutes for the check , .
that makes no sense whatsoever .
i just love elements .
but our service was the worst i have ever had .
we especially like the fun decorations when they are running specials !
i 'm not sure why i 'm giving it _num_ stars instead of _num_ .
they have delivered in a timely fashion .
i asked for honor and she said no .
do n't get me wrong .
however , this was the worst massage i 've ever had .
the bar serves up great martinis !
seriously , do not take your clothing to them !
if you value your money and dont waste your time dining here .
he took it back and the 2nd time it was perfect .
still out $ _num_ plus not including original procedure .
such a terrible company .
jennifer was only concerned for herself and not my cat .
cool atmosphere and nice outdoor area .
i can tell you that lon 's treated us like celebrities .
fresh vegetables & fruits at reasonable prices .
the service sucks , management is terrible .
this has been a must stop for years but no longer .
nasty apartments .
so i went inside anyways and could n't believe how expensive their dishes are .
it is nothing special .
we like that it is a small dive bar and located near out house .
so gross .
customer service should always be foremost ... !
the food was over priced and not anything like mexican food .
the inside has a nice ambience ; great authentic feel .
what a mistake .
this facility is amazing !
they had great time !
both times we 've been seated quickly , and received our order promptly .
good service , good quality .
one of my top _num_ favorite mexican food restaurants .
i have had the bike for about _num_ months and love it .
the menu was overwhelming .
horrible customer service .
i am a regular and never tire of this wonderful restaurant .
thanks for the great food and the outstanding service !
ick .
this it 's pretty ridiculous .
its low key and fun and always full of interesting people .
service was amazing and quick .
i was starving , and driving by one day , and needed a bite .
the wait time was dumb .
i ordered two shredded beef tacos and at first glance , they looked alright .
not a place i will go back !
no thanks .
sadly in need of an update .
do not eat at this place .
the room was spacious but no way worth the price .
i highly recommend chris cooper and the midas scottsdale auto shop .
wish we knew that they had bar food _num_ yards past the steakhouse .
just about every single order we have put in for delivery has been wrong .
my service was great and the drinks were full all night .
i saved money and got a great education on maintenance and more .
for $ _num_ mani/pedi i would definitely suggest you go somewhere else .
he simply stated he would talk to her .
an absolute waste of time .
beautiful healthy plants sold by a very knowledgeable and helpful staff .
did n't even say hello .
excellent hem done quickly and beautifully !
i will not recommend them to any of my friends .
papago brewing company is beyond wonderful !
so rude .
please be advised , the store is not cheap !
and no refunds for the tickets they bought !
greasy hard shell tacos , they sucked .
ugh .
i went to them to correct the bill , which they realized the mistake .
i love this place !
margarita nothing special but was $ _num_ .
gilbert road self storage is the best !
overnight i see that the price has gone up a dollar .
worth every penny though .
i went here until i realized it was a scam .
for being in old town it should be better .
tom and his staff are extremely knowledgeable and professional .
it 's a very relaxed atmosphere , the staff have always been friendly .
we have been waiting for them to fix our a/c for over a week .
they make you feel comfortable and ease your anxiety .
great service .
i highly recommend them .
overall great experience with the service and everything !
her personality was the same as cardboard .
possibly the best restaurant around !
chicken tacos had bland chicken and came on crunchy shells , which was unexpected .
also , great service !
the required resort fee is a joke .
food and service elegant and excellant .
thank you .
lobster is delicious , so is the garlic shrimp !
check schedule for frequent live music .
the food is n't clean .
_num_ minutes after our reservation time we were finally seated .
i would recommend this place to anyone !
unfortunately tonight , that was not the case !
totally overrated .
cool mexico atmosphere .
kyoto hit the spot !
the people are super nice .
even the coffee was good .
she looked through my pictures and listened to what i liked .
huge selection - huge fail in customer service .
scam , inflated prices , work not done on time .
i will definitely be coming back here when i need new tires for sure .
the air conditioning unit in the room is old and noisy .
they 're always perfectly done and have a crust that 's just right .
no further explanation .
bad move .
customer service is horrible , and their prices are well above internet pricing .
such a bad experience today !
but , the service was the worst i have ever had .
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .
the happy hour deals are great !
they were prompt at getting someone out to my house , thank you .
cowboy ciao is overall well rounded .
i love the good egg .
its also not a very clean park .
when i got to the terminal , i called again .
the store is well organized and the produce always seems fresh .
omelets and pancakes were great .
very little to no pain involved in the actual procedure .
avoid sunday football , not well set up for breakfast or coffee .
this has to be one of the best fusion combos i have ever had .
so sour taste write off the bat ... then the prices .
burgers are dry , food taste stale including the fries .
not so !
amazing .
the _num_ % is hella grumpy .
great service .
slow .
the coffee is the best !
in fact i love everything i have ever tasted here .
i highly recommend !
pretty good .
the male staff , on the other hand , has to wear santa hats .
with the new management , this place has become a lot less awesome .
two of us had the fresh snapper tacos and really enjoyed them .
very very good !
debbie the office manager has a great staff that attended to all my needs .
no flavor , no heat .
love this place , great customer service !
stay away , theres many more places that appreciate there customers .
it was slimy because of the grease and the dough was undercooked .
their service is always timely and affordable .
she rocks ... .
why go back ?
a nice find and one you could keep secret please to enjoy !
best pizza in old town .
love this place !
i love this place .
i just walked out of this place because the waiter completely ignored me .
i am such a freak for this place ... .
they scream and yell at people and have absolutely no respect for people .
horrible work .
love this place .
great service and friendly staff !
great dive bar !
great lunch spot .
she was cold .
awesome !
i love their potstickers , crab cake salad and of course the margaritas !
great service .
when i questioned the bartender , she was over the top rude and nasty .
trust me , that will ruin your day .
it 's a keeper !
outside of the patio , not much to attract me to this place .
it just was n't acceptable .
they fell to measure up to my puppy needs once he became ill .
awesome food , awesome drinks , awesome staff .
smoothies are always good during the hot summer months .
they also gave free garlic rolls with the order .
this place is only for cocktails on the patio for the nice local .
overall , their seafood tastes old and fishy .
pastas are good , pizza is good , salads are good .
, to name a few shows we have seen here .
after countless efforts of talking to her she did not really fix the issue .
have found some great gems for some awesome prices .
i 've given this place _num_ chances .
they really put effort into new years eve .
great full service shop .
everything is always great .
everything went wrong !
he opted to pick up the car with nothing but the oil change done .
she always goes out of her way to make sure we are happy .
she literally just stared at me and said `` you pay now '' .
the music in the background was awesome .
a bit pricey , but , worth it .
it started off bad .
ten minutes later , a couple is seated there .
coffee is perfect .
great donuts !
i am a plumber , asshole .
it was surprising and very touching .
great food and entertainment .
do n't wear heels to this place .
food was awesome and service was great .
i only wish there was a manager i could have spoken too .
love this place !
their green bean fries and bread are amazing .
great wine list with some excellent selections by the glass .
oh my gosh , this place is amazing !
big mistake , it could of been the beginning of a horror movie .
five of us enjoyed a casual and wonderful dinner at blue adobe .
just do n't get it .
staff has always been quick , friendly , and very welcoming .
$ _num_ , what a scam !
no malt vinegar .
tasty and authentic food .
the owner is very nice and friendly and so is the staff .
the mojitos were amazing .
she did an okay job with the cuticles , but nothing special .
we split a homemade flan to top off the meal and it was fantastic .
really disappointing .
never again will i go to this place .
check it out next time you need a cool gift .
you will love this place .
i do like tasty burgers .
stupid me .
it 's partially my own fault .
he loves being there .
apparently they do n't split checks .
absolutely would not recommend this clinic if you care for your animals .
friggin idiots .
no other establishment has given me an issue when i bring my coffee in .
that burrito burned all the way down .
they have had nothing but a great experience while learning there .
rude customer service .
she is fun to talk to , and does a wonderful job .
i would recommend this trip .
complete bs .
i absolutely love love love sephora !
what a relief to know my children actually want to go to school !
this will be a _num_ and no more for us .
not long after our food comes .
i recommend the sampler appetizer .
loved everything about this hotel and resort .
good fast service .
the problem is the kitchen .
my son eats strawberries everyday , i could n't pass it up !
very disappointing in the quality and flavor of the food .
the comedians were good ( some were great ) overall .
when we mentioned it , the hostess looked confused , but took it away .
they 're always friendly and efficient , even when they 're busy .
probably the worst italian food i 've ever had at a restaurant .
great place in the heat of old town scottsdale .
love this place !
are you kidding me ?
great place !
great job .
: ) great service !
the corn tortillas were sooo dry and chewy .
my experience was good so i came back when i purchased my new car .
adam is one of the very many reasons i keep coming back .
very disgusting !
me : excuse me , this should have whipped cream and a cherry .
best homemade italian food !
there was no extra cheese .
this is a quaint place for lunch .
get new staff , they were just terrible !
the ambience is great - nice and relaxed .
the service is definitely fast and friendly and the prices are exceptionally reasonable .
wow !
he is highly professional , well spoken , and does a great job .
friendly service .
great food at a reasonable price !
these guys are the epitome of your friendly neighborhood honest business .
best mexican i have had in old town .
a new company took over in january and are horrible !
would not eat here again .
will always be a favorite for sure !
our server was friendly and attentive and kept our water glass filled .
food was n't terrible but not good either .
the food is unhealthy , deep fried and cheap .
yum yum yum !
the customer is not always right here , go elsewhere !
great hearty midwest breakfast in chandler .
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .
great fish & chips !
the outdoor seating was perfect .
terrible service with very unfriendly waitresses and staff .
the staff is awful .
is n't that why we take dresses like that to a dry cleaners ?
i 'm not a fan .
the excuse for raw chicken was that they were `` in a hurry . ''
five stars , easy !
nancy the bar tender was awesome and the food is fantastic !
the third time and pei wei is officially dead to me .
it 's not bad at all .
i love their fish tacos and texas burritos .
you might even lose me .
will not be back ever again .
presentation was unique and the staff was quite friendly !
fred is personable and pleasant to work with .
the listed price is the price and then the regular taxes and fees .
great vibes , great service , great reading !
the room was fine , but i would n't rave about it .
everyone i encountered and spoke with was friendly and courteous .
great costumer service and clean environment .
the room was smelly , musty and obvious cigarette smoke .
well worth it !
food was delicious .
run , do n't walk away !
even more reason not to return !
so yummy !
i believe if he did nothing wrong , he can show me his id .
the ride attendants were fun and engaging with the children for the most part .
the malbec by the glass was also very good .
ton of fries with my sandwich and the sandwich was pretty good !
best ever !
i enjoyed working with him and would recommend this agency to any client .
food took a little long but everything came out fantastic .
the food is also delicious , my favorite is the bbq pizza .
really good pork wings and fish tacos .
we also got a large pepperoni pizza which came out nice and hot !
eclectic decor , good food , and reasonable drinks .
good breakfast not the best i 've ever had but pretty good .
the bummer was no beverage cart when we played saturday and it was _num_ .
coleslaw was the worst i have ever had !
no salads either .
great menu .
got to love that place .
it all looks good , but again , the price is too high .
they are better off taking the propane out since the service is none existent .
dustin is an absolute hit .
cowboy ciao is one of my favorite scottsdale restaurants .
thanks again !
i sat down at a table and started browsing through the menu .
badly .
leave a message .
usually never have a bad experience here , usually really nice girls .
dr johnson and his staff are fantastic .
half the price .
it 's always had a really laid back atmosphere .
desert peaks has now been crossed off our list .
heck , she did n't even tell me the total !
are you kidding me ?
service was very good .
i do n't know how i can trust this dealership .
customer service was awesome , the food was fantastic .
i love this store and the knowledge of the employees .
one of my favorite places in the valley .
for _num_ minutes of face time and exam .
i effing hate this place !
extremely friendly .
this store has an `` f '' rating with the bbb .
all in all a pretty mediocre experience .
this is a must for anyone wanting a tasty southwestern breakfast in scottsdale .
thank you guys so much !
recommend to everyone !
i had a good time walking off my food baby .
would you put your feet on the table where a master chef is working ?
food is shockingly good for the place it is .
being from out of town and getting such poor food was so disappointing !
they came with a generous amount of bacon , too .
this place is awesome !
the staff was very friendly and very professional .
unless you do n't care what your clothes look like , save yourself .
i gave the bartender ( nj name plate ) $ _num_ .
the margaritas are good and the food is delicious .
terrible .
everything was fresh and the service was great .
the restaurant is full of energy , comfortable , and the food is great .
go to this restaurant !
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .
i had the carne adovada and it was delicious .
they were trying to help go thru a home warranty company but that failed .
the pizza a pretty good deal considering the quality .
they did n't do anything with the water heater .
what a wonderful scenic view of some of the best az desert .
i love this office !
salt cellar is stuck in the past and in need of a makeover .
the upgraded apartments are not actually upgraded they just make it look that way .
it is just ok .
the service is awful .
this was the best i have ever had !
sat there for _num_ hours with my new born in a dirty waiting room .
too long ; did n't read ?
the atmosphere is really charming and the waitstaff are really friendly .
came here earlier tonight during a storm after seeing the yelp reviews .
i live _num_ miles from the location .
nothing has changed in decades and i love it that way .
i generally like this location , however today the staff changed that .
the director is involved and holds high expectations .
a chandler tradition !
i got hooked on the food .
i wish i could give a good review but i really ca n't .
my favorite pizza place in town .
just roast beef , cheese and jalapeno sour cream it comes with .
i went to complete vacuum , and it was horrible .
wow , such a great place .
it has a nice but small museum .
amazing customer service .
i will definitely be back !
out of the _num_ people at the house nobody could eat the food .
another person at the table sent his food back because it arrived cold !
the fresh baked on site bread is amazing !
_num_ days later we received a bill for $ _num_ for damaged carpets .
this store is great .
very poor service .
second , the service has always been great .
good food and portions ... .
best thing that has happened to me since i moved to az !
a few colleagues and i enjoyed dinner here .
from the moment we walked in - there was a lack of attention .
great customer service .
such a beautiful property !
the bacon looked like dried strips of hard leather .
she truly makes you feel at home at this bar .
a good crowd was on hand , despite the dust storm warning .
good selection of food and the prices .
the furniture is unique and comfortable .
they were really good and i would definitely order again .
i am not plus sized but i 'm also not a size _num_ .
i travel for business all then time and this was not handled correctly .
i typically only leave reviews if my experience is positive .
so gross .
i 'm someone who loves large portions for breakfast and this place truly delivers .
i have a completely different look and i love it .
we came here after dinner , to continue our date night .
this year he helped save my life .
these days , all pizza is not worth the money .
the pizza came about _num_ or so minutes later and it was so good !
it is quiet and i always feel safe .
the entire staff was friendly , prompt , and efficient .
breakfast foods are great .
we 'd love to bring our three daughters and their significant others !
wise up .
it 's a shop filled with something for everyone .
great music , interesting people for people watching and great service .
open seats in the bar are few & far between !
i 've eaten here twice and just honestly not a fan .
no greeting .
it was very quiet and the pool was very refreshing .
great service from scott .
get in there and enjoy !
neat , clean and always well stocked .
they overcharged me and my tattoo was gone one week after getting it done .
we threw everything away after a couple of bites .
the museum is beautifully designed and kept .
hubby saw online that they were having a black friday in lawn and garden .
love the rotating art in the space also .
the procedure was quick and the staff does an excellent job communicating about everything .
big mistake !
amazing customer service !
the sunday brunch is very nice as well .
aj 's has some of the prettiest flowers around town right now in stock .
the location is nice - a lot of people watching opportunity .
will always come when we visit arizona !
there are lots of other options as well , including pastas and seafood .
-- and the friendly personal service -- and the rubber stamp store next door !
i ca n't even finish this review i am getting so irritated !
the place was totally empty at like 8pm on a friday night .
piper was nowhere to be seen most of the time .
the place was not busy at all .
i love the tri tip kabob plate with the rice .
i ca n't remember the last time i had pizza and disliked my meal .
i ordered a margarita calzone and the toppings cost $ _num_ .
the staff has always been friendly , and prompt to fill my prescriptions .
me : okay , thanks .
but when it came down to sitting down , there was no booth .
so if your not paying attention your probably over tipping .
it was truly a pleasure to work with everyone there !
thanks from your friendly pest guy you see in the morning .
rice is not right either .
that 's good food .
it is a cute little facility with a very calm , cute hospital cat .
they hardly mix the ice cream and its run by a bunch of kids .
i probably wo n't go there again .
they could bat a home run but fail to even get on base .
i have been here three times and left angry each time .
this is a good place to go to find something different .
i even got called `` buddy '' which is plain insulting in that situation .
there is something seriously wrong with this man .
happy hour here is great .
went back after a couple of years and still loved it .
does the pasta come with sauce ?
food was average but the service was terrible !
this place has the best customer service .
he always manages to make it look brand new .
one bad visit and then we waited a few months to try again .
the beans were crusty and had no flavor .
the pepsi and the side came with the signature combo at no extra charge .
the pizza came out amazing .
boring .
strange , but they were n't horrible .
this is one of our go to places for mexican food .
i would definitely recommend shopping here .
great customer service , and my car came out nice and clean .
the waitress seemed nice and the service was good .
it is very clear this business holds itself up to the highest of standards .
the view is amazing , the ambiance is relaxed .
this place is fun to go hang out and drink a couple .
but , let 's face it , life 's too short to be miserable .
area were i for my set put on was dirty from a past client .
good , inexpensive , authentic mexican eats .
not cool !
they have very attentive sales associates and carry a nice selection of items .
perfect !
did a great job .
worst company ever .
a lot of their food does n't taste good .
lots of candy , snacks , ice cream , beverages , and so on !
great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting .
they are a used clothing store , and _num_ .
the pizza was horrible .
i am actually really sad .
the service is good and so is the ambiance .
servers are attentive and friendly unlike many other comedy clubs i 've been to .
the upstairs had a small dance club and the dj was pretty good .
love the food , good service- if you want great thai , come here !
the staff is also exceptional !
very good ice cream sundays .
this place is my go-to every weekend .
i was shocked on how good the pizza was .
this place is crap !
our new breakfast burrito spot .
this is my go to place for the best italian food in the valley .
ordered the chicken sandwich and was incredibly pleased !
the place had nice ambiance with a wonderful sweet mesquite aroma .
i was very pleasantly surprised !
we 're in for a wine tasting and it has been amazing .
penske took wonderful care of my car .
if i go back i might try the thai salad or something different .
there was a tea party area and a little salon area .
thank you james !
staff always remembers me and goes above and beyond for service .
will explain the work in detail .
we had a great time .
i love dive bars .
mark kia could have at least done an oil change before selling the car .
everything was delicious and the view fantastic .
a few hours after i got home i felt awful .
what a fake establishment !
i 'll definitely be back .
amazing service , full explanation of the problem and very professional !
this is one of the best restaurants i have ever been to .
in short i had the best omelette of my life .
this scottsdale institution is epic in every way .
female bartender was very rude .
really run down .
i have never been disappointed with the quality of my food .
very good california burrito !
i want subtle garlic as i would like to taste other flavors .
quick and easy !
doug the manager was so great to work with in planning my 30th birthday .
do yourself a favor and skip this venue .
we saw lots if wildlife , thank you everyone at the dolly steamboat .
great place for happy hour with an awesome patio !
make sure you take some extra bbq sauce with you !
one of the best breakfast spots in the phoenix metro area !
i highly recommend this place .
everything was fine until something in your apartment breaks and needs to be fixed .
the pizza , ribs and gooey butter cake are phenomenal .
the curries were very good , service good , a very pleasant experience .
we sat at the bar and the bartender was very rude .
this is a very good local deli .
love the products .
i love the rice that ones with the combo .
excellent restaurant with a high end comfort food menu that really hits the mark !
not impressed and i wo n't be back .
i was sick and did n't show up , which i called and apologized .
double love it .
i would definitely come here again .
not a charm .
wo n't go to any restaurant that has less that _num_ stars .
the setting is very well done and festive .
the problem is nothing was good .
best of the best again !
philly cheese steaks mediocre .
if they do do this , that was n't explained .
let 's count the ways in which the marquee theater sucks .
will definitely revisit and highly recommend .
that ca n't be right , or sanitary .
also lots of groceries to take home with you .
they are always so sweet and helpful .
i would definitely recommend this to other visitors in the area .
always get the drink right .
staff is always friendly and helpful .
very relaxing experience .
and the heated pecan pie with gelato , to die for !
the chicken and beef meats look almost identical and basically taste the same .
i was at work , but my wife was home .
the outside area was relatively quiet and a good place to talk .
the food , however , was not up to usual cpk standards .
forget the lettuce for my to go lettuce wraps once , shame on you .
the service , for the most part , was friendly and efficient .
great atmosphere , great service , and outstanding food .
such good deals !
great place !
super friendly !
shipping & supplies - fast delivery !
long wait .
it is always a good time but it can be expensive .
they appreciate their customers and it shows .
how do you screw up a baked potato ?
tonight was a disaster from the moment i walked in .
designer dresses and priced awesome !
we had an awesome filet mignon salad , meatball sliders , and wonderful desserts .
rolls : we did n't finish most of the rolls .
unfortunately , rosita 's had none to offer .
would it kill them to turn on the ac ?
i love the chorizo !
great service .
false advertising !
i just feel that the food here is mediocre .
very basic & overall , tasteless .
i found several perfectly regal items and got out for less than $ _num_ !
the bonus is the service .
they catered at my sisters wedding !
always fresh and great service .
ok , so they are a bit focused .
the produce is very fresh , and at a great price .
maybe i missed something here , but i was n't impressed .
ate here last night with my husband for dinner .
she was beyond rude , my lady was even rolling her eyes .
best of all we had leftovers for the next day .
give this place a shot and get a blast from the past .
friendly knowledgeable staff always willing to answer questions when you go in .
prices are good and are even better with the culture pass from the library .
very unique music talent .
not particularly friendly or fast .
i would recommend not just paying them but go over your statement .
that 's not good enough .
i highly recommend this and the other breads they offer .
the lamb korma is great , the chicken masala great as well .
very professional and competent and friendly .
and for the most part crap bands play here .
i could not believe the poor service and how long it took .
the veggie was better tasting than the pepperoni and i 'm not a vegetarian .
moldy bread was served then replaced .
the service is a-ok but the food i 'm definitely a fan of !
just hurry left instead .
very affordable and they do an awesome job .
the manager is ever more rude !
this was a wonderful little throw back !
the host that walked us to the table and left without a word .
i got the bill and they charged me $ _num_ for _num_ hot dogs .
we ordered a cornbread for the table that was delicious .
ordered cajun chicken salad but got the buffalo chicken instead .
the wines are always superb and the list changes monthly .
all i can say is that i left this place utterly confused .
i then asked to speak to the general manager and he was not available .
the cowboy meatloaf was the first dish i had and it was perfect !
anyone we tell that has n't already come in loves it once they do .
stay tuned to their website for saturday events as well !
awesome place .
if u want a great breakfast and nice drinks go here .
seriously , my baked stuffed shrimp was overcooked .
first thing first , i 'm from chicago ; i love ra .
the corona was bubbly and the lime was covered in bubbly goodness !
good service .
it did n't matter , though .
the owner and his daughter are wonderful .
the meatballs were excellent and it had plenty of gooey cheese inside .
people seem less than friendly here and sorry to say have attitude .
great service and friendly atmosphere .
they were dry and no sauce was included with the sticks .
the massage chairs are nice too .
crazy bread is always a nice addition .
anything you get will be good .
the food is always fresh , the wine selection expansive and the service impeccable .
it 's football heaven for fans .
then someone comes and does not even great us .
for convenience staying at the hotel ... just go have breakfast .
place is too small .
this store is awesome !
go to pei wei and have the same food for less money .
i hate the parking .
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .
for a restaurant located in old scottsdale i would expect better .
a must see when ever you are in scottsdale .
ra is fun with groups , big or small .
who wants to be around someone after eating raw onions -- gross !
she pays close attention to detail and listens to what i want .
i will definitely be back every time i need something altered .
very good creamy ice cream and tasty caramel .
turns out they had n't even looked at my car yet .
awesome staff !
the staff there is always very nice !
ribs were awesome as always , my wife 's salmon was cooked perfect .
great place .
it was also hard to wash my hair because of the low water pressure .
the ribs and the great beans are great too .
my kids and i love the bagels here .
thanks !
i hope to visit again !
food is great , portions are huge , & good prices .
horrible service !
the worst part ... extra , extra , extra .
ready for my two cents ?
i do n't know how they have a lot of good reviews .
it 's the best sushi in the east valley .
everything was great the outside patio the drinks , service and food !
that said , they were n't awful - but simply nothing memorable .
our wedding was perfect thanks to you !
very slow service .
but the whole staff should be fired .
one of the best cheese steak subs ever !
pecan grilled items steaks , ribs , fish are also always good .
first _num_ _num_ times clothing was cleaned well .
it is always fresh and very good .
this a great antique store .
our service was good , even on a friday night .
happy hour every day , twice a day .
i love the location .
the employees were n't even doing anything wrong .
the man knows hair .
my friend and i booked _num_ back to back combo tours .
my family and i just moved to the area and needed a new dentist .
( i loved paying those bills ! )
we walked in and the place was empty .
the bad : the cheese ... .
very nice facility .
if i could give this venue zero stars , i would .
there is usually a line , especially after 4pm but it moves pretty quick .
much more pleasant to shop there now .
this is the best chuck e cheese around .
gets a little crowded but that 's because it 's good .
i got the `` oh , ok '' but i was skeptical .
only a few chips and out of the bottle salsa for starters ?
shift manager was an asshole .
amazing , and local .
let someone else get hired that wants to work .
_num_ other tables had already eaten and were finishing up .
went back to the staff and asked for my money back .
their appetizers and drinks were great .
raintree pet resort is simply amazing !
the meal was great and had to take home a lot of food .
then our meeting with the director who was a lovely young lady michelle .
wo n't be going back .
i have now been twice and both times walked out with nothing .
i was extremely pleased with my experience .
granola and yogurt infused with honey are homemade .
will definitely be back !
i 've never had a more terrible customer experience .
starting back in _num_ when we were on a vacation here from chicago .
it really was the perfect day .
however , the service , unfortunately , could not be any worse !
best thai food in the greater phoenix area without a doubt !
wow , this place is incredible .
the sauces are awesome .
this pharmacy is terrible .
i make this spot a regular stop .
got half of a sliced up chicken breast .
we always can expect great service and full stomachs .
it was not bad food .
i tried this place twice before the remodel and the food was not good .
staff is friendly and love the cafe downstairs .
i went there on halloween night .
not enough to even taste .
other than that , the receptionists are the rudest in the world .
no bill .
what a waste of $ _num_ .
find great deals here .
we have been going here the last few years and will continue going back .
was at the phoenician for a meeting and it was excellent .
well worth it .
it 's a step above pf changs with a lower price .
very friendly staff also !
will definitely keep me coming back .
i am pregnant and did not feel like standing in a packed bar .
these are the best gyros in arizona !
great work guys !
i 've been here before and today was different .
the chocolate cake for dessert was impressive !
great pie , pretty good service .
good selection of beers from all over the world plus local and regional brews .
they were positively mushy inside , and had both hot and cold spots .
i would advise anyone and everyone to avoid this safeway at all cost .
we called room service for towels and it took _num_ minutes to bring them .
i have definitely found my new stylist ; she is great !
got the beef wellington which was epic .
it has a nice atmosphere as well , and seems very family oriented .
i am a fan and i will be back .
the texture was just weird .
both were good .
so many great choices of meats , cheeses , salads , desserts etc .
but we really could have gone without .
this was terrible customer service and could have very easily been a non issue .
they have a large assortment of stuff so theres always stuff available to use .
see , i have been here twice before and the service has been awful .
they took another _num_ minutes to get those .
the owners have sadly not maintained the restaurant or updated the menu .
i ca n't make it to that location but i respect the extra effort !
service sucks and they are dishonest .
the plate was covered in a mountain of rice and junk .
the scottsdale center for the performing arts is a gorgeous venue .
trinkets galore .
the play was dingy and the service was slow with overpriced sugary goodies .
it seems like the quality has dipped and the prices have gone up ?
what a shame to have been to this store .
i will not be returning again .
( go in with low expectations i guess ? )
pretty sad , nowhere near the hype .
pretty much all food was great .
really enjoyed my meal here , also has great comfortable atmosphere !
all yummy !
lol i do n't think so .
it 's very welcoming and makes you feel right at home .
i also enjoyed that it was inside an actual italian market .
love the sushi .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !
really good spot for breakfast in scottsdale .
great service , really interesting brunch menu .
can not find a worse place to eat within _num_ miles .
so worth it though !
great little neighborhood bar and grill .
overall we enjoy kona for their crab crunch rolls , calamari and potstickers !
then we moved onto the entrees .
unbelievably authentic and well priced .
everybody i 've brought here has a great experience as well .
the restaurant itself was beautiful and had a wonderful atmosphere .
fantastic products , incredible prices , great people .
luckily , it 's still under warranty so it will be fixed .
i love how it feels like a small town diner .
the owner george is one of the coolest and nicest guys you will meet .
classic tempe location should not be confused with quality food .
give it a try !
dance lessons .
cheap ass drinks could n't make up for it .
well flavored with our being over done .
really cute place ... .
i cut my chimichanga in half and take a bite of my food .
totally not my favorite place to go .
happy hour on friday and saturday is from 10pm to midnight .
the office staff is friendly & helpful and appointments are easy to schedule .
do n't eat here .
the greek salad was delicious and generous in size for a moderate price .
service was excellent .
some seriously tasty pizza .
they work with you and are always willing to help .
i love the orange table and you will too ... .
everything is so fresh , and put together so nicely .
the wine selection was very good .
it 's delicious !
the free valet parking , the service , and view is just the beginning .
they are very helpful as well !
thank you for the fantastic service and care !
oh , i almost forgot , i had the clam chowder .
the hotel itself gets zero stars .
totally loved having our wedding on the dolly ... what a great experience .
always delicious .
i will be there with my girls ... woohoo !
my husband and i sat on their front patio for happy hour .
the staff is amazing and food is always fresh .
food was excellent as always .
i would not return and at these prices , they should be ashamed .
i will always be grateful to susan and her staff .
this is the best ny style pizza i have had .
friendly service and great food .
two thumbs up .
bring lots of eater and sunscreen and food and snacks !
i strongly recommend it .
the drink girl said last call at noon with an 11:30 tee time .
the people watching is the best since the location is right off camelback .
some of the finest thai food in the valley .
quick , friendly service .
this is a cool spot .
the service is great .
slow , and unprofessional , and in no way hospitable .
highly recommend .
do not get a car here !
new health dental is wonderful .
this was a great restaurant in old town scottsdale .
a must to eat here .
the salads were even bad .
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
highly recommended !
this night , at this location , our service was outstanding .
this place is amazing !
the hollandaise was creamy with just a hint of citrus tart .
all in all it was not what i expected .
we had our follow up appt today & everyone again was so very nice .
sparkling wine + cranberry juice .
the place was very clean and i liked the artwork and decor .
terrible !
the park looks like they need to do some major renovations .
no one friendly or legit .
these guys are super professional and get the job done .
i moved here four years ago and wanted a good mexican place .
best chocolate cake , apple fritters , cinnamon rolls and donut holes ever .
amazingly terrible service .
service was great !
pizza is a little below average , i think .
do yourself a favor ... avoid jerry .
it 's small , yet very lively .
we will definitely be back !
really cool and historical place .
the inside looked pretty clean but there were spots that were just completely ignored .
the food is great and the service was impeccable .
i told them several times to cut them down & they would n't .
if the blood work came back normal , they would need to do x-rays .
it was quite strong too .
the staff is so friendly and helpful .
i love chandler eyecare !
i 'll take it .
vca emergency was amazing !
came back the next day we loved it so much .
the bartenders are friendly and deliver great service .
when i went back with my wife , the treatment was completely different .
thank you so much bill !
she also got the order wrong .
service was friendly and prompt .
wow !
really one of the best places i 've been to .
in addition , make sure that you try their coffee .
this should be the last place on your list to look at .
definitely the kind of place i enjoy supporting .
service left something to be desired .
very sweet .
the decor is an old library mixed with a rundown dive bar .
trustworthy and knowledgable !
i 'm glad i found this ( thanks to yelp !
tortilla freshly made .
what am i , chopped liver ?
wow i am impressed every dish i tried was was wonderful .
we celebrated my girlfriends birthday with our kids .
so far , great customer service .
this dillard 's location is very nice .
bottom line i would never go here again !
and leftovers as well !
able to accommodate me .
this place is wonderful the food is great and the service was top notch .
they also have a nice drink menu and an extensive wine list .
served me raw chicken .
it has free wifi .
i would not go walking around at night .
but their inventory was questionable !
i always go see tony and love his work .
both were delicious .
and the food made me sick as a dog .
i always get amazing food here .
got very good service here .
food is very fresh and amazing !
she took the item off and did not even acknowledge the long wait .
yes , this is very important .
i am never going here again .
jeff helped me get quality products into my car at a good price .
bad customer service .
worth the wait on the weekends .
these guys care about their craft and love talking bikes .
their garden salad is generous .
the worst customer experience ever !
so i sat down and waited ... and waited ... and waited .
definitely a good lunch restaurant .
worst customer service practice i 've ever encountered .
this place is a little gem !
overall , not a great experience and we wo n't be back .
dr. g and her staff are so amazing and friendly !
the green chile burritos were so flavorful and the sauce was amazing !
poor customer service .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .
ai n't no way lol .
rude staff .
christopher was on top of it !
go every year , always a blast !
they carry the best products ( aveda ) .
the platter was massive and well presented however the cheeses were boring .
get rid of the gift shop and hang more art !
the food was excellent .
cool spot , very helpful and friendly salespeople .
very meticulous !
this place has a nice relaxed feel .
but , we never did get to try that pizza !
good food and drinks but just a tad pricy for the portions .
i love this place !
do yourself a favor and make sure to try their food !
a quality experience .
it 's a first class event .
the best place for chinese cuisine in the phoenix metro area .
we sat outside and the patio was just perfect .
yes , i do n't care if i pick up a pig .
excellent delivery chinese food .
we love to come as a family .
the spa was wonderful .
prices are great ( especially for lunch ) .
wo n't be back .
i highly recommend this shop .
elements just does n't match up .
it 's a great place for a date or entertaining business associates .
we enjoyed red wine and some after dinner drinks as well .
food , drinks and wine -- -- all so good .
we wo n't be rushing back .
this is a local gem !
they did great work at a reasonable price .
i signed my spouse up for the end of the month as well !
the worst fish & chips ever !
we came at 5pm on a sunday and it was packed !
i will be back because my toes loved her !
great customer service , definitely going back next time i 'm in the area .
it was different , but good .
her attitude was terrible .
do n't forget ... i 'm shopping .
that alone is enough to not want to make another visit .
i have no idea what was going on but it almost made me sick .
the food is your typical mexican chain food .
consistently wonderful service .
the new menu is confusing and the selection is too small .
every time they do n't have the food on the menu .
very nice .
great and quick service .
the only good thing i experienced at this restaurant was the gluten-free crust pizza .
my favorite by far !
their breakfast sandwhiches are delicious and really filling .
comfortable atmosphere great place to be .
good appetizers , soup , specials are a good value .
i definitely recommend this place .
but if you 're looking for great sushi , go elsewhere .
they delivered my food fast and hot .
i love this place .
ruined a thanksgiving dinner that 's for sure .
margaritas are also very tasty .
worst ever .
i am still very pleased with the food .
best margherita pizza i have found so far .
this place has got them - all kinds , all sizes !
love you guys !
that was weird .
wow - this was a totally find .
not a good idea to have the bartender wait tables .
great meal and service in a strip mall .
i ordered an iced tea as my beverage and he never brought it .
needless to say we left without eating but with time wasted .
this was the worst service i 've ever gotten anywhere - ever !
seriously , girls , _num_ stars ?
the theater has no seating as well .
thank you !
we have been patrons now for _num_ years and will definitely keep coming back !
everything we had was great .
the property is well kept and the rooms where huge .
wo n't be going back .
a great place to to just wander after the gym .
the food was delicious .
my wife said only fried rice was ok .
or am i wrong ?
they definitely bring a lot of food for you , portions are huge !
would n't make a special trip to go back though .
and i live _num_ miles away !
i got the worst infection from the salon !
they still write out your bill by hand .
people were yelling in the kitchen and not cooking food .
they are knowledgable , professional and friendly !
lucky me has perfect vision .
( sorry to late ) _num_ years ago this place was great .
no frills , just nice fresh sushi !
the chicken in the chicken chow mein was not chicken .
he is honest , reasonable , and fast !
the hash brown were buttery and excellent too .
the food is delicious and the service is superb !
i gave it a one because i could n't give it anything less .
not terrible but nothing standout .
i mean it was so black , i thought i was eating a charcoal .
nice patio .
thanks for the hospitality .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .
overall we had a terrible experience and it was an awful $ _num_ spent .
best autozone ever , the employees are always great .
great service .
waitress was all over it and did a great job .
if i could give it _num_ stars i would .
we will definitely be going back .
i am not a huge fan but i have had worse .
nice atmosphere and easy to get in and out for a quick meal .
dumb .
simply put they are awesome and exceeded every expectation .
i 've never been so disrespected by staff and management as i have here .
my friend had no waited _num_ minutes for her pedicure .
the food was outstanding and well worth the price .
the appetizers were good .
ordered pecan chicken salad .
it 's consistently good .
it is a very beautiful and romantic setting .
apparently , he does n't feel sorry for inconvenience .
good crowd and speedy service !
great couples mexican restaurant .
i used to frequent this restaurant about ten years ago often .
overall a good experience and we 'll be heading back there .
i tried this place for the first time .
prices were great too.
dodge electric responded first and with the 2nd best price .
guitar gallery rocks !
fantastic chopped salad .
top notch service & the best filet mignon in the world .
pretty basic food choices , but really cute interior .
i really like this restaurant !
no refund given , no call returned from management .
our dog feels comfortable there and they treat her very well .
love these girls !
loved it !
everything is good and the service is top notch .
had the most wonderful short rib i 've ever tasted .
nothing special .
delicious breakfast burrito .
the atmosphere is n't too stuffy and usually entertaining .
they have saved my television each time and for a very reasonable price .
we just checked in and out of the camelback inn .
the walgreens i lived by before was so much better than this one .
sometimes the mashed potatoes tasted boxed and gross .
very disappointed !
huge drinks and cool people .
been here a few times and every time the food is just great .
they are open late , always friendly and have good fresh food .
i would have giving zero star but that was not an option .
i 'm sad to say that this place has truly fallen from grace .
i went to train with big mark and i had a great experience !
good portion sizes .
chopped liver and great bread to start out .
the ingredients were horrible .
there was one girl working who was very helpful and friendly .
these guys are amazing !
i always had great fresh pizza , served by friendly folks .
the food was good and came quickly .
it tasted like butt .
our room was very clean and the mattress was real comfortable .
wonderful .
bmw is the worst product i have ever purchased .
unbelievable , esp .
the salon was not good neither the treatment of the manager .
everything else was just okay .
he got me set up and my car back really quick .
tonight we received awful service from a server .
my friend hosted her party and with such a large group they did great !
great place to hang out and watch sports !
that 's how good it looks !
although the food was mediocre , our waitress emily made the whole experience amazing .
this restaurant was an experience in food and entertainment .
it really was as basic as you can get .
they also claimed they ran out of pillows and could n't provide anymore .
highly recommend the trout !
never tried the grill but always looks great .
the wings are mediocre .
love it !
this place is amazing !
the guacamole was nothing to write home about .
mike and the guys at pep boys continue to impress me !
i was wanting to rent for _num_ whole months .
she grabbed them from me and said she would make them over .
definitely recommend dr jones !
amazing .
love the relaxed atmosphere & excellent service & food .
i mean its not excellent but pretty good overall .
i would give it _num_ stars if i could .
good job guys !
kyoto 's hidden secret is its great lunch specials .
stupid .
it 's either drive-thru or walk-in , like any other fast food place !
my husband loved his fish taco salad .
love the view of the mountains on the patio .
kids and i had the pizza and wings special .
we followed , assuming she was seating us .
i highly recommend it for seafood loving families !
thank you !
the salon is super cute and very clean .
again , no call , no nothing .
i love the happy hour !
very authentic !
love their pizza !
seriously the worst and most over priced nail salon i have ever been to .
all i know is i will never step foot in that place again .
it was so easy !
amazing !
the soup base itself was far too sweet .
there is a nice hot tub , pool , gym and complimentary breakfast .
needless to say , this store does not deserve one star .
we travel quite a bit so it comes in really handy .
thank you for a wonderful evening !
when i moved to az and found another bandera , i was thrilled .
thank you for saving me !
_num_ stars .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .
the patio is fantastic on a nice evening in the summer .
love it !
they were professional , safe and funny too .
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .
the food is just ok .
i will continue to come to this location .
excellent service this go around !
perfect for lunch .
both servers could of cared less if we were in the building .
it also has a really nice patio .
the cashiers are worthless .
sesame chicken ( $ _num_ ) - excellent sauce .
amazing pizza and that pear and walnut salad is fabulous !
i 'd highly recommend checking it out !
the duck breast was excellent .
i think she liked hers , she got the almond chicken .
i also love their salsa .
i spent _num_ dollars on glasses they said would fit and do n't .
the caesar salad was n't that bad , but neither special .
the best thing about this bar is the drink specials .
its amazing !
he is very impersonal .
it was a great place , very spacious , though a little dated .
i loved this office .
they did away with garlic cheese beer bread ?
my wife approached the manager and said this is n't right .
today was the first worst service that my friend and i have received .
my favorite brewery around .
every time we go the food is fantastic !
this place is huge and clean .
but it was delicious !
do not go eat here or pick up food .
they loved the food , service and ambiance .
terrible !
i absolutely love this place !
she is professional but great to chat with everytime .
strangely rude .
i have been with them since i moved here six years ago .
i love the entire staff .
beautiful scenery and drive out to lake was nice .
there was only _num_ other person in the er waiting room .
great food , good prices , and the customer service is too notch .
very helpful staff .
do n't get me started on the staff !
i love this place !
we definitely recommend these folks !
the staff here was nice , professional , and quick to help me .
we will definitely be back .
not good business practice !
the salsa is not fresh .
not a place i would return to ... .
i highly recommend it !
i tried to no avail .
friendly , fast service !
nice wine selection offered !
thank god i did n't have her cut my hair .
went with the rave about the tamales and loved them !
great place to grab things on the go .
we ordered almost all the dishes on the appetizer menu and they were great .
it was so good !
service was really slow .
i will not go back .
the photographer was about _num_ years old with no experience !
the food is incredible , especially the stacked enchiladas .
i would recommend this office to anyone who values good customer service !
i would not recommend this vet to anyone .
awesome !
this place was great .
the ring is beyond beautiful - delicate and perfect in every way .
we love it !
prior to that it was overpriced and underwhelming .
the lady that came to clean my room was even nice .
he loves nice clothes and we saved a ton !
i am so happy i ended up finding the one !
i was sorely disappointed tonight .
that 's not the norm though .
highly recommend it !
fail .
i always get my tomatoes from them and they do great every year !
just do n't expect any service if you are female .
i will gladly report that this store 's restrooms are immaculately clean .
an _num_ hour grooming appointment is ridiculous and unacceptable .
downtown scottsdale nails is perfect place to bring your nails .
this was my first time playing this course and is is well maintained .
i absolutely love authentic mexican food and this place does not disappoint .
this is the worst state farm i have been with .
horrible ... horrible ... horrible .
the service is friendly and prompt and the food is always delicious .
had a nice dinner here .
the seating area is crowded with furniture that obviously does n't suit the space .
excellent in all areas .
very nice .
go !
this restaurant is outstanding in every way !
without fail the shrimp taco is a hit !
and very filling !
i had almost the same bad experience as another reviewer .
family owned & operated .
i had a very pleasant experience with this company .
their building is very nice and staff were all very professional .
one of the worst nail salons i have ever been to .
they have great kids meals for inexpensive and large portions .
the service was good , very nice lady !
this place is still as good _num_ years after i started eating there .
beans were bland and tortilla was somewhat stale .
thank you for a fabulous evening !
someone came up and fixed the problem .
spicy bloody mary 's .
good food , good beer , affordable , and most importantly ... character .
i recommend this bakery highly !
so good !
did n't wow me at all .
amazing from start to finish .
that fell very flat too today unfortunately .
the only saving grace of the awful restaurant was the guacamole .
worth checking out for sure if you like hot food !
it has really helped !
i love this place !
great up close & personal with our sf giants .
all in all , it was a good experience and something different to do .
he told brian that the delivery guy would be there in _num_ minutes .
i 'll definitely be in soon again .
great place !
not impressed with this hotel .
tammy knows her trade and is a joy to work with .
you get one small bar per stay of either but not both .
we ate over lunch and spent about $ _num_ .
this was not enjoyable .
their menu was very easy to look a everything at a glance .
prices were exceptional for the quantity and quality of our food .
the breakfast seems more like buffet food .
the mango was very tart and overall bland .
no ac !
good place to eat .
loved it !
in my opinion , they could and should do a better job .
this is a sad review for me .
i ordered _num_ wings and _num_ breasts ( paying extra mind you ) .
the food was bland across the board .
sometimes places need to die ( just like we all do someday ) .
unbelievably horrible customer service .
i called to complain and only received a refund on the chicken and vegetables .
chorizo and egg was perfect !
only adding a star because i have to .
he knows his business , is very thorough and is on time !
they were so hot & fresh !
he came back the next day and treated for big headed ants .
what a disappointment !
it was a great show .
we had a very nice time on the dolly steamboat today .
i was hosting a baby shower and ordered food from roberts .
had dinner last night at ra in scottsdale and was very pleased .
his office staff is very helpful and friendly .
hand crafted with unique ingredients .
it is great to have one with busy lives .
love the hours !
if i could do negative stars i would .
i guess she does n't like when she 's asked too many questions .
great prices and great produce .
ii mean every _num_ inches .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .
i love this place !
all were delicious .
but i just ca n't get into your pizza .
always look forward to eating here .
i would never go back here , the vet is rude and arrogant .
tottie treats us like family now , so welcoming and accomodating .
great job and great price .
all their dishes look amazing here !
lon 's is heaven .
and tony is a great host .
terrible service .
only one reason for the second star and that was the considerate employees !
great atmosphere !
the sausage sandwich was excellent .
since i still had questions , don promised to return the call .
this place is the best for finding hidden treasures .
awful service and unremarkable food .
mmmm the cakes kinda dense but soo good !
we all ate cereal at home it was so bad .
_num_ times i 've tired to get decent delivery .
we love this place .
after signing the paperwork i was informed they do n't take debit cards .
my absolute favorite store on the planet !
thank you !
yeah it 's strange , but in a good way .
when i complained to the owner she was rude and angry .
my husband had a tasteless tortilla soup .
it sounded like she could really care less .
the ambiance is always good , the sushi is great !
had a nice experience !
even better , the staff and owner always remember me !
eating and dinning in bar area is fun people watching lol .
perfect for meetings where you need easy food .
the server was great .
the pieces are also very reasonable .
the main entrance is very cute too .
and freakin said hell no .
but regardless , this place is a `` must go to '' .
my sister and i took her kids and we all had a great time .
no sorry for the long wait .
he could n't have been more rude .
its quiet , clean , and safe .
compared to old town , the give next to nothing .
do not eat here , waste of money and rip off !
then our server switched , but failed to tell the new server our order .
i approached an older man in street clothes who appeared to be an owner .
their happy hour is amazing .
seriously stay away from this money trap .
great crust , delicious sauce , tasty cheese and perfect texture .
great customer service but really packed .
she 's a sweet little thing and loves her patients too !
very nice , very efficient and speedy service !
such a great little shop with delicious sandwiches - fresh bread and flavorful meats .
i can honestly say i have never been so happy with my hair .
love all of the food at nypd pizza .
people , you 've been warned !
the staff is very friendly , helpful and professional .
we have never done that before and we eat out together once a week !
the programs turned out beautifully and they were the perfect addition to the wedding .
great atmosphere !
it was so nice having a fireplace in the room !
all four of us agreed the food was excellent !
excellent customer service .
there 's plenty of indian restaurants in the area .
i highly recommend discount tire to anyone !
our family has enjoyed coming to the cove for years .
we ordered the chicken monterey , build your tacos , along with green enchiladas .
wait .
we highly recommend him .
a great place with a warm , friendly , classy atmosphere .
good food , good service , good atmosphere , good company !
drinks are cheaper too .
bad return policy !
oh no , no , no !
ridiculous !
staff is not very nice and hate the drive thru .
grazie is a very good place for pizza !
this was absolutely the worst customer service experience i 've ever had .
great service and good food .
rude and arrogant waiter .
i like spicy food and this had me sweating a bit .
great location and it is super affordable .
the waitress we had seemed to be unfriendly and we felt rushed .
pretty clean for an older place .
the decor is very modern and clean , and the food is delish !
and that is not normal we leave _num_ to _num_ % almost always .
a favorite place for more than a decade .
their cannoli was really good too .
if , like me , your time is precious , stay clear !
and this place fits the bill .
its pretty good but i 'm usually there for the chips !
sorry , ill never go back , recommend you try somewhere else .
on a saturday night at 7:00 pm , this place was out of manicotti .
reservations are strongly recommended .
that 's not what you said to me on the phone .
i had the grilled cheese and it was hard and dry !
the espresso was atrocious .
the portions were humongous and it was very delicious .
never going back .
had n't been to the location since the remodel .
the pizza is fabulous and the salads are awesome .
the food is amazing but that was expected .
they painted every wall in the place .
the service was extremely slow , especially waiting for drinks from the bar .
the best auto shop around .
all in all a good dining experience .
terrible food .
store is pretty nice , well organized .
my dad jokes there was vodka in her water bottle .
bottom line save your time and money just go straight to somewhere else .
the taste of their food is very consistent and the quality is always awesome .
this is one of my favorite places in old town .
worse experience ever .
i love this place !
if you have n't been ... go ... it 's worth a visit .
i 've ordered carry out pizza at least a dozen times from this place .
awesome place to chill out .
however , the best time to go is in the middle of the night !
the restaurant is clean inside and the staff is nice and friendly .
i 'm all about food though .
we recently went there for dinner and the service was awful .
it was very thin and tough .
must say it was delicious .
the decor was pretty solid and had a country feel .
our server was friendly and helpful .
i am almost embarrassed to show people my new carpet .
you have got to be kidding me ?
in the bar , amazing affordable bar menu !
will definitely be back !
ok , first i can say nothing bad about the room or amenities .
had we not gone through drive through i would not have accepted the food .
i 'm so thankful that lindsay l. recommended this place .
not impressed .
messy but great .
my friend had a random ass vegetable in his burrito ( broccoli ) .
they were incredible .
the price was very reasonable for all the work they did .
generous sizes , delicious pizza , and friendly service .
complimentary chips and salsa arrived and we loved both .
our drinks took a while to get and one of them was forgotten twice .
good to see that they have fresh juices .
potatoes swimming in oil and no flavor .
really liked the feel of this place .
but no , this barista keeps having this conversation .
the food is mediocre and so are the drinks .
marriott you served me well !
our waitress was excellent !
this morning hubby and i decided to try again .
so glad i found this place , and in my neighborhood at that .
do n't waste your money !
really nice pool , clean , and dog friendly .
love this place !
unfortunately same deal .
they make you feel like part of the family .
the burrito is the worst burrito i have ever had .
i also got an iced chai that was good .
we have been disappointed in their customer service .
oh yes , the service was very good too .
when looking for a cool treat , definitely go here over dq .
give this place a chance .
we will use this company again and we are recommending this company to everyone .
my first time seeing a show here - what a beautiful venue !
excellent for what i wanted .
their specialty mixed drinks are $ _num_ and are in an approximately _num_ oz .
great service and a good cut for a very reasonable price .
she is great !
love love love the food !
service at this place is terrible .
what the f is that all about ?
wo n't be back .
seems a little long to me for such a small place .
so if you stop in i would stay away from the pancakes .
their stetson chopped salad is sooo good .
no other lens rental place charges the price of the lens as a deposit .
i managed to find _num_ shirts at ok prices .
best new mexican in arizona ... easily .
it was quite an experience .
to me that 's not a good sign .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .
i agreed to use the lower level instead .
the service was very slow .
this place is not worth the overpriced dollar they charge .
try to get that burger for under _num_ or _num_ bucks .
and it 's so close to home !
consistency is terrible .
i especially love their breakfast burritos , they are amazing !
the pita is a bit on the thicker chewy side but still good .
all i can say is that these guys are amazing !
my stacked enchilada was essentially the same too , lots of chicken and cheese .
it was truly an all-around great experience .
i loved the homemade jalapeo tortillas .
recently had the shrimp scampi and caesar salmon - both good .
i love their beans so i always get a bean tostada .
the staff is friendly and helpful .
anyways on to the food the most important part !
this place is awesome !
mini chimis are among my favorite items to get before work .
would definitely recommend this place .
i will definitely be going back !
one of the best pizzas i have ever eaten .
i love this place .
tempe sure do n't know food !
then , i asked if one of the pieces i ordered were free .
it was not worth the $ _num_ dollars .
i will not be back anytime soon which is a shame .
every time i come here i 'm annoyed by the girl that helps me .
price was _num_ .
these guys were great !
they were so dried out , i could barely bite into them .
plus this place is extremely overpriced .
try the special , great place to try bikram !
great place for breakfast .
this place sucked !
atmosphere in here was fun too .
they threw away my _num_ dollar beer and wouldnt let me in .
the service is great , drinks are well mixed and flavorful - great margaritas !
not really .
everything in the deli is top quality .
i had ordered the scallops entree which at $ _num_ was quite disappointing .
you ever wait in a car repair place with a baby ?
food was good but the bakery was the best .
wow turn back the clock !
great selection of quality meats & fish !
at this point i 'm totally lost .
- the nurses argue .
their service and quality are the best .
how long does it take to cook an egg ?
good but not great .
everyone is always so helpful and friendly !
the food is also top notch .
the sauce in the katsu was kinda of bland .
needless to say , i left .
management ( scott & mike ) was not helpful .
terrible , absolutely terrible ownership ; the lady has no regard for her customers .
only two tables are seated .
thanks guys !
you really must visit the food court .
the food was high quality in flavor and presentation .
it was just alright .
this was a happy medium for me .
wish they could have separated them some how .
terrific drive thru stop on scottsdale road .
all quite good .
it feels like the owners have given up .
waitress came over right away and took our drink order .
everything is the nicest quality available and very professional .
not sure why they do n't have at least a _num_ star rating .
we were wrong .
just go and enjoy latin comida !
anyway i love going there whenever .
this is the absolute worst bank location i 've ever been to .
what i do have a problem with is the terrible sound .
again lots of really sexy people ... .
disgusting hot dump .
great food , great service .
when you walk in , it smells like feet .
mike and scott make me feel like family .
this is where it goes from bad to worse .
did n't really do anything for me .
unfortunately , customer satisfaction takes a back seat to ... , something else .
will always be back .
great experience overall !
at that point , we were irritated and just got up and left .
really poor customer service !
however , we are in az and thought nachos would be a safe bet .
unfortunately , i was sorely disappointed .
great for those of us who are health conscious and on the go .
truly homemade , delicious chow .
i walked in and the woman was already dealing with another client .
thanks diane for taking such good care of buddy .
who know buying a car would be one of the most stressful experiences ever ?
our dinner was fantastic and the happy hours prices , esp .
it ended up taking at least _num_ minutes .
crust was great though .
and of course the flowers were beautiful !
love the orange blossom !
he and his staff are extremely caring , sensitive and knowledgeable !
wow what a great place !
all the fries were cold .
and i love the aveda products too !
waited _num_ minutes for my french dip to arrive before walking out .
it is all good .
this is the worst excuse for portion control ever .
i do n't know how they stay in business .
it 's like ordering fish at a burger place !
we called for delivery , they do n't deliver .
the whites are too sweet for me and the flavors are weird .
steak soup is killer !
anthony , our server , was very attentive but not hovering .
absolutely the best prime rib in scottsdale !
this is the best korean place in az .
it 's family owned and they a r e amazing people .
i even love that they let us paint !
the crab rangoon is also very good .
servers were friendly and attentive .
the bread basket makes fantastic fresh baked bread in all different kinds .
i rarely write reviews , but this restaurant needs to step up their game !
i love this place .
the staff is friendly , courteous and more than accommodating !
service with kevin was outstanding .
other than taking and delivering our order , he did nothing for us .
bruce and his staff are always helpful and can get you just about anything .
lanes are full .
returned with our family & found the food to be horrible and over priced .
the guacamole tasted like the powdered instant kind .
friendly environment , great workers and great food .
well first off , it was hot .
i asked if they had any time to show me dresses .
margaritas absolutely kick @ $ $ .
it 's one of my favorite places ever !
good service and very good food .
worth trying !
management could care less and say they are doing what is required of them .
so my _num_ minute oil change turned into _num_ hours and a scam .
_num_ ?
talked to a person and left a message no return call .
i never got a call back and the boards are still in the kitchen .
customer service is great !
i thought ok , how long does it normally take ?
she touched up my roots and applied extensions .
check-in was a tad cold , not very welcoming .
i would definitely recommend these apartments to anyone !
all of us went in there and got beer and snacks .
paired with a great chardonnay and would greatly recommend to friends .
it just speaks to how out of touch the improv is .
the servers there deserve to be paid more .
now it seems they suggest work that does n't need to be done .
extremely disappointed .
everything we ordered to snack on was great as well .
talk about a disappointment .
so _num_ min after my order and it came in cold .
they do great work at reasonable prices .
nice folks run this place and it is always packed .
one glass of sangria each and the bill was $ _num_ .
entire staff is fun and welcoming .
mistakes sometimes happen , excuses should not .
great ambiance , decor , and even better food .
love the food .
small , friendly place with a good atmosphere .
great atmosphere every time i 've gone .
i 've only have had one fast experience when it was completely empty .
are you freaking kidding me ?
do n't ask , just make it happen , ok ?
i love the veggie burrito here .
management at this location is terrible .
they have a lot of great beers on hand and make great recommendations .
this particular location is clean and quiet for a saturday evening .
very accommodating with fitting you into the schedule .
this is a truly unique atmosphere - not your daddy 's starbucks !
their outdoor patio seating is fun and actually quite charming .
one of the best italian meals i have ever had !
very satisfied , i even have leftovers !
up until recently i ordered take out _num_ times a week .
if there is something on the television then this place will have it !
highly recommend !
breakfast burrito 's are pretty much my favorite food in the whole world .
thanks yelp !
not even close .
not so impressed .
great bike , great price , great service .
everything was excellent food drink and service .
just all around a shoddy place .
enjoyed a really nice meal here .
burrito was great and the horchata was some of the best i 've had .
so good .
i would highly recommend this salon .
best seafood restaurant !
and loved the food .
you can definitely tell that they do a lot of event planning .
i have consistently been pleased with the service i get there .
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
it was a great way to spend a saturday afternoon with another foodie !
i was in town for only three days and i ate her twice .
( no , i do not feel bad about that . )
blew me away that is a $ _num_ roll ?
walked by _num_ employees on the way in and no one said hi .
i love this place .
i would recommend this place for some good italian food !
they do not have a dental specialist .
pizza here is really good .
they also serve some asian cuisine !
maybe i like to hate too .
luckily i went to a different , nearby store and was treated much better .
very glad we happened upon this place , the beef chow fun is great !
$ _num_ for extra syrup ?
i tried to tell him i need the number today due to other travel .
wow such a great experience .
diane , neal and their crew are just great !
i love the pool areas and the service is always amazing .
did n't have big expectations but was pleasantly surprised .
the best thai food i 've ever had !
if you decide to go here , hide yo money .
it is delicious !
best service i have ever received !
very friendly staff .
the pie was a big hit .
we will definitely be back !
i love this place .
very good mexican food .
only good thing was kyle .
plus , we always have leftovers to enjoy during the rest of our trip .
this salon meets all my needs and wants .
the staff here did their jobs & kept us happy during our week stay .
there is a $ _num_ charge for sharing anything .
_num_ minutes later i received a pool towel .
as for the sushi , it fairly top notch .
great variety and authentic recipes .
staff especially scott the front desk manager were very good .
oh , and one of the best freaking milkshakes i have ever had !
it is fun and homey .
best gyros in town , really !
i would have cooked them a tad more , myself .
definitely coming back !
i also love the deli counter and bakery .
the sandwiches was awesome served on fresh made bread .
love these guys .
the jj and cj also rock !
spectacular .
we have had persian food all over .
my sister loves this place and i now understand why .
it was not worn for any length of time .
they use quality ingredients in standard combinations for a tasty product .
one of the pie plates was dirty with dry remains of previous customer .
there were still plenty of empty tables and no one in line to order .
i had to salt it just so i could taste it .
calorie counts are no longer listed , even though the website claims they are .
leslie was very informative on what she would recommend for my vehicle .
i had heard so many good things , but wow was i wrong .
in smaller amounts it would probably have tasted fine .
top notch .
the texture was strange and they were tasteless .
the food is great , in my experience .
music is extremely loud .
did i mention delivery !
this is great news !
he suggested _num_ bottles of wine for us and both were very good .
fortunately , i found adrian 's and my tummy is happy again .
i would rather eat at the herb box .
kevin is very honest and knowledgable .
stopped in for lunch despite poor reviews .
crystal who worked with me the entire time assisted by dedicated techs .
if there was a _num_ star option i would use it .
all _num_ of us thought our entrees were terrible .
highly recommend .
i highly recommend this shop !
yeah , it 's important to note , not many women frequent this place .
this place is a hidden gem .
the service is pretty fast , and the staff are polite and friendly .
i will never purchase anything from them ( not even toilet paper ) .
they make it really well .
this is the 3rd time i have been told this .
i recommend !
great pizza .
great wings , delicious pizza , very kind delivery staff .
it took over _num_ minutes to get my 2nd drink .
the disappointment came from the quality of food .
butt hurt bc you did n't get tipped to your standard ?
this restaurant missed the mark on both counts .
service is always great .
awesome atmosphere and great food !
the message therapist is awesome also .
their home-made tortillas are great too .
thanks guys !
what a fun little place in scottsdale !
the meat in the burrito tasted like over spiced rubber .
such delicious fare at this venue !
the spinach artichoke dip was kind of bizarre too .
this place is honestly one of my favorite places !
people are friendly too !
the staff was friendly and professional .
the burger was enormous !
worst service and experience ever !
my new favorite italian spot !
asian fusion at its best .
the place was a major fail .
but they do a great job .
great service and good atmosphere .
i 'm from new england , and this place brought me home .
do n't blame us , we asked for separate bills .
the starting prices of steaks here are $ _num_ just for the meat .
i will never return no matter how badly i want to see the act .
our experience fell short of some basic expectations .
they play up the whole cowboy thing and blend it to create southwestern italian .
great drinks .
will definitely eat there again .
highly recommend to anyone who appreciates the art of food .
we sat down and was greeted by the server .
i love barro 's .
i 've been coming here for years ever since a friend recommended it .
the worst !
great view , food , and service .
this dish would of been better if they had garlic mixed with it .
i wish i could take it back when i said that security is friendly .
let me start by saying tina is my lady !
good prices as well .
the kabob was fantastic .
i will definitely dine here again .
the reviews for this year are not good .
he dropped off one of our plates and smelled of cigarettes .
especially their all you can eat menudo or pozole !
the monkey cakes are delicious and the mexican chocolate latte is soooo yummy !
i would definitely recommend cowboy ciao and plan to go back sooner this time .
we had dinner here tonight and it was just average .
not my kind of club .
will be back !
never have i been told no and had the representative just rudely walk away !
chandler just has nice things .
great customer service .
their burritos are amazing along with their super nachos !
walked past me to put some juice away in a cooler .
this is hands down the best sushi in scottsdale !
oh alright , i 'm picky .
if you can handle the large crowds it 's worth while .
i had a huge chicken salad so good i could have it every day .
i had a great time !
horrible customer service .
i love this place !
everything we tried was delicious .
it 's definitely a place that you wo n't find anywhere else !
as good as diner food gets !
great service overall .
it 's a shame .
always able to `` customize '' food and meet dietary requests without issue .
service is always great and so is the food .
no karaoke was going on , so there was no reason to come here !
excellent service and food .
very sad .
happy hour specials and atmosphere are great .
because believe me it was n't worth it .
perfect for hangovers .
excellent service .
so , will i come back to this restaurant ?
nice family owned restaurant with delicious south american food .
otherwise it would have been _num_ !
those , well ... those were pretty awesome .
such a cute little tea party !
they directed to the right one that i needed .
i love the thai crunch salad !
the shrimp enchilada 's are also great .
$ _num_ to get in .
have a drink with your meal !
they have amazing fresh donuts , great coffee , and a big selection available .
amazing service .
their tzatziki sauce is probably one of my favorite things about the place .
would not recommend .
authentic italian food .
solid wine list .
best doughnuts around !
pain pills to sleep is the only way i could stop the burn .
really good food , great place for cheap drinks during happy hour .
great live music and great food .
i was seriously disappointed at the size of these sandwiches for the price .
the food was the best italian fare i have had in quite some time .
amazing service !
the lighting , sound system and climate control are all impressive .
we went with a group of _num_ adults and one child tonight .
the prices constantly change here so beware of that .
fun & delicious specialty drink menu .
went there recently and the service , atmosphere and food was amazing .
on a crisp corn tortilla .
the service is always nice and everything is always fast and clean .
she clearly did n't care for me _num_ % but that 's another story .
we were so incredibly disappointed .
it was an easy going environment , everyone was very friendly and patient !
definitely recommend it .
i called the next day and the customer service was fantastic .
the atmosphere and the vibe was definitely off .
definitely going back !
so worth it , if you have patience and time to spare .
selection was diverse and interesting on the menu and the food was fantastic !
i 'm not pissed about being charged $ _num_ .
a new tradition starts this year !
this place is amazing !
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .
service for drinks were pretty good but for food , below average .
which is amazing for a chain restaurant !
i love the hot sandwiches .
$ _num_ for a cranberry and well vodka .
i got the pancakes , my wife got the biscuits and gravy .
their vegas margarita ( not on the menu ) is pretty good too !
the parking garage is a whole other disaster in itself .
the best deals in the store are on these racks .
i thought the tv was there to entertain the customers .
simply great .
they also have great take out .
not authentic .
great place to start a night out in old town scottsdale .
i will absolutely work with them as much as i can in the future .
the service at this place is horrible .
friendly staff .
with my standard box , i now can receive _num_ packages or be charged .
the pizza is crazy good and the calzones are even better .
this place is so much fun !
everything on my plate , a regular slam , is cold .
i ca n't recommend this place enough !
food was seasoned perfectly and the giant plate had a nice variety of foods .
fun place to go .
classic dive bar !
and the guys at the front office are always nice and helpfull .
she was awesome and i felt amazing when i left her chair .
they make seasonal dishes and have a interesting menu .
server was very attentive .
my favorite dive bar in scottsdale .
not worth a $ _num_ cover , folks .
we recommend rush street for the best pizza in chandler .
very good !
amazing .
the food + service was truly incredible .
the prices , selection , service and food are great .
love it !
they will continue to get my business .
it was perfect .
sat at bar for about an hour happy hour every day until labor day .
i enjoy the food , games and most of the staff .
it 's not my scene .
every employee iv dealt with there has been really nice and more than helpful .
the waitress was kind enough to take our chilaquiles dishes off our bill .
try it you 'll like it .
great price and good service .
poor customer service and the loss of a good tip !
great food , service , and atmosphere !
great food and service every time .
the facilities are great and you can truly make a day out of it .
pizza made correctly and delivered on time .
corned beef hash is homemade and great , burgers are great too .
$ 15-20 quote that becomes $ _num_ actual price ?
nice large bathroom with tub and separate shower .
reservations recommended on weekends .
lets go back to friday night , apparently they had a band .
this was the better dish .
awesome wings .
have been going here for years , love it .
they have great music and great service !
great service .
i love that you can schedule online .
this is an old worn out hotel .
_num_ mush bowls and you do n't comp or do something better .
he 's an old guy who probably does n't want to be working .
it is amazing .
steak and unlimited shrimp was delicious and jim was a great server .
the piece of chicken is huge , moist and amazing .
this is a perfect spot to meet friends and enjoy good food and conversation .
thank you for keeping such fine quality and amazing wait staff !
open to the air , but has open air conditioner .
food is always hot and cooked perfect .
they have great local selections in beer and nice wines by the glass .
rula : no , there are no managers here .
unprofessional and poor quality .
she left the bowls at the table .
my wife , toddler son and i stayed for _num_ days at the sanctuary .
_num_ for adults and _num_ for kids .
my car would n't be ready until saturday .
wow surprised at the poor ratings of one of my favorite cities .
it was a cool town .
tried this place for lunch last week .
greasy and soggy , yuck .
a great museum for a reasonable price .
i love pouring on their green sauce .
_num_ dollars for internet only !
highly recommend this place .
the staff is awesome and def one of the reasons we keep going back .
will definitely be returning .
last night however it was way to thick and tasteless .
still , we gave them another chance .
the staff is super helpful .
the enviroment is so beautiful .
do n't stay in room _num_ .
went here for lunch today and i was very impressed .
the food is exceptional and the service is quick and attentive .
friendly staff .
very good breakfast place ; best pancakes and pineapple juice in old town !
but dishes were very well prepared .
highly recommend !
yet another great experience here !
i have also had the margherita pizza which is very good too .
i would highly recommend this to others .
the atmosphere was really elegant and intimate - great for a date night .
never ordering again .
she was the only reason they got _num_ star .
the staff was wonderful and very accommodating to whatever needs you have .
i though this was decent of them .
they have the entire process down to a science and works efficiently .
it only got worse .
food quality is good for a local mom and pop place .
do not stop there , do not order .
staff is very friendly and helpful .
the receptionists were useless .
the bartender was extremely rude and spoke to me like a was an idiot .
amazing food friendly staff .
the motto here is hate where you live .
if you are a sports fan then this is the place for you .
it works well .
would highly recommend both of those dishes .
this place is awesome .
the mashed potatoes were definitely from a box - not fresh .
that 's like a server counting a tip while standing at your table .
we also had a smoked salmon appetizer and that was very good to .
my favorite are the sopapillas !
it was n't , really .
great for the kiddos .
for $ _num_ a bowl , it was definitely a disappointing meal .
our drinks remained empty for most of the night including the water .
they are always nice to me and thank me for coming in .
suzanne 's is a great spot for a bride on any budget .
our waiter was great and attentive .
so we get a table cleaned off like i said .
very comfortable .
i 'd give this a zero if i could .
incredible value .
_num_ starts !
after a little over an hour all was completed and filed .
she is worth it !
these employees have no sense of priority , big period .
even though we each got paneer masala our meals could not have been different .
the prices are right for the second hand finds .
love this store .
lon 's was wonderful !
service was great .
the food was amazing and the presentation was creative .
worst place ever !
next time i 'm in scottsdale i 'll definitely be in to thank her .
he is amazing and caring .
the service was excellent and the food fantastic .
when they do , they do n't ring up the discount price .
there are a few reasons why i never go to mcdonalds .
also had an orange blossom smoothie which was delicious !
the wine flights , and the food that followed , were amazing !
great crust , great sauce , plenty of cheese .
service was excellent and they really made us feel welcome .
awesome !
great service and drinks .
hats off to this guy because he truly made my day so much better !
wow talk about good customer service !
move along now ... thanks for stopping by .
there were _num_ open tables and no one in line .
came here to watch the cards game with some friends a couple weeks back .
a nice place for a quick bite to eat .
it was uncomfortable .
they refused to give a refund and tried to give us another round .
all in all , its a good time at the crown room .
beautiful atmosphere , very friendly and helpful staff and the food was excellent .
i hate when sushi looks dried out right when you get it .
this place is awful !
the atmosphere here is so welcoming and warm !
the vegetable sides were perfectly steamed and seasoned and were delicious .
the waitress very rudely asked me to leave .
will definitely be back !
awesome burritos !
staff is super friendly .
what a cool , old-school barber shop .
i especially recommend the bread pudding .
outstanding donuts .
we spent over _num_ dollars .
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .
a fabulous job done .
this was not the case .
service was great also .
great margarita , wonderful fare .
my husband finally did good .
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .
i have loved the restaurant since the first time i 've come .
second visit just as good as the first .
we ordered a bottle of wine , salad , and a pizza .
but when i drive over there i find they are mia .
service was decent .
casual pub in old town , service has always been good and personable .
go to place for client visits with gorgeous views .
i would recommend this place for sure .
they also have super accessible specials to make a truly happy , happy hour !
wow , i am very surprised by some of the reviews here .
i recommend their breakfast sandwich and their greek omelet .
their pizza is really good too .
really great fresh squeezed juice and smoothies to start .
will absolutely go back next time i 'm in town .
apparently , this is happened to many people at the property .
great food .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .
i look forward to eating there again !
i love this place !
worse experience !
i hate coming to this sally 's .
my favorite pizza place .
i am of spanish descent and this place is a disgrace to my heritage .
trevor 's work is clean and accurate .
obviously never went back here .
their homemade bbq chips are awesome too !
but michael , the manager , is what won us over .
great food , fast service !
at night , this place is always run by a bunch of assholes .
the service was excellent , friendly , and prompt .
first of all , the service was super friendly .
on top of that the beef in it was extremely dry and flavorless .
their coffee was delicious , the scramble was outstanding .
the portions are extremely generous with the little extras .
just to make money of my ass ... .
i love the dance party on saturdays !
she is currently offering some really great deals to first-time clients .
only , its like subway for pitas .
integrity pest has always been there when we needed them .
i had sara recently and she is very good to .
conveniently located in the heart of old town scottsdale .
we stayed their this weekend and had a great time .
the roasted duck was incredible .
factor in the heat and it became a health hazard .
so over the top pissed off at the management here .
so who do i call to get my money back .
one of my favorite places in scottsdale .
its also affordable .
great facility .
the spa itself is beautiful with lots of treatment options .
of course , they still charged me an outrageous $ _num_ for the exam .
always a good time !
i went here to get an oil change today and it was great !
i really needed it done so i obliged .
not to mention the stains on the mattress and box spring - so gross .
tasty , clean , professional , friendly ... solid sauces ... great fixings bar .
got the runs the next day , ugh .
the unit they built is absolutely perfect .
all in all , the food here is just `` ok '' .
these guys are great !
short story : _num_ star accommodations with _num_ star grounds and prices .
no thanks .
the owners of this dq are awesome and give excellent service !
this total cost for a new system was going to be about $ _num_ .
and they make the most amazing prickly pear margaritas .
he knows exactly what he is doing and he loves what he does .
much of the staff has been there for many years and are friendly .
one of the best kept secrets for small private schools in north central phoenix !
great selection of beer and reasonable wine selection - for a convenience store .
i was really disappointed .
everyone was happy with their meal .
my family and i come here very often and love it !
the food was really exceptional .
be sure to take a map and water and a flare gun .
generous and fresh .
really large portions , usually good service , casual fun atmosphere .
they did the job correctly and i 'm happy about that .
awesome customer service !
wonderful !
not a good sign .
terrible service .
the most amazing warmth with the people and decor .
it then takes _num_ minutes to flag someone down and that 's super annoying .
i have not tried their desserts but they always look great .
the attendants downstairs were not friendly .
terrible experience .
this is the best animal hospital / vet i have ever been too .
the spinach and tomato is vey fresh .
i wish there were zero stars .
it was the very best food and service that i have ever experienced .
husband had a perfect manhattan he said it was perfect .
one of my favorite lunch spots in downtown mesa .
banfield would not send it .
great place to relax and check out the planes .
my mom , husband and i split a caesar salad .
if you like thai this is a must !
great food , fair prices .
i 'm not really surprised with my experience at fiesta burrito .
my husband loves this place !
dinner for _num_ people , $ _num_ not including the tip .
thanks again !
it was like buffet style food in a restaraunt setting .
and that does not make much of a standard to meet .
too bad .
amazing bagels , and the tomato basil soup was really awesome !
the donuts are good sized and very well priced .
it has great flavor and our to go orders are always accurate .
the service from the hostess to the waitress was excellent .
the bread was fresh fresh and very tasty .
there is stuff for sale and over priced food .
i 've tried _num_ different dishes and they all were below average at best .
come check it out and they have many other services as well !
i had a great experience .
good place to find dance stuff .
the food was really good .
now we are regular restaurant patrons .
the pizza is quite possibly the best in town .
i really hate to say this because i always try to support local .
the action was well set-up and it sounded big and lively .
i really enjoyed this place .
thank you terri and the nordstrom 's team for making this experience so wonderful !
they had a block party that was really cool !
i was delighted with the decoration on the walls .
i had a coupon and was being pushed towards the higher priced wash .
is very kind and accommodating .
i found a pair at _num_ % off immediately .
multiple locations !
omg so yummy !
the price was great too .
and like the salad it was just ok .
service is also great !
rick is a seriously cool guy !
it certainly is n't worth eating here considering the quality of food and cost .
pretty cute small little bar .
do not believe a word the salesman tell you regarding elite status .
greasy , unappealing , low quality -- that 's your food .
absolutely will not be back .
make sure you make reservations and try something new .
special thanks to tyler who gave us great service !
the manager on this day handled my cold food issue with professionalism and courtesy .
love this place !
that 's how good that is .
great casual atmosphere and interesting food !
great greek food , as good as mom use to make .
when we walked in there was a wait in the dining room .
i am so surprised and blessed to have the honest people working with me .
smaller club puts you close to the action and you feel the energy .
everyone from the staff to the members are so nice and always so welcoming !
i said that the price list said $ _num_ .
_num_ + years and will never go back .
my boyfriend had shrimp parmesan which he said was also good .
great food .
i 've tried it all here and love it .
it then took almost _num_ minutes to get the check !
nice big portion , not overly salty .
very generous and prompt .
this place is great !
the guy at the parts counter said they could n't cut those keys .
i got no response but some yelling in another language i do n't understand .
just got a hair trim and style by lisa and really liked it .
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .
server slow and indifferent .
great menu , amazing tastes .
i highly recommend these guys .
the atmosphere is more upscale and relaxing but very nice .
i swear i used to love the grilled cheese sandwhich and tater tots .
the beer selection pleased those who did not go for the refreshing margaritas .
port butt is great and they make their own sausage and brats on site .
best visit yet !
dolly steamboat wonderful experience .
also had a classic manicure on a separate visit .
i wo n't be going back .
anything she tells you is a lie .
$ _num_ glass of wine charged twice for one glass .
i want gel nails , the whole nails made of gel .
the rice so good compared to what i usually have from other places .
i had a tamale and chili relleno combo with rice and beans .
if you are a woman , forget it .
warning ... make sure to look at your bill !
everybody likes dos .
thanks man .
i 've had multiple wonderful experiences at crown .
ridiculous !
this museum is much more than meets the eye and has something for everyone .
excellent service !
and why the hell did i order it ?
my short rib was braised perfectly , however , it was dry and lean .
one piece of fish was so tough i could barely chew it .
their burger is massive and very fresh , while only being _num_ bucks .
the kia road side assistance strongly advised me to stay with the vehicle .
reservations are good for large groups , of course .
had horrible unbearable chest pain .
i found it hilarious .
i gave a _num_ day notice and was still sent to collections .
sides are sold individually but are pretty good .
they got the shirts altered within hours !
will definitely go back again .
the $ _num_ steak was loaded with fat and cooked wrong .
it was a sloppy , wet , rubbery mess of a meal .
jennifer is incredibly nice and knowledgable .
the colorist brittany is amazing !
loved the new bacon dish .
should never be more than a star .
the meat was very tender and flavorful .
not after tonight .
liberty is awesome !
food is amazing too .
tried to buy a straight talk iphone _num_ twice from here .
it sure looked pretty but did n't taste like anything .
the balcony was being seated the same time as downstairs .
food was delicious .
they do not care about their residents .
great place .
but there are so many flies in the restaurant it 's almost unbearable .
great for gifts !
it was early august so the restaurant was not overly busy .
best mexican i 've ever had in scottsdale and papago is perfectly near by !
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
dude ... it was just ok .
all the food had an amazing flavor !
the super friendly and attentive servers put the icing on the cake .
the service is great and the stake at the restaurant is superb .
the ambience of the place is bad .
very bizarre experience .
great alcoholic beverages as well !
i 've only ever been during nfl football sundays and it 's packed !
but it mostly disappeared , so it must of been okay .
i felt ignored by the hostess and waitress i will not be going back .
making it a great shop for mixed media artists as well !
the service is awesome too .
the water was just too hot even on vacation mode .
i 'm so glad i will never deal with them again .
the atmosphere is welcoming and classy .
i love the glazed .
the service was so slow i got irritated .
how do you get rid of _num_ % fat and _num_ % calories ?
they have the best orange chicken and kung pao .
old school steakhouse with amazing sports memorabilia .
not to mention their awesome staff !
they always have it right .
they 're good and consistently so .
turned out it was fajita style chicken in a flour tortilla .
so weird , and so over it .
overall that was the worst zipps experience i 've had .
we chose a chicken quesadilla , chicken nachos , and shrimp tacos .
my experience was great .
if it had been possible to give zero stars , i would have .
the sandwiches are tasty , price is ok .
thanks for a great experience !
amazing !
there were some raw onions .
your the best !
good service and great prices .
mexican latte is so tasty !
i probably wo n't be back to tempe improv unless i get free tickets .
thin crust , cheese is amazing !
best happy hour ever !
all this combines to make a great pizza .
( processed all the way ) .
what a wonderful meal .
mmmm ... excellent !
really , no flavor in the tacos or queso .
but it 's enough to never return .
needs some serious training on how to make coffee .
they did not bill as routine and i was charged over $ _num_ .
her reply was simply , `` oh , sorry about that '' .
he is great with our cats ( and so is his entire staff ) .
but could only get one _num_ weeks out .
it was such a great suggestion .
a lot to chose from .
seems so annoyed by me the whole time .
the food was very good but a little too spicy for my taste .
the chicken and its sauce were very flavorful , as well .
excellent food !
thanks for all the great years of service .
$ _num_ for a neighborhood bar is crazy in my opinion .
everyone was so nice and all of the dogs seemed so comfortable there .
authentic and wonderful .
thank you !
if they had handled it better , i would still go back there .
we love it here .
but still , love this place !
i also had the mac and cheese flavor just dance in my mouth .
food is great , and delivery is fast !
again , i never once worked with an actual physical therapist .
love my mother 's day pie .
he was very personable and professional .
quick , friendly , honest , and professional .
this is definitely good persian food .
awful place .
fast and courteous service .
so , i went to ask her for one .
my husband and i went for lunch on a saturday .
i found their work to be quality work and the price extremely fair .
consistently high quality , flavorful , fantastic variety .
sonny was a great mechanic !
the people are very friendly and they make me feel welcome .
so delicious .
only a couple of people actually seem to know what they 're doing .
the best vet 's office ever !
fake biker bar .
horrible customer service , sub-par food .
this is the best of the stores in the phoenix area .
_num_ % off book sale .
pricey but fabulous a great special occasion restaurant .
i thought we had a good nordstrom in vegas till i came here !
amazing food , you feel like part of the family .
great location in the middle of old town scottsdale .
great golf course .
i absolutely loved it and ca n't wait to go back !
absolutely delicious !
i ordered over the phone for delivery and it was literally , the worst .
the man has a wonderful personality , and a very loud voice .
they all looked at me and did nothing .
these guys are great !
real disappointment .
high quality corn fed meat from the midwest .
the best part ?
i highly recommend them to anyone !
they also have coupons from time to time .
awesome drink deals , food is all made to order and always hot .
it is also the best spot for salsa dancing in phoenix .
the best breakfast burritos !
food is great , fast , and priced just right .
my family and i will never set foot in this establishment again .
top notch family owned .
things went sour from there .
we will definitely be back .
not accommodating and would n't seat more than _num_ .
we also liked their chips and salsa .
the portion was large on both dishes , but lacked in flavor .
great food !
what an awful place .
love the limeade .
i had perfect poached eggs and super yummy wheat toast .
i will definitely use them in the future .
it is worth the _num_ minute drive !
friendly staff .
always a great experience at this hobby store .
very helpful staff .
great value and great taste .
also has good , healthy food .
i expected so much more from safeway and its employees .
it was all amazing food .
the food was really good , including the salad bar .
our dinner with our friends was a total disaster .
the reason i went in is because of the no sales tax option .
went gave this place a try and wow really impressed .
love the ambience too !
it is disgusting .
rip off !
once you go there a few times you are like family .
just a glass of wine and an antipasto salad .
it 's a great atmosphere and so much fun solo or with groups .
do not eat here .
love this restaurant so much .
it 's always packed but well worth the stress .
we finally got our food after _num_ min and it was wrong .
simply amazing and i would recommend then to anyone .
they do n't cook the fried rice in front of you .
outstanding breakfast , although a little difficult to find with a gps .
it was good , but nothing special , and there was no spice whatsoever .
much better than before !
they are always doing a good job .
solid place and our server jamie ( server # _num_ ) was great !
in this case , sadly , i did n't .
worst customer service ever .
very friendly .
they were soooo good .
i 'm so glad this one is in my backyard and so reliable !
we ate at the bar and the service was very good .
i had the pizza roll with meat and was it great .
it was ok , but not worth the _num_ hour wait .
oh my goodness !
you listened and took the time to make my hair absolutely perfect !
ok , i have been a regular customer for a number of years .
very helpful .
to get a little laugh , this turned out to be a bad idea .
i went to jiffy lube instead .
so happy they have gluten free pizza now !
maximum fitness is an all around high quality gym !
i would highly recommend this vet to anyone !
love this place .
the fish was terrible .
she takes a little longer but the results are amazing .
food quality was good .
prep was very thorough , and end result looks great .
i was not offered a menu when i got there .
half of our group left after the first _num_ .
the staff is extremely polite and efficient .
this is one of the best attractions and historical venue in the area .
the drink prices are okay , sometimes a little high .
so boring , skip this review now .
food was horrible and outdated .
service was great and they were really friendly .
it makes it disgusting .
( which it was n't , even after everything that happened ! )
could barely taste or see the basil .
i love the resort , the sanctuary , even more !
will not be back to got sushi .
who are visiting from southern california .
i love the giants , and i love coming to scottsdale for spring training .
have seen a few shows here and am always impressed by the acoustics .
i would definitely recommend volvo of tempe !
service is great !
they lost my $ _num_ order and i hope yours too .
always have good results and the staff has always treated us right .
charged what they quoted me and did an excellent job !
today i went into here on the corner .
its intimate and they have a band sometimes that fun .
all of the food that i had was excellent .
the cashier who was thier didnt say much , but he definitely needs work .
called to make an appointment and got me in right away .
kathy and beth are in the front office and are so nice and helpful .
if i could give this place _num_ stars , i would .
my husband and i thoroughly enjoyed our meal here .
we sat down at one of _num_ total tables and waited for a bartender .
the salad wraps are amazing !
though it 's old , it 's clean .
oasis is premium , the best of the best .
( no ) .
enchiladas with poblano cream sauce were excellent .
no high hopes here .
i have never had a bad meal here , and always great service .
the service is great , and the food never disappoints .
i felt stunning and did n't have a lick of makeup on my face .
my favorite is the veggie melt sandwich .
this is a typical az hyped up joint .
all the employees were rude and clearly did not want to be there .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .
this place is a gem .
and a super huge disappointment , what the heck !
fun stuff .
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .
the steakhouse onsite has a great bar , oysters and solid cocktails .
it has the best bagels at a great price .
everyone there is friendly and cares about their customers .
the servings were huge and the ice cream good .
it 's still my favorite sushi in scottsdale .
she is a fantastic person with a fantastic sense of style .
it took over _num_ hours to travel from gilbert .
great haircuts time after time for a good price .
my house salad with grilled chicken was lackluster to say the least .
i had a great experience at italian grotto a couple weeks ago .
after the color was washed out she cut literally two pieces of hair .
my dress fit me amazingly and i was a happy bride !
i would definitely recommend !
he 's very down-to-earth and real .
you can trust this business .
appreciation and understanding of contemporary art is helpful .
made to order and so yummy !
avoid .
i love le studio .
this is my absolute favorite place to do karaoke !
service is good and you get your pizza pretty fast .
highly recommend the fried beef or fried pork with a side of sticky rice .
this was the worst place i have ever ate at .
and the atmosphere is very cool .
if you 've lived elsewhere you know what i am referring to .
dr was great .
great customer service .
the meal was pretty pricey ( $ _num_ ) , and we left disappointed !
4th great place for a business meeting .
it is so large i have lunch for the next day .
captain was very knowledgeable and entertaining .
my _num_ ordered the salmon and it was super good as well .
prices were n't bad either .
always enjoy my dinner time there .
no , i 'll pass on this one .
_num_ ) they actually have good customer service .
we 'll definitely be back for more amazing food and service !
all excellent and quick .
this was a perfect place to go for a breakfast meal with my wife .
the service is prompt .
authentic mexican food is delish !
the views were gorgeous !
i recommend a stay here for any business traveler looking to be treated right !
loved the selection so i bought _num_ !
worst place ever !
the lobster so fresh and delicious ( for az ) .
what a huge disappointment !
scott is a business owner that truly gives customer service .
this was a well run restaurant with delicious food and top notch service .
highly recommended .
we attended a wedding here , and loved every minute of it .
this happened to my coworker this week .
waste of time going here .
totally worth it !
so tonight i tried their new grilled version .
disappointed does n't even begin to describe how i feel .
customer service is always beyond excellent .
the crust is too buttery and not crispy or chewy .
my daughters $ _num_ crown fell out within _num_ weeks .
the interior of this restaurant does n't look at all like i expected .
chips , salsa , and guacamole are all homemade and delicious .
even some holidays , if i remember right .
this last visit was just as good .
i ask for ice chips , sorry not until we get ct results .
i 've eaten at the pita house on several occasions over the years .
chips tasted stale and like old oil , salsa was ok .
love this store !
however , beef was very tender , but not impressed .
bland , bland , bland .
i always recommend your store and the feedback is always positive .
if i could give this hotel zero stars i would !
i arrived there at 10:30 and there was no line to get in .
kazimierz holds a special place in my heart .
it 's not their fault really , but sad nonetheless .
friendly service .
the atmosphere on the patio was an added bonus .
hash was cold , eggs cold .
dirty , dirty , dirty .
very reasonable prices and accommodating staff !
when you go somewhere with low expectations , sometimes you get pleasantly surprised .
i would recommend sharing there .
my food was b l a n d. atmosphere was quaint .
i asked the waitress why i paid more .
we got the cajun strip sandwich and the original pizza .
went here cause i wanted japanese style sushi .
wow !
we love this place and ca n't get enough of it .
i went for the first time last night and it was delicious .
the service was also really bad .
awesome place and i recommend it for breakfast or lunch !
and they charge for the some of the shows .
great place in chandler if you do n't have too high expectations .
the exotic mushroom pan fry is also a great choice !
the food here is fantastic and they have large portions .
great people and surprising amount of fun !
the waitress spoke _num_ words if at all to us .
however , it was cold inside !
the worst part is they came into my apartment without us there .
the rooms in this hotel are bad .
since the first day i 've moved in here there has been endless problems .
guess he assumed i would n't understand .
the cost was $ _num_ ( i thought that was a little expensive ) .
the staff is charming , and the pieces they create are exquisite !
our waiter was very polite but four of our steaks were not prepared properly .
the presentation was even a bit sloppy .
great big meatballs , good flavor and plenty of sauce .
they need to work on people skills as well as speed .
this is a great establishment to have in the neighborhood .
prices are very reasonable and the service friendly and efficient .
the supervisor did n't even seemed shocked that i was complaining .
will continue to visit rosati 's for years to come .
very fun to take your kids and look at the planes as well !
i got a great tan , make sure to get spray on sunscreen .
i will always be loyal to tj .
it was wonderful .
a half an hour went by , still sitting there waiting .
an extra bonus is the amazing gelato shop next door .
and we always start with a caesar salad , also delicious .
they did n't act up what so ever .
if you 're a foodie or just like great inventive dishes .
had the pizza which was excellent !
he was the most rude , condescending person i 've ever come across .
these guys are phenomenal !
great guys .
nice store good location .
flip to the back and see the last _num_ pages or so .
so unfortunately , my first experience was not so good .
thanks john !
this is where anything positive ends .
give this place a try for a very romantic dinner with excellent food .
overall this is a nice place to have dinner .
wonderful family operation !
this is unacceptable and very disappointing .
he helped remove many stains that i thought would never come clean !
obviously i 'm lazy - i 'm eating at sonic !
the only positive are the close with walking distance bars and restaurants .
small unique place .
but nice overall .
keep up the good work !
everyone there was great and kind .
i had already picked out the glasses i wanted to try on .
what a great find !
but the gyro was really good !
party pizza is enormous !
the food is unique and savory .
would n't even look at my cat , wanted me to sign paperwork .
came here for dinner and was not disappointed !
the landscape is beautiful and the floor plans are generous .
we ordered hummus and the yogurt dip and it was addicting !
fabulous flavors of new mexico style food .
ca n't wait to never return .
my nails look absolutely wonderful !
very nice people , and very professional .
amazing .
wrong .
the salon is fun , clean and classy .
the food was spectacular .
good place to go anytime .
meatballs , the veal , etc .
the grilled meats were done very well .
either way , horrible quality frozen meat .
with much hesitation i paid for my gf and myself 's entry fee .
the cheese cake is amazing and they have a great little bar inside .
chicken , fried rice .
which , was n't the first time cops were in the complex .
if you 're into that sort of thing , be my guest .
lots of bad reviews about the same stuff .
unfortunately everything that our family liked , they changed and ruined it .
love this museum !
the wait staff is always friendly too !
he 's also extra soft .
- great food .
absolutely love this place .
i moved to arizona ... .
great drink specials and happy hour entres are just a few bucks .
_num_ ) the locker rooms are dirty .
plain terrible .
it 's beyond words how bad it is .
we got to our room and found a great layout and beautiful view .
also , they are super expensive .
when we got there , it was pretty empty .
not coming here anymore .
they loved it .
in the end , the paint job was flawless and so shiny !
this was not acceptable and we left .
so it 's my fault for buying beer there ?
suzanne is amazing !
above average to really tasty bar food .
my water glass was always full .
thank you so much !
excellent food !
a week and still no washer ?
sorry to say , they lost me as a customer .
that 's not exactly a recipe for a long line .
the outside tables were clean , and the staff was pleasant and attentive .
someone needs to do a better job managing this location .
not inedible , but not worth eating and especially not for $ _num_ .
great service from the staff and very generous and affordable meals .
so incredibly unprofessional , rude , and inappropriate .
pat was so rude !
his bedside manner is not about manners at all .
just guess the lines .
way too much avocado on the plate with a somewhat stingy helping of ahi .
this is a good place to get fat and poor .
just walked in , tried to order something to go .
i looked at yelp just to find out what time the band came on .
not sure why not that many people there .
great place also to take those clothes u never wear for trade !
perfect restaurant for any sports fan as the walls are lined with sports memorabilia .
very disappointed !
i love this place .
so surprised to find a good thai restaurant in scottsdale .
atmosphere was fun , eclectic and lovely to be outdoors !
the food was relatively inexpensive & delicious .
the pizza sub is awesome !
the manager was very nice and offered to bring him some additional shrimp etc .
the best breakfast joint in chandler !
the only thing nice about this dish was the broth which was wonderful .
also , they charge ridiculous amounts for fat quarters .
the nutella dessert was so incredible !
very nice and clean .
thank you all so much !
three of our party ended up ordering bottomless sodas to satisfy the minimum .
i had the shrimp scampi , which was the best i 've ever had .
you can tell this place is under new management !
we have given this place many chances and every time we are disappointing .
do n't understand the 3-5 stars for this place .
first , i 'll say the service was great .
love this place for lunch .
very good not off the chart , excellent service , reservation are very prompt .
they are the most professional staff in the entire valley !
extremely rude .
love the patio , dining under the stars !
the food is awesome !
the tottie rolls are also amazing .
i know everyone who works there and that 's great .
it 's always the first place i eat at when returning to scottsdale .
still one of my favorite all around places in the valley .
needless to see we will never be returning here and wasting our money again !
great !
great karaoke spot .
they seem very conscientious , and most important to me , honest .
my husband ordered the halibut ( suggestion from waiter ) and it was overcooked .
it was definitely worth visiting if you are in phoenix/scottsdale !
and the service was poor and rude .
_num_ minutes after they left stopped working .
mike is excellent .
the atmosphere is pleasant and warm .
the egg drop soup is some of the best i 've ever had .
highly recommended !
all told the coach would be in their hands for _num_ to _num_ weeks .
horrible customer service .
meanwhile she makes no attempt at a conversation .
the pizza was fantastic , and their wine selection was simple yet extensive .
i stared at him and shook my head and he ignored me .
very little chips and salsa on the side .
if that is the case , we 're all in trouble .
grew up on real chinese food in california and this is not it .
service , great .
highly recommend .
great wine list !
i will definitely be returning .
the food is wonderful !
super friendly awesome helpful staff !
amazing place , friendly staff .
even hot it was not good .
just a great italian joint .
i checked my credit card today and saw a charge of $ _num_ .
the service is always fast and friendly .
fun place to have drinks at happy hour .
delicious and a great value !
terrible !
certainly not worth all the hassle .
great service !
my response was stuck on the east side parking lot .
our first experience was at the persian room and it was a great one .
so got ta buy each one separately .
definitely worth going again .
less than one star - i live here and the staff is terrible .
the one i want is $ _num_ .
you guys really came through and she was very pleased !
such a major disappointment .
service is very good , waits have not been long .
made sure i was completely satisfied !
not as much as i expected , but everything was on one bill .
have just done the walk through of my new apartment and it 's fantastic .
however the staff left me quite wanting .
chips were ok but salsa was n't .
their veal parm is amazing .
skip the grill and drive _num_ minutes down to the white chocolate grill .
love lunch express !
highly recommend coming to this starbucks , definitely my favorite , i love it !
i loved my evening , and even tried the rattlesnake .
and not just a little wrong but completely a different dish .
great little mom & pop gyros place .
this is as authentic as it gets .
the subs are n't even what they used to be .
they truly care for you and your vehicle there !
honey hot and the teriyaki wings are my favorite .
what a great place .
i ordered the burro chimi style cause i like a crispy shell .
the food is good and it 's a good friendly environment .
great way to unwind and relax .
the `` steak '' on the nachos looked like beans .
visiting from california .
secondly , i never asked for a free meal .
what a great spot !
the food is worth the price .
they have a great happy hour and a wonderful complimentary bread basket .
if i could give them no stars i would .
i love love love this store .
will definitely return !
and finally ( one time _num_ minutes later ) we get our food .
the food was nothing to write home about .
great spot !
the customer service is awful .
really .
one of my favorite resorts in america .
just ca n't eat this stuff anymore .
the food actually has flavor !
we always use rosa and she does a great job .
yet when i sign in to my yelp account it is indeed listed .
over $ _num_ after some drinks and a double tip .
ambiance is perfect !
aka fresher fish , better ingredients , and superior preparation .
highly recommend .
outstanding customer service .
after this experience i do n't think i will ever return .
i do n't know why i ever call in orders for this place .
regular live entertainment at attached bar next door .
best chinese food ever .
not very in tune with a patient 's need to know .
it was so delicious !
my tooth still has not been taken out after this unfortunate event .
love the food here .
the guys are great , service is always with a smile .
could feel every spring in the bed and pillows were a joke .
worst scottsdale service i have had in the past _num_ years .
called them and they simply told me that i ordered wrong .
never got the craps afterwards but that was a surprise .
i was so disappointed in this potential venue for my wedding .
i lived there for almost _num_ years and it was horrible .
my go-to thai order is panang curry .
exceptional service .
the salsa was truly the worst i 've every had .
it was cold out that eve so i requested the front door be closed .
so i asked for a bit more butter , but i never got it .
from the atmosphere , to the service to the food .
basically a free manicure , how bad can it be ?
i ordered the exotic mushroom pan fry one of the signature lunch dishes .
fresh baked goods there !
went to the bakery today and it was fantastic .
this salon is the best !
the food is amazing .
wo n't be going back !
very friendly staff !
the staff and manager were both excellent , and the food was great .
i got my car towed down the street _num_ blocks .
my pregnant wife and i visited this restaurant on our last night in az .
if new management have taken over , guess what , you have failed .
this was the worst thing i have ever tasted .
they take forever to deliver and when they do , its all wrong .
we 've always had wonderful dishes .
chopped salad is legit !
horrible , horrible customer service .
the comedians were pretty funny , and you ca n't beat the price .
i felt so bad for her .
her professionalism and talent keep me coming back for more .
count it .
no dice again .
excellent pediatric dentistry .
i 'm a big fan of this place !
all else was greatly disappointing .
thank you yelp reviewers .
the egg fu young was horrible .
ugh .
the rice was cold and not fresh as it seems like .
one of my favorite spots .
great eats here too .
selection was limited and the styles were all ghetto .
nice little place and it 's open _num_ hours .
overall the food was good .
i doubt i 'll be back .
but have n't yet complained .
wow , this place is good .
the have some nice local artwork , too .
i love this place .
excellent location !
i would definitely recommend .
this place is absolutely to die for .
this place is really cool for a small little dive bar .
needless to say neither of us finished our meals .
service is spotty .
i always worry this place will go out of business .
thank you dustin for my amazing hair !
i 've had better menudo at filibertos and i 'm mexican !
our waiter jeremy was great as well .
it 's never very crowded and the regulars are a hoot .
_num_ % dissatisfied .
i sat there for _num_ minutes and no one came to me .
our family buys all of our bikes here .
our server , lisa , was slow .
clothing , shoes , gifts , jewelry , food items etc ... .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .
so ... ya , theres something for everyone .
was a very good experience .
great hotel .
good music .
this place is amazing !
it 's really a shame .
i love the place .
when the food finally arrived it 's was bland and tasted stale .
all the people very friendly and accommodating .
great , low key option in old town scottsdale .
will go back for sure !
i would never use them again .
we definitely make use of that great offer .
so i would n't recommend this place .
i do n't know of many other places where i can get that .
the food is outstanding !
you feel like you 've stepped into a different world .
a great ending to a long day at work !
great food ok service .
the rest of the staff are always great as well .
this place delivers on all of these items .
the staff here have been amazing .
we are so glad we found this cute wine bar !
it 's a much better option than the club scene .
the place is pretty but internet is horrible .
potential used car buyers be warned .
the ambiance is wonderful when seated outside .
restrooms are clean .
great location .
i wo n't go back .
again super awkward and we just wanted to get the heck outta there .
great atmosphere for a date too .
these douche bags made us pay our bill twice on sat .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .
amazing !
service was beyond horrible .
for one , it was very unprofessional and two , very out of line .
it 's fairly casual , but charming at the same time .
i love pastries and these do not disappoint .
her boutique has a fabulous selection of designer brands !
it was a great experience .
please visit them .
visited this lovely little piece of heaven today .
the ribs and service were excellent .
the service was not great and seriously the food is lacking !
highly recommend this place .
they are ever upbeat and positive .
i have been here _num_ different times on my business travel .
wish it was closer to home , i 'd go more often .
after we ordered , they said they never told us they would do that .
definitely will come back .
trust me , it 's totally worth it !
you just get sick of sitting in a dealership .
i have also had pizza & calzones here & both are absolutely awesome .
perfect combo !
i had to wait about _num_ minutes and dr. christina shows up .
not a single person came or left the _num_ minutes we were there .
they are in my top _num_ spots for a great breakfast .
she said she did n't like them at all and gave no suggestion .
indeed the restroom is fancy and very clean .
i will not go back to ace hardware again .
came here early one morning after hearing such good things about it .
and would n't you know it !
i highly recommend them .
i love the food here .
the place is indeed charming , but ultimately not worth it .
i consistently find the staff here to lack any type of customer service skills .
he was knowledgable and polite .
pricey but the customer service is always great .
i wanted a refund for the flooring and went through visa to get it .
food was not great at all .
was a tube tv from the early _num_ 's .
service was very good .
fun times !
everyone is nice .
i would not go here during regular hours and regular prices .
extremely bad karma for charming old town scottsdale !
a great place to spend the day !
i only had _num_ that were worth a damn !
they have a good chicken noodle soup and the bagels are delicious .
consistent , quality food - we enjoy going there about once a month !
this place does horrible work .
not even worth the convenience .
_num_ for biscuits and gravy with toast and hash browns .
the decor is great and the service did not let us down !
i love kelly 's designs .
this is the best guitar shop in scottsdale , period .
great service , professional service people , , will be a customer for life .
the tortillas are extremely tasty .
he ( tim ) ignored us and was super unfriendly .
these guys are great !
highly recommend him !
anyway no go for animal lovers !
the food was great .
i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .
best pizza in az so far !
got soy paper for the wife and got a bunch of other stuff .
service is always top notch .
maintenance has no clue what they are doing .
the best dish for the night was the jumbo shrimp pasta .
he says okay your total is _num_ .
equipment is in decent shape , but it is rather crowded .
you guys rock !
spice culinary festival last night was fabulous !
i love this place .
amazing .
i guess some people really have no idea what good food taste like .
if you like gyros , you will love king 's .
the chicken was nice and juicy .
the soup was lukewarm as if it had been sitting out .
he is always honest and up front .
food is great as well as wonderful service .
i enjoyed the signature dish as recommendation of the waitress and was extremely pleased .
awesome dinner that we happened upon .
now , this is customer service because she made me feel important .
i would definitely recommend their white chocolate mocha !
i was seriously going to write something a lot worse .
but all and all it was a great time .
seriously , the best cheese crisp ever .
very disappointing for a place that normally gets _num_ stars here on yelp .
had a caesar and oriental salad , and both were good .
this place is uber swanky !
my recent experience at the marquee theatre was essentially like every other reviewers .
this location always has great service and the food is spot-on .
i am not a fan of this place .
michael made me feel comfortable and did a great job on my teeth .
kids love it .
this new and improved dunkin donuts is the worst .
great location !
so far , we have been unable to resolve this in a reasonable way .
yes , it gets worse .
i had the chicken burro enchilada style and the chicken was boiled and dry .
unfortunately i wo n't ever know because no one answers the phone .
_num_ star on a bad day , _num_ stars on a good day .
if you want the best for your pet , you have to go here .
i gave him my name , and that was that -- it was cancelled .
i could have had a cookie .
so many people seem to rave about it .
the bakery is usually my favorite part ... or the sushi !
the only thing good about tom bbq sandwich was the toasted bread .
thanks for making it easy !
we love this place !
it was outstanding service with excellent personality service .
_num_ ) shrimp fried rice .
i had a really great experience here !
i had the machaca burro supreme tonight .
but for a buck , it 's still a great deal !
this place is really trying to be upscale , but it 's not .
their bat brew was alright ... a bit sour .
good eats , enjoy !
unfortunately , the meat did not taste fresh either and really grossed me out .
i recently had drinks and food with friends here .
guaranteed a good night for sure !
the whole place looks dated and not that clean .
so yeah , try the hot chocolate .
does anyone know how to answer the phone there ?
wonderful company .
everyone is so warm and friendly at both locations .
the food was real , authentic recipes from germany .
really bad !
but it was n't , and i was n't .
but they have so much good stuff .
it was terrible .
the inside is clean and the staff is friendly .
very unpleasant dinning experience .
my favorite is the strawberry glazed !
too loud inside and too crowded for success .
bad attitude .
always prompt , courteous and professional .
she says i 've been rude since she told me about the coffee .
great food , great service .
very comfortable atmosphere and the bat tenders are witty and fun !
love it .
thank you for making our last night with our family together a memorable event .
good food and freindly staff .
the coffee really is n't worth it .
the margarita side was better but also need excessive parmesan to taste well .
poor customer service .
he was rude and did not deserve our service .
first off , their maintenance is horrible .
i have even walked out because of it .
i was impressed by the whole package .
not having that money made our trip back home very difficult .
all in all , everything in their menu is overpriced by approximately $ _num_ .
i would definitely recommend going there for breakfast or lunch !
brought in laundry on a friday , told it would be ready monday .
old town scottsdale is a great town to walk around .
they also take special requests !
everything looks great and works just like it should .
the people are friendly and the selections are very good .
i found the best kept secret in mesa on valentines day .
i am so disappointed .
service was fast and friendly !
i recommend this auto mechanic to all my friends .
this is a very compassionate lady that owns this store .
they got cold really fast .
the salad bar was pathetic and the soup was mediocre at best .
would highly recommend and love to come back !
random employees coming and going , no consistency .
stop by if you have a chance it 's worth it .
the food is hot , and spicy and really good .
you will be at ease !
unfortunately , i was wrong .
why , oh why are they so condescending ?
i really did not want to eat my breakfast next to a large dog .
i was immediately disappointed with this hotel .
i feel so lucky to have zizzo 's in my neighborhood .
so , we went elsewhere .
my friend asked for the ravioli instead ... should n't be that hard .
i love wood fired pizza and was excited to give theirs a try .
this great taco truck uses fresh ingredients !
ate in the bar and we ordered the prime rib and rib dinner .
the fish quality is usually pretty bad and this was no exception .
sushi is bland and not anything to write home about .
loved the all american hot dog with tater tots meal !
quaint restaurant off the beaten path .
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .
my favorite dive bar in old town .
awful awful awful !
for being in the middle of nowhere this was definitely worth driving out there !
staff always greets you warmly .
extremely patient & he very helpful .
great bar .
this is my favorite sports bar and grill in the valley !
was an elegant evening .
so i grabbed my shit and left .
unless you 're going for happy hour i would definitely advise avoiding this restaurant .
great pizza , and at a good price too .
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .
but no .
they are so fabulous here !
my husband loves the food .
the hummus is delicious and their chicken never lacks in flavor .
there are a lot of available units , there is a reason for that .
typical mall restaurant , average food for above average prices .
food was wrong and tasted like it was left overs from last week .
overall i had a great time and the food was pretty good too .
what a great marriott !
i would not recommend that anyone take any sort of equipment here .
plus , woman who worked the meat dept was so friendly and helpful .
pool is very clean and the evening cookies are so delicious .
as with the meat , they put only a small cut on each sandwich .
it was awful .
i had a bad experience with the service of the place .
yeah !
i also love the decor , full of cozy couches and chairs .
my girls shared the chicken teriyaki and were not impressed .
one can only dream about grimaldi 's opening in la one day ... .
poor service - slow , confused , language barrier .
great wings .
what if i change my mind ? ''
fresh donuts and great service !
i 'm stoked !
we wo n't be back to this lv again .
too bad ... .
food , dcor , service are all good - cornbread is awesome .
well , not so much .
you 'll spend a good evening !
pool was wonderful .
what was left was literally _num_ small bites .
service great .
really rude server .
( yes , i really said that , i know ... ) .
grab a beer and bring a friend for an enjoyable time .
overall , a fantastic afternoon !
i am a big eggs benedict fan and was eager to try their version .
definitely will be returning .
i would definitely recommend it .
great place to watch the game !
i 'm in heaven .
horrible injera , it was not warm or fresh at all .
nice crowd and cheap liquor made it a good time .
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .
took my suv there to get the air fixed which stopped blowing .
service was fine .
we had a birthday party breakfast and the were delicious .
there staff is friendly , and the place is very clean !
it 's really good !
very happy !
she said she asked another wait staff to bring it over .
the parking is always a nightmare and there is always a wait .
the staff is friendly , knowledgeable and give great service .
i was not impressed by any of it .
the sundaes are always made up to perfection .
good service , and nice seating .
thank you for a fantastic party !
everything was really good .
i would highly recommend them !
our service was good .
she was extremely nice , as was the rest of her staff .
i second that - excellent customer service !
one month later ... still no credit .
all of their staff was nice , courteous and helpful .
the wings are still the best i 've ever had .
i will be sure to tell anyone in need to go here .
staff are very friendly .
quality ice cream in a very cute shop !
unbelievable .
they staff is so friendly and know us by name .
i genuinely do n't want anyone to have to go through what i did .
the best chopped salad on the planet !
no wake up call .
i love this place !
a wonderful place to spend time at fashion square !
also , walls are paper thin !
highly recommended !
i was very happy with the service and the food was excellent as well .
best beef cheese steak sandwich ever !
i could n't imagine having to sit next to her .
it was greasy , very salty and the order was wrong .
at least you know going into it that the food will be mediocre .
got ta love being in the heart of oldtown !
the best mexican my party had ever had .
has great food and very friendly staff .
great food .
do not use this company !
however , it just keeps getting worse .
it is a drive for me but their subs are worth it .
this is definitely my favorite grocery store ( sunflower is a close second ) .
i had a lazy afternoon and was excited to check it out .
each and every time we had such bad service we were given free desserts .
thank you !
like no one !
they just need to get their staff in order .
they have terrible customer service .
i 'm not saying this veterinarian office is n't good .
clean environment , friendly environment , great service .
great place to go to start an old town adventure .
how disappointing .
it 's just a great place for happy hour or romantic dinner for two .
love this place , they have a new loyal customer .
this place is awesome the staff are wonderful my kids love it here .
bad bad customer service .
denny 's served far better breakfast , i 'm sorry .
all these people ca n't be that wrong !
we love the sweet & sour chicken and mongolian beef combo plates .
no offer to check , just `` i do n't know . ''
i placed three calls to the service department with no return calls .
sandwiches , bread , phenomenal .
food is always spectacular .
had the time of my life , both visits !
highly recommend it !
i felt like the work done was n't worth the price paid .
i just was n't happy with the service i received here .
would n't recommend this place to only trashy people !
wonderful italian wines .
the more beers the better !
no diamonds were missing .
fail .
set up is weird .
this victoria secret is easily accessible within the scottsdale fashion square on camelback rd .
the state of restaurants in phoenix is pathetic .
thank you for a great visit - i 'll be back !
they ran out of boneless wings .
not gon na visit this one again .
just be prepared to be sitting in old uncomfortable chairs .
considering a membership due to the great experience .
great place .
the room was very clean .
i did not dig the crowd either , not a very happening place .
will definitely be back for future service and repairs .
good st. louis style pizza and great ribs .
i love how some of the rolls have a local theme , nice touch !
and i love their thai iced teas ... .
with the rain outside , it only made it worse .
love their sushi and beef short rib soup !
very unique setting and resort .
try it it you will like it .
she made me feel comfortable and was informative .
i understand things go wrong .
i ordered the pad thai and i was unsatisfied with the meal .
the tamale was amazing _num_ the best deal ever !
menu vast and has a mexican flair with old school diner .
the service is fine .
i highly recommend this company !
this is the best pizza in az !
delicious food .
i will definitely return for my next oil change .
third , they dont seem to care !
not a good way to cure a hangover .
i paid over _num_ bucks and got a really pathetic wash .
the employees were friendly and helpful .
incredible menu and reasonably priced for the area .
her ma vanessa is fantastic also .
i 'm so happy we came by .
delicious !
well deserved !
homemade rice and beans were wonderful also .
highly reccomend this office !
everything that goes on it is sooo fresh !
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .
the sales associates are really nice and wo n't hesitate talking to you .
the pizza has been excellent every time as well as the service .
will come here again and again .
great tacos , cool patio to kick it with a corona .
i would go back there in a heart beat .
hot and spicy bean curd was wonderful .
the salads are also great and the service has always been good .
her positive and happy attitude have made this such an enjoyable experience .
this place is overly trendy and the sushi is n't very good at all .
i had the seafood combination last night and it was amazing !
it has an incredible light sweetness to it with their signature cornbread as croutons .
after they take your money , they wo n't even return a call .
their gel nails last for weeks and the pedicure massage is highly recommended .
pf changs has delicious food in a quiet beautiful place .
the doctor was also very helpful and understanding .
i should have just left at that point .
letting cleaning people in my home takes a lot of trust .
scottsdale air has impressed us the most .
but i really hate when i leave a place feeling used & played .
thanks guys !
on a last attempt our card went through .
he also stated there are bars on the building for bikes .
i love this place !
no call .
i will definitely be going back again and again !
the sauce on it is great , and the portion is gigantic .
add in the crab dip as an appetizer and i am a happy girl .
good example is their incredible meat loaf which i thought was long gone .
yum i love the food !
im not that pushy .
trendy , over priced , typical snotty scottsdale attitudes .
beautiful place to eat in a great setting .
still the best around !
portions are good , had leftovers .
i 've been there numerous times and had amazing service every time !
potatoes and onions are finely chopped and sauteed to perfection .
great , honest service with fair prices .
had a nice atmosphere , quick service , great steaks , and prime rib .
that smothered chimi is divine !
food and service , was the best !
they were great .
customer service is impeccable and so personable .
so glad to find a place that is fair and highly qualified !
love this place !
it was my first time going , had a great time .
owner needs to get new staff and clearly bring back customer service .
the valet is very helpful and the service is fast .
my sandwich taste like its been sitting in circle k for weeks .
a great price for the quality of the food .
cue club is n't what it is all hyped up to be .
the greek menu options are great .
pork tenderloin , apps , sides all just right .
i called the front desk but they we not helpful .
this immediately pissed us all off and ruined our experience .
my bad .
the service is friendly and prompt .
they did a great job taking care of my car and what i needed .
just absolutely great service .
i will also say the wait staff was friendly , but a little slow .
i do n't care if everyone in your party has n't arrived .
his prices are very reasonable and he is professional and friendly .
too much good stuff close to home .
instead we received dishes that ranged from ok to awful .
we were offered a _num_ % discount for inconvenience , which was not enough !
everything is amazing .
our friends had steak - cooked perfectly .
my family and i ate here just a few days ago .
they are so nice and really show that they care about your pet .
full of rosemary flavor without the crunch of it .
very courteous & fast .
brunch fail .
it was not as severe as the _num_ tooth opposite side .
so , about three minutes after i posted this , the phone rang .
it may have been understandable , but she was not polite about it either .
the filet is probably the best thing on the menu .
came here last year for spring training ( go giants ) and will return .
will not come here again .
the pizza is outstanding !
just make sure you like food a little spicy : ) .
their tacos are very good .
it 's amazing !
but still , a great alternative to chinese or pizza .
other than that it as a good experience .
always feel like i was treated fairly and received good service .
the restaurant has a delightful italian charm ambiance .
stephanie is the only person i let touch my hair .
this is a great little dive bar .
i personally love the eggplant with noodles and their pizzas which are stunning !
there is no tub in the room .
i 'd even go to buca de beppo across the street over this place .
a great place to watch sports !
i love their french toast with challah bread .
she was very unprofessional and even dropped the f word .
however i did not enjoy the food .
this staff is never prepared for the dinner rush .
it was a great feeling , and i 'd recommend them to anyone .
super local place with great food and a great atmosphere .
very pushy and not customer friendly at all !
fast , friendly and great results .
i highly recommend this business ... they wo n't let you down .
the tile selection is amazing and the sales staff are great to work with .
fantastic wine and cozy atmosphere make cowboy ciao a scottsdale staple .
... and i spent a couple of hours in our hotel bathroom that night !
we still left $ _num_ on top of a $ _num_ bill .
not romantic at all .
this place is awful !
network automotive service center is a good honest shop .
it appears they are just after your money .
great views and the food is fantastic .
love this store !
now that i know where this place is , i will definitely be back .
thank you for your # _num_ customer service !
thank you gel q !
avoid this bank if you are in any sort of hurry .
better service , better quality - thank you robert !
the food was not spectacular .
really enjoyed this little place .
blue adobe had very good food .
when i called , the guy claimed someone must have switched the tag .
overall great experience , will definitely return .
i work in the hotel industry and i always got compliments from my guest .
his response was that he did not have the authority to do that .
my dad and i split a whole combo sandwich .
great service .
fantastic selection and if you do n't see something you want , just ask .
had an iced tea that was horrible .
so delicious - flavorful and a little sweet .
i was thoroughly satisfied with how authentic and fresh the food was .
a disappointing electronics store for its size .
the only plus was that they thanked us on the way out .
your products are not horrible but your service is the worst .
dr. was very kind !
you will love them as much as my girlfriend and i do .
very much recommended !
not a normal mcdonalds im used to growing up .
my options were stupid .
i have had such an awful experience with this place .
food was delivered by a very nice lady .
just so-so and very salty .
but i really like it nonetheless .
do n't waste your time !
i do not recommend ever going to this subway .
but i completely respect it .
they also pour a great glass of wine .
their mixed drinks are not even worth mentioning .
favorite thai place in the valley .
the decorations and lighting are beautiful !
there simply are n't enough to support the audience .
we really enjoyed their flights they have to choose from .
she had no idea why it had n't been delivered .
so ridiculous .
i 'd rather be stuffed in a trunk .
everything is so delicious .
try the take out to impress your next dinner party !
great $ _num_ mojitos .
the central air conditioning is terrible .
it 's a very fun space with a lot of talent .
way too much food .
but fuck , they should probably be out of business .
the menu and food is great and the wait staff is professional .
friendly staff , relaxing atmosphere and scrumptious food .
he was very professional and installed all three fans in three hours .
amazing !
she is very smart and a total perfectionist .
pizza and wings hit a spot that had not been hit in awhile .
the lady that took the order said no msg in their food .
loved this place .
barros has good ranch .
what a wonderful number , eh ?
apt life kind of sucks anyway .
my advice : spend your money elsewhere .
normally i like shopping here but , today was my last visit .
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .
very cute !
dry bland potato wedges .
mary checked my ring in about _num_ seconds and than cleaned it .
the pizza is excellent .
the food here was fantastic !
excellent customer service !
unbelievable .
this church made us feel like we were at home .
cooked perfect and good flavor .
i highly recommend checking out their menu for a meal to go !
love this place !
the service was great .
pretty good !
the household aisle was full of fun goodies for foodies .
a little kindness goes a long way , boys .
i got a machaca burrito , and it was super great !
i love the mini chimis here !
nice , casual atmosphere and above average , varied and large mexican dishes .
thank you fifth ave !
i would not even pay $ _num_ to go here .
they have a great cherry mule as well .
how the hell can a pizza that long at _num_ in the morning ?
around _num_ degrees .
bartenders are personable and genuine .
i wo n't be going back .
food was excellent .
overall it was a negative dining and drinking experience .
this is highly recommended .
got us in an out .
whatever you do do n't rent here .
very friendly staff who really care about the dogs and extremely reasonable price .
the food was delivered very fast and it was good !
the mixed drinks are horrible !
i moved _num_ miles away .
the bar is a perfect date spot .
my first time at this sephora and i had a great experience .
will be coming back !
... you know your going to eat well .
the bartenders are great and they make great drinks !
so cool .
the worst ( in every way ) restaurant i have ever been to .
the combination of savory with a splash of sweet is out of this world .
i will never attempt to go to this crappy college again .
and the chips and hot sauce is so good !
nothing my date ordered was very appetizing .
my advise , eat dinner before you come .
a good resort for a quick staycation or getting away !
it 's not a burger destination .
the staff has always been so pleasant and accommodating .
amanda is amazing and helpful .
the service was good , but all of the food i had was lacking .
theres also trivia tuesdays and much more !
terrible !
they are very accommodating and helpful .
miso is decent , and the atmosphere is energetic .
thanks !
all and all its a great place with friendly accommodating staff .
i would n't stay here again if they paid me .
thank you for your kindness and hospitality .
this place is expensive , and not worth the price .
a great place to go before the movies .
indoors looked brighter and more welcoming , as well .
we 've tried several different different breakfast items ... all good .
on weekdays , bring the whole family and have a blast !
perfect little meat shop .
excellent facility .
i would highly recommend for a nice dinner .
the _num_ stars comes form the insanely loud live jazz music .
there 's games a plenty to watch and a jukebox .
makes it hard to call and place an order ... called _num_ times .
especially stan !
worth the drive in every way .
salmon blt ... better than a salad !
service is slow even if your the only customer .
great service !
no air conditioning , no tv or radio , no water fountain .
the pizzas always have the perfect amount of cheese and toppings .
the persian ice cream was delicious , it smelled like roses .
only flavor was ketchup .
do n't make me .
highly recommended .
i 'm giving macayos money ... not the other way around .
worth stopping by every few months to see the new styles .
hands down one of the best in town .
highly recommend for a romantic night out !
very very intimate !
great service and great food .
fortunately , you saved yourself _num_ bucks .
thank you so much for your help !
delicious root beer and chicken wings !
the decor is a bit old school and the music is down right annoying .
this woman lacked any expertise .
she does an excellent job and is reasonably priced .
i just want to thank them for all the great accomodations .
good , thai food .
this place is horrible !
this was such great food !
they deserve no stars .
thanks for nothing , jamba juice .
let 's face it , scottsdale can be a real pain in the ass .
i guess we should have actually looked at course before we paid .
our server was terrible .
this place has an amazing diner feel and it 's delicious to boot .
really made picking the right combinations of pieces simple .
love the quarter and half chicken plate .
just got it back and it plays amazing !
previously there was n't much wait and things went smoothly at his old location .
for _num_ yr .
service is great .
i am not impressed , but also because i was expecting a lot .
this is a great place to seal deals of all sorts .
much smaller portions , cheap on the ingredients and the waitresses have more attitude .
who needs bad information and poor customer service , we decided no more .
i do n't know how you 're still in business , otto 's .
from the very beginning we experienced lackluster service .
this entertained me greatly . )
i was totally impressed with everyone and how quick my problem was diagnosed .
it 's comfort food !
- my car battery died .
big disappointment !
we are convinced it was the lettuce and poor hygiene from the kitchen staff .
cheap great service and high quality food .
incredible .
they saved me $ _num_ .
very friendly staff , very professional the restaurant interior was clean and well maintained .
coffee is so-so , but the taco omelet is so delicious .
she asked for some spinach added to hers .
great food , no frills !
the rooms are clean and the cleaners are meticulous .
not a place for foodies .
the people at the front desk have always been friendly and chatty .
had the bandera burger , it was amazing .
the green chili was very unremarkable .
best breakfast in town !
good tortillas .
then they went back to talking to each other before i could respond .
staff friendly and happy .
chorizo and egg burrito was great .
friday comes around , _num_ am .
wonderful wine selection , unique cocktails , charming ambience , and excellent service .
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .
cookies had just come out of the oven .
the buffet is now one of the worst indian buffets in town .
outstanding !
i love the soda pop shop it has an amazing selection of imported drinks .
that all the food was bland ?
never go here , it 's bad .
nerves , and do everything they can to help you relax and be understood .
it was perfect for our needs and within walking distance of so many places .
all you can eat shrimp really hits the spot !
hire private security like every other establishment .
i hate this place .
i love the location , the indoor/outdoor options and the music .
not good beans .
great place to go with your buddies after a day of golf .
deep fried breaded wings that turn to mush .
they even deliver within a large range of miles .
good food .
yes , better than the top shop .
apparently it was my bad .
chris in management ; she is truly a gem .
i love this part of town and how tucked away the restaurant is .
she does n't give a shit .
the place is very out dated and the plumbing here is awful .
my husband felt bad to complain a 2nd time so he brought it home .
the waitress says `` ill put it in a box to go '' .
still terrible for all the same reasons .
the actual mri took an hour but the staff was again helpful and comforting .
the food is always good and always tastes nice and fresh .
the food and service here is phenomenal !
good coffee , fresh & very tasty food .
very outdated and over all such a waste of time and money !
best .
this location is right next to my work and is incredibly convenient .
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .
excellent service .
if you so happen to enjoy their beer so much .
_num_ of the _num_ orders were delivered .
great fresh sushi at the lowest prices around .
the food is ok but the service just sucked .
know your company policies and do n't inconvenience the customer !
happy hour deals looked good as well .
the cannoli is epic .
the energy and atmosphere reminded me why i love az !
service want as good as it has been in the past !
the service was great , the food was great !
food was average at best but the worst part was the poor customer service .
no courtesy call , email reminder or a friendly text .
thank you midas staff !
for the price , a good breakfast .
kayla p. took great care of me .
i probably wont be back although not bad .
i have made complaints to the leasing office that went unheard .
delicious food !
they have thrifty icecream ... the best and the staff is helpful and courteous .
we got a nice side table .
none of the initial numbers that the salesman presented made any sense .
not sure but i 've never had it as runny as it is here .
some the best italian food in town great service .
wicked good !
the owner is a complete jerk and a drunk .
jacob 's burro was not too bad .
love this place !
she is a genuinely sweet person that enjoys making you look beautiful .
multiple employees cave over and gave my pups love !
instead , a garlicky ranch type dressing .
now just a week later there are _num_ machines marked `` out of order !
if you love caprese , this sandwich is your jam , i promise !
the food was delicious and reminded me of home .
the service is outstanding and the food simply fantastic .
the boat was the perfect size for our corporate event .
not sure why we could not get served today .
it was nothing special and very oily .
great color selection .
so they have a large wine selection ... do n't eat there !
there are way too many wine choices , some which are pretty gross .
he listens to me but looks at me like i am lying .
we really enjoyed the variety , the wine pairings and the quality of food .
she was busy chatting to other customers .
i recommend the pork plate ( i forget what it 's called ) .
i called back and they were unable to fix it .
the driver had the phone number and name of the vehicle owner .
ahhh love this place .
service was excellent with a very good selection on menu for all .
it 's not too wild and has a good people watching vibe .
could i give this place no stars ?
very disappointing .
she said they are out of burgers and bacon since it is sunday .
we had a great time here .
the comedy spot is great !
i got them for a graduation party and they were a huge hit .
this is the real deal , fresh , quality japanese food made properly .
we placed _num_ work orders within the first _num_ weeks of us being there .
my facial was like _num_ minutes long and i could n't even relax .
the service was good .
not good for a very pregnant women !
they have really cleaned up and fixed up this location really , really well .
that is some good ice cream .
the baked cheese appetizer was divine and highly recommended .
this is a place were you come casual and feel very relaxed .
awesome concept and great hook price .
it 's always fresh and hot .
food was brought to the table cold from fridge twice seriously ?
will not be coming back here anymore .
absolutely the worst slow service .
why it takes the orange table _num_ minutes is beyond me .
service was great food was even better .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
this is exactly what ra is for sushi .
but i have to say i 'm disappointed .
love this place .
fast , efficient , quality service with a smile .
would love to host another event here in the future .
we went on a thursday and it was packed .
would absolutely come again !
thank you for providing great food and service !
love this place !
this place is mediocre at best .
az avenue animal clinic is such a wonderful group of caring people !
the pita is supposed to hold the food , not just be around it .
all in all , i wo n't return .
will definitely be back to eat there and buy produce there also .
service is so bad everytime i go i kick myself for going .
all the barbers are top notch .
i ordered a large pepperoni pan pizza togo .
it 's a little pricey but worth it for the quality of food .
unfortunately , the meal was disappointing .
he does not seem remotely interested in customer service .
still he was unsatisfied .
what a lovely location .
i 've never had so much fun !
we come visit twice a month atleast for wing sunday !
the cocktails are also really good .
saved myself a few hundred dollars .
best ruben i have ever had !
great experience overall .
oh , i did mention the fruit plate , did n't i ?
i love this place !
she is thorough , patient and very talented in what she does .
came a few weeks ago for dinner on a particularly cold night .
i was n't planning on coming in there just to eat .
food is fresh and excellent !
we paid for our salads and drinks and left it was so bad .
they were completely dry all the way through .
it was great !
great food and service .
their service is horrible .
always clean , always fresh and always friendly .
i love the relaxed atmosphere .
the dough was like store bought .
i worked with lucy on my _num_ fitting appointments , and she was wonderful .
avoid this place if you value your guitar .
it was so long at that point i could n't stay .
any daily special on the menu is always great and in very large portions .
service was excellent and we will return asap .
as for the coffee , it tastes somewhat watered down in my opinion .
everything was perfect .
this place lost it .
highly recommend !
it 's set right in the airport , which is cool .
they also refused to cover the damage they did !
this bars got it all : women , booze , and more importantly women .
how about `` i 'm sorry we do n't offer hand washing '' .
once again we all enjoyed the time together .
honest air live up to their name .
they loved the rock climb .
next , the food was miserable .
the staff however is some of the worst ever .
i have had such a great experience with in touch .
delicious !
after i paid they told me they did n't have enough biscuits .
do n't waste your time here people .
literally , we sat there with a cleared table for _num_ minutes .
we both , reluctantly , grabbed bottled drinks from the cooler .
recommend anything with the green chile sauce .
we will definitely be back again .
the food was delicious .
very disrespectful !
why make fajitas that need more tortillas than comes with ?
easily the best american restaurant in the area .
note to gammage - immediately do a renovation on the bathrooms !
no attendant .
for some reason today , was the worse experience i 've had here .
have recommended it to friends who continuously have the same experience as me !
each time he stopped by our table i felt rushed .
i would not golf here again .
you deliver excellence .
this is a classy steak house with an expansive menu .
even so , no star granted here .
thanks again .
their happy hour is exceptional .
it looked amazing and i am so happy !
other than that , i have n't gone back because of the customer service .
the have games and a quaint atmosphere .
tatiana is amazing and well worth the hour drive !
strong pours and great for people watching .
it melts in your mouth and has just the right amount of spice .
he is absolutely an amazing surgeon .
service can use some work .
it was your typical greasy spoon diner breakfasts .
good drinks , and good company .
the place is a ghost town , i should have taken a hint .
great spot and awesome drinks !
they gave me a cup for a complimentary small soda while i waited .
what an amazing happy hour !
seriously - this place is too cool for itself .
pretty decent for a bagel place .
very delicious food and drinks !
will definitely stay here again if we ever go back to arizona !
i was n't there long at all and i do recommend this place .
this shop is overflowing with all things of the southwest .
does n't believe it in ?
this is a solid steak spot !
came here with my friends for the first time for a date night .
it was delicious .
shit was delicious tho .
highly recommended them .
let me tell you i have not worn them very much at all .
always professional and very friendly too .
rude people , awful service , long wait times .
good hours , great location , and they speak good english too !
they also always have great sales .
i absolutely love this little place !
cool venue , plenty of seating , knowledgeable , friendly , helpful staff .
absolutely the best pizza and fabulous pizza rolls & pastas .
the waiting room is clean and comfortable .
had the traditional eggs benedict which was very good with potatoes and fruit .
service was painfully slow .
waited _num_ minutes with no apologies or explanation .
first impression : i was greeted right away and that is important .
first _num_ acts was like high school entertainment .
bad service and food .
_num_ ) blood stains on both toilets .
the baklava was the best i 've ever had .
one of my favorite spots near old town .
my favorite bar in scottsdale !
when i found this store years ago , i thought i was in heaven .
raw uncooked dough in the middle .
the coffee was horrible , and the ice tea was flavorless even with lemon .
keep up the genuine service , you 'll grow tremendously .
always wonderful food , service , and atmosphere .
bring your girlfriend there is fun for all .
very good casual food ... extensive , but not expensive , menu .
what could have made it take more than _num_ times as long ?
she really pissed me off .
no we did not .
far exceeded expectations in every way !
not somewhere i 'd go for a low stress , relaxing dinner .
the price is way to high for such low quality .
and of course , it was delicious as usual .
not so much .
this is when it got very disappointing .
our server was very attentive .
i will definitely go back !
highly recommended ... just dont take our table !
do not rent here .
the salsa and guacamole are wonderful here .
no personality at all .
the walls and windows were so thin , you could hear everything outside .
if you have i kids , i highly recommend taking them here .
ended up picking out a medium sized `` garden '' pot .
consistently great work !
service is great .
i have been here only _num_ times since they opened .
me right away to come pick up my new shades .
was extremely rude about it , too .
stop in for a great friday night dinner .
first time it took _num_ minutes more than quoted and the pizza was cold !
my mistake .
overall delicious meal .
good , reasonably priced and fast .
great experience overall .
the waiter was very friendly and has great recommendations .
the customer service they provide is top notch .
the duck is tender and juicy .
the service is always perfect and the employees are super friendly .
what a great place !
our appetizer was a greasy mess and our entrees were small and disappointing .
worst service ever !
every time it has been like trying to order from a monkey .
i could have stayed married and got that for free .
kim the sales guy was great as always .
the baseball memorabilia is fantastic .
some of the best breakfast around !
this chair sucked .
- atmosphere was cramped .
the food was great .
they got the top to bottom everywhere we directed them .
disappointing and not very good .
service was great .
look forward to returning and passing word to friends about this gem in mesa .
best clam chowder i 've had !
the food here is like what you see in the commercials !
prices are fair for the quality of service !
love this place - hidden gem .
we eat here all the time .
amazing atmosphere and great service .
the fact that they charge for using a credit card is also absolutely ridiculous .
tasted like crap so she switched to cabernet .
decent specials .
everything from organic produce to a fresh sushi bar .
they 're the best kept secret of old town scottsdale !
i enjoy that you can wear jeans or you can dress nicely .
then it would n't take my cash .
very disappointed and will never return .
best wings in town !
the meatball sandwich and the sausage were outstanding .
obviously whoever made the food does not eat it themselves .
delivery is fast and still hot .
he also had the steak and really enjoyed that .
not a destination place for its cuisine !
absolutely ridiculous .
great pizza and meatball subs .
karaoke night is always amazing !
please , roaring fork , please bring back the yummy beef jerky !
from our initial phone call and conversation with patty our service was great .
both beth & joe are very helpful and know their business .
vegetables were n't cooked all the way through .
the spa is beautiful .
if you want to enjoy a reasonable dinner , i 'd find someplace else .
moved to chicago _num_ months ago .
there were only three tables occupied , but the hostess ignored us .
nothing special , just damn good ny style pizza .
i would never go back there to see any nail tech .
been here a few times and unfortunately not impressed .
quite liked it .
he was the employee , should n't he have led the conversation ?
other than this , the pizza is like the original .
yeah !
filet mignon : worst filet mignon we have ever had !
the ambiance was nice , contrary to other opinions .
i just always feel comfortable in this down-to-earth office .
they were very genuine , nice , and helpful .
the waffles are amazing .
( i do n't care if it 's designer .
i fly in from denver to see emily lopez .
lunch is also incredible !
i drive from north north north scottsdale just so i can work with ray !
food was really good , as was the service .
had a horrible experience in this bar/restaurant today .
perfect pressure and she really listened to what i needed !
they are always so friendly and helpful !
it was packed with trivia people !
it is a money trap .
one of my favorite pizza places in town .
however this time they got me on the radiator flush .
everyone was so friendly .
biscuits and gravy is the real deal .
the `` strips '' are frickin chips with shredded cheese .
it 's an awesome saloon right in old town , do not miss it !
but this one was by far the best one .
the only positive thing i can say is that the room was clean .
been here a half dozen times and it has been very good each time .
we were told this is the best place here so we tried it out .
their ribs are excellent , as is the potato soup .
they did a great job !
one of my favorite ice-cream places to go to with the family .
the big ass burger was , in fact , quite large .
i was pissed !
so it all essentially tasted the same smoky flavor even the beans and rice !
my favorite spot to eat in mesa !
it is also a good place to go just for dessert .
second one was perfect .
sam is genuinely friendly and helps to create a very welcoming atmosphere .
gas pumps are very nearly useless .
to be treated this way by a drive thru employee is unacceptable .
very disappointed !
i ended up throwing it away .
the best sushi in az !
i find myself saying `` hope to see you soon ! ''
he is very professional and honest as he always recommends what i truly need .
burn marks in the comforter .
flautas and tacos were packed with shredded beef and served with perfect beans .
definitely a fan now .
( this includes $ _num_ for two vodka martinis , btw . )
everything is fresh and so delicious !
not sure i can go back with all the choices around there .
although both were equally decadent and rich and oh so tasty .
( they do make you sign for it when you do so though ) .
not worth the money .
the crust was also very dry and a bit hard .
instead lee morgan handled literally everything and did so professionally and timely .
really happy with the service .
gee , guess i should be grateful .
amazing school .
the delivery was on time and the cake was delicious .
quality service with quality stylists , thumbs up !
delicious .
some days they are more friendly than others , but overall everyone is pleasant .
great beer selection .
he also specializes in leather and can do excellent repairs in all fabrics .
this place is suitable for either .
the lunch menu is really reasonable on weekdays and the food was outstanding .
will be back !
this is by far the best pizza ever !
we left , no service at all .
every shot they pull is old by the time they use it .
amazing prime rib .
for the money , you 're better off going elsewhere .
this place is amazing food is great and the prices our good !
here is the problem .
from airport , free parking too .
seriously who paid for these reviews , does n't taste right to me .
this is one of my favorite local sushi joints !
the paired wine was also very good .
the pesto pizza was good but nothing to write home about .
still , i had an enjoyable experience here .
the owners should probably train their wait staff to be proper .
everything we have tried on the menu is great .
maybe it 's because it 's hot as hell inside that place ?
gel on top is not cleaned up if it gets on skin or cuticles .
the server seemed irritated and very inattentive .
it was amazing !
and this place finally won the honor !
but you blew it last night .
do not go to this restaurant .
great place to unwind and enjoy !
the location is clean and the patio is great !
a class act !
i asked for extra green onions in my mongolian beef .
asked several times but i do n't think he could add or tell time .
it was a pleasant surprise to find in a strip mall .
i will definitely be back .
and showed to genuinely care .
fun place !
the food is amazing & their margaritas are perfect !
great little mexican place .
highly recommend this restaurant when in scottsdale , az .
; ) i highly recommend ray & todd to everyone i know !
beware of the shot wheel & the bar keep 's choice .
i 'm hungry though , so i still dig in .
unable to eat them overcooked .
went here for lunch and was happy with the food and service .
i love his rosemary and his pesto spread , both are a must !
the avenue style is a casual look and i am ok with that .
consistently top notch .
the building itself is very nice and clean .
what a pleasant surprise !
some of the best pizza ever !
the steak was weird tasting .
love this place for that item alone .
pretty good service , nothing crazy good about the service or food .
horribly slow service on a saturday night .
the best .
_num_ or _num_ tables occupied .
so disappointed i will not come back here .
this family is a disgrace to the art business .
loved the bread .
great spot for a cheap date or to take the kids to a movie .
i will definitely be returning !
or maybe that 's just a waste of time .
the margarita selection looked impressive .
i wo n't be visiting this place again .
very cute store .
bunch of clowns and i would steer clear of these guys .
regardless , it absolutely ruined my visit .
the food tasted awful .
everything from the appetizers all the way through our entrees were absolutely amazing !
i had about _num_ minutes left and ordered as much as i can .
from the first phone call everyone was kind , helpful , and on time !
my cousin brought my sisters and i here .
if your planning to eat , go elsewhere !
always perfectly made and the kids menu is just right for the little ones .
rice and beans were fresh .
superb food ( love the calamari salad ) , atmosphere and service .
what a beautiful treasure !
this place serves no real educational purpose .
still romantic and warm .
best mexican food period .
the service was outstanding , the location and ambiance were perfect .
fast and tasty food ... .
i will most definitely go back and highly recommend .
it also tasted bland .
mcdonald 's would have been better .
the guy was super friendly and and very helpful .
so tasty !
you want the newest and best ?
assistant says , `` oh no `` this is just the initial visit !
i was too hungry by that point and disappointed by the subpar service .
the waiter was attentive and surrounding enjoyable .
i will not be shopping here anymore .
good service , cool decor .
wonderful group of people !
i just got ripped off for an up coming show in december .
the iced tea just was n't very good .
food is mediocre .
she really takes care of my teeth .
the spa is wonderful but expensive , but hey , it 's vacation right ?
clean as it gets is how i rate this one !
been going here since i can remember ... thanks guys !
they pizza is good , and they have _num_ or so specials .
had a great brisket sandwich and potato salad .
over all a great bar .
that was pretty horrible -- just dry pieces of breast meat breaded and fried .
the stadium is a nice venue .
small family owned business .
i wrote a review on sunday and now it 's gone ?
prices were very reasonable as well plus the service was great .
kung pao chicken was all the right ingredients just no flavor or spice .
great store with alot of selection of high end brands .
the hamburger did not taste fresh .
the `` salad '' was shredded lettuce with dressing , no veggies .
horrible , inexcusable service every single time i have gone .
the restaurant , rita 's , was outstanding .
these were slightly better than the super pretzels you bake at home .
highly recommended !
she is just wonderful !
i love this shop because of their honesty .
worth a visit , and not just for breakfast !
bad service !
the reception hall and bridal suite on the other hand is a joke .
the steaks were arguably one of the best i 've ever had .
thank you to marshall and his crew for being so amazing .
nice place , good atmosphere , good food and service .
very nice all the way around .
so disappointed to have to write this !
bread is very clean and very tasty !
they are not informed enough to advise you .
luckily they had a spot in front !
they are so patient and helpful while you make up your mind .
great food , friendly family run business .
we had a very disappointing experience with this jeweler .
dee is awesome .
very cool .
fun course overall !
this is a lovely restaurant in downtown chandler .
i had the mussels ... and wow.
wow - what a nice surprise .
very , very disappointing !
i love pop .
secondly , the customer service over all was horrible .
stopped here two weeks ago as i am always looking for yummy pancakes .
pizzas are crazy fresh and delicious .
delicious pizza ?
so now after _num_ minutes i also ask for water , napkins and silverware .
she ca n't help me .
we had _num_ different ice cream treats and everyone was happy .
great service !
looking for a spot with wi-fi and friendly staff , this location is awesome .
will definitely come back .
highly recommended !
amazing place !
positive aspect of this school , fantastic loving staff and wonderful families .
will not come back here .
honestly , the best middle eastern restaurant in arizona .
take the food to go !
went for drinks and happy hour plates .
overall , avoid at all cost .
the refried beans were a flavorless mash of canned beans ; avoid .
great service , great food , great ambiance .
persian room is the best of the best restaurants in arizona .
if i were you there are much better places to go that are close .
if you just want the food , then this is the place .
overall the service was excellent but food was average .
the only pro would be that they deliver .
she made the process super easy , and the flowers turned out great .
she tells me it will be $ _num_ .
lobby is a bit dated , no biggie because it was pretty clean .
he had been upfront , honest and is normally pretty quick .
nice guy , and the service was completed in _num_ minutes .
decent prices !
the food is okay but there drive thru is hell !
she was very nice and gave me an awesome deal .
plates would n't get cleaned off unless i asked .
nice and clean .
just had another great meal here .
we all booked rooms and everyone had a super time .
and these were pretty basic selections - not the fancy rolls with _num_ ingredients .
one of the best pizza places in town , if not the best .
service is horrible .
the pizza was the equivalent of a bad frozen pie .
this location is awful !
we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves here .
great spot that features one of the best beer selections in town .
i just do n't think it deserves more than _num_ stars .
the service is also not great in my experience .
tip : the place is always full in the evening so get there early .
the california burrito was also a great burrito .
got ta love a clean circle k !
service was excellent as was the ambience of the facility .
thorough job .
i have only been here once , but i really enjoyed it .
i guess i 'll post another review when we get our food .
it not , i suggest elsewhere .
w/ side of spinach au gratin .
my last two visits have been for brunch , perhaps that was my downfall .
another great yelp find !
i am korean and from los angeles and i love this place .
thanks lon 's for a great night !
an employee could not find it , and his manager could not find it .
they burn their gluten free pizzas every single time .
order chicken and get no chicken .
it was so gross .
but this place has really gone down hill .
the scrambled eggs were burned and the omelets were undercooked .
but do n't expect free crushed peppers they charge a extra cost .
come here once and i can bet you 'll be back !
i do n't know how they are still even open .
they are the best in town .
i guess it 's my fault for giving it so many chances .
never acknowledged that we were there .
i recommended this place to a client and he loved it as well .
nice !
the rooms are clean and the hotel is clean .
we recently placed an large cookie order with sweet cakes .
we were seated right on time and were treated very well .
love , love , love the strips and cheese .
compared to other burgers this place falls way short , sadly i was disappointed !
been going here since high school and now my kids love it too .
ummm , not my problem .
the chips and salsa were just fine .
well , third time is not a charm .
work always completed on time .
needless to say i got the parts for under _num_ bucks and fixed myself .
they have no idea how many potential buyers they have turned away .
our server was friendly and outgoing .
i asked for a beef patty and the patty was literally falling apart .
we can all get what we prefer as you can order by the slice .
service was a little slow , but the atmosphere is entertaining .
one of my worst dining experiences .
i would definitely recommend blue adobe if you are in the scottsdale area .
food was good but not good enough to be treated poorly .
truly a treat .
i felt rushed through my meal and dining experience .
they brew their own beer , which is always a bonus .
ask for emily lopez , she 's the best !
delicious food !
i always leave full and happy .
after being admitted the nurses were n't any better .
i still have to wait another few days for the other pair .
give it a try !
creamy , delicious ice cream in a fun old-fashioned feeling place .
not so much .
i went to an early morning yoga class yesterday and it was absolutely fantastic !
then she said `` you can just not tip me then ! ''
overall a great meal with great service .
every recipe has changed from wonderful to pathetic .
two had customers , one was filing her nails .
place is outdated and needs some help .
bartender is a really nice guy .
their prime rib is the best !
i think management really needs to work on their employees customer service skills .
this was highly unprofessional ... and annoying .
absolutely loved the experience !
great food .
the setting i received was perfect !
fight the day game traffic while they sat back and enjoyed the ride !
, i would recommend this place .
one of our party had strictly mexican food with no problem .
i know my friends like this place .
i was shocked at how much i loved it .
clean , standard friendly staff , good drinks .
she loved it , my wife loved it , and i loved it .
the food here was rather disappointing .
the food is n't great but it gets you through the day .
went for my friends birthday and it actually was a pretty cool place .
disappointed .
this cute little restaurant is a great go-to when you 're in the area .
i 'm in love with red !
i will definitely be back when i 'm in town !
i ordered ordered a turkey sandwhich along with a gooey cake .
the bouncer was mean to me .
the views of camelback are amazing and it is a very central location .
we really enjoyed it .
come here with a fun group and it 's guaranteed a good time .
the fries were terrible , over cooked and greasy .
my food was fresh and hot .
cool spot to hang out .
now my dog has pain medication and can not move his neck .
garbage !
the waitress did not come back for about _num_ min .
but what really makes this spot special is the food .
the food and service is consistently fabulous .
first time & will be our last time .
perfect !
they have excellent food and customer service .
the bathroom was n't much better .
enjoy !
checking back in to make sure people understand how horrible this vendor is .
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .
the food is not good either .
he rocks and the food rocks !
we will definitely be back !
she practically looked at me like i was stupid and insane .
small place but great !
and the food is top notch !
great thin crust pizza crispy and not too greasy .
good food , good service , consistent with the outback franchise .
you 're probably better off going around the corner to the british open pub .
clean and well kept .
would n't come here for oktoberfest again .
was very happy with the vets approach and the clinic .
the service is one of the best i have ever seen in a restaurant .
but do n't expect something worthwhile .
each person doing exactly what they need to for the best experience .
worst ice cream i 've had in a long time .
the food is excellent and i love the atmosphere .
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .
frankly , we do n't know what the explanation is for this poor experience .
the place is clean .
the queen bed was horrible !
the food was just ok and the presentation was not impressive .
the people are very kind .
brandon was so obnoxious and defensive and denied getting the order wrong .
guac had no flavor .
all in all , great food and we will definitely visit again and again .
there is a wide selection of food and everything is very flavorful .
this was the worst mexican restaurant i 've ever been to .
totally fun place to come in with a group .
now we always go to native !
horrible service , especially from matt in the office .
i got the steak and salsa burrito my fiance got the machaca burrito .
their spa is fantastic !
delicious food .
boy was i wrong .
great selections of food and meat products .
random complaint - the mirrors in the women 's bathroom are for giants .
great place for the value .
orange table does n't cut it .
angle hair pasta with meatballs was very good .
this place is the best in middle eastern food in the valley .
i 'll definitely be back !
however , i was shocked to see the amount of the bill .
it says $ _num_ delivery and i wanted to order a burrito .
this place sucks anyway . ''
delicious arizona chili and fresh bread heaven !
all of this has been delivered about five minutes after ordering .
in the end poor customer service , no courtesy calls , and poor information .
so gross !
i love the atmosphere in this , while small , very charming place .
i really enjoyed this place !
the service here from the spa to the bar is exceptional .
business _num_ class might help his lady .
every item we tried was prepared perfectly , bursting with flavor and piping hot .
did not like orange or lemon chicken because of the thick , thick crust .
i worked out _num_ times that week , and loved the gym .
super professional and so sweet .
great ny style pizza at a reasonable price .
the bar 's selection of liquor is very impressive and pretty affordable .
plenty of herbs and flowers and cactus options .
poor customer service , decent at best smoothies .
exceeded my expectations , the perfect bouquet for our perfect new baby girl !
i left my call back number , again .
this is a great date spot !
the ambiance is always warm and inviting .
thank you dr. edwards !
this is the worst restaurant i have been in a long time !
overall , disappointing .
we immediately had our room changed to a room overlooking the parking lot .
so rare to find honest repair people out there .
the service was very good , the waiter was very friendly .
we enjoy the amazing and very reasonably priced wine menu .
food is dirt cheap and so delicious .
my fiance and i went here last night and had a great meal .
no one at the front register , drive-thru or cook stations .
i will be back without a doubt !
friendly , gracious and efficient service .
got ta love it .
i especially enjoy there cowboy burger combo meal with their delicious raspberry tea .
all exceptionally good .
terrible experience .
by far my favorite dive in scottsdale !
love it !
thank you josh for your help !
bring booze and beers and a cooler !
extremely disappointed with this store .
the shrimp were hard and gummy , the muscles were bitter and rubbery .
the place was small and underwhelming .
i love this place !
it is a small store but manages to have a wide selection of items .
we ordered the carnitas tacos appetizer which is _num_ tacos .
this place has hundreds of sales reps on a floor & nobody knows shit !
really fun place for kids .
i love the staff and the doctors .
they literally thought i was someone else and did n't remember me at all .
there are many more options in that area to spend my time and money .
found this place through yelp and so glad we did !
it 's a ride from the east valley but worth every mile .
however the server forgot my husband 's bacon .
they have it all wrong .
this is real mexican food and affordable .
great prices and they have snack during the game .
not sure if they were just off this time or they do n't care .
most of the time it is n't super crowded .
no thanks .
she was not very friendly .
other than that , i have found the food decent and serve time adequate .
went with a group of about _num_ and had a great time .
i love this location ( besides the construction going on around downtown scottsdale !
terrible .
this ends today sadly .
i felt greasy after eating it , which was a shame .
told me it would take _num_ days .
the charge for my $ _num_ order is still on my card .
great prices and family run ... will definitely come back .
the salads are good , even better if you add chicken or salmon !
a week passed and i never received such confirmation .
friendly and great service .
the price out on the sign for gas is the cash price .
good for lunch or late night eats .
very happy !
the biggest problem we had was service .
the food was bland ordinary , felt stale and uninspired .
the place has a great feel and ambiance to it .
i 've never payed so much for an entree at an indian restaurant .
( this is one of the items that did n't have peppers . )
so many fun finds and it changes all the time .
i agree the best italian hands down .
gyro meat as good as it gets !
mr. hunan why did you have to fail me ?
too much work for them obviously !
the whole front staff and doctors were just wonderful with our babies .
which is good value .
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .
in other words it 's a fake !
totally not recommended restaurant .
plus , i really like supporting a local small business .
i loved my experience there !
pretty much all the things we ate were amazing .
the six of us went out for yogurt because we were really very hungry .
it was very clean and well stocked .
clean place.
the subs are so delicious .
amazing little place .
this set a very negative tone for the rest of our meal .
no refills on waters .
and , oh yeah , they 're all just really fine people here .
plain n simple , delicious .
nice patio area , not too loud or pretentious , good vibe .
overall , a horrible experience on june _num_ , at _num_ pm .
they typically have a line but always move fast .
i would have never chosen to go here but my buddy made me go !
for _num_ dollars .
keeping us running smoothly without rip-off is what marshall and his team does best .
we are huge fans of their reverse happy hour on sundays .
_num_ bottles of wine great beer and great food .
these tasted bagged and almost stale , though the salsa was good .
the inside can use some updating but the place is fine .
i could not wait to get out of there .
we love this place .
the happy family was good as well .
when i got to them there was not an employee to be found .
consistently the best chinese food in the north valley period .
food was so so nothing to rave about .
thank you .
every single time i shop there i leave annoyed by its workers .
sun screens look great and truly help out !
nice wine list too .
but when i came back , she was no longer here !
it is somewhere i have highly recommended since and will certainly visit again .
and , i was the only one in the store during the whole episode .
the staff was friendly and laid back yet still attentive which was refreshing .
they are amazing ( see my reviews on them ) !
i had the carnitas taco special which was two tacos with rice and beans .
fantastic place and very helpful and knowledgeable staff .
always a wait but worth it .
it 's quite and cute .
i will not take anything there ever again .
worst mcdonald 's ever .
that is ridiculous .
the garlic topping is the best with extra cheese !
i just looked at my mom and said ... i can not eat this .
whoever they hired to do the remodel was awful .
definitely recommend .
my mobile order took _num_ minutes .
i must say this place was great !
this place is the best !
great local restaurant .
dr carson and the massage therapists here are amazing .
bagel nosh on the other hand is bland and the worst cream cheese ever .
i will definitely return !
the service of this place is very poor .
it was literally floating in grease .
too dry and too salty .
service is excellent .
friendly service .
a total ripoff no meat on meat lovers pie !
the carnitas were very bland and tasted like they had freezer burn .
the orange chicken is so good !
there is no tv in the bedroom either .
best onion rings we 've ever had and pizza was delicious !
it was delicious !
i found this using yelp and it did not disappoint .
this is really good persian food .
there was a wait but it was worth it .
i took the car in and got the repairs .
they make their donuts fresh every morning .
my sales associate was awkward and did n't even introduce herself .
delicious .
i feel that i 've been prepared extraordinarily well .
and way over spent of this repair .
top notch service !
gf pizza as well is pretty good .
ok never going back to this place again .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
service was exceptional .
and not picture worthy , you jerk .
always enjoy breakfast here .
she came in and said it was hard to tell what it was .
i do n't want a hug .
it was so odd and very uncomfortable .
great place for people 30+ years old .
this place is wonderful !
everything we 've had here has been good !
really wanted authentic chinese food and everything was fried and mushy .
the staff are not attentive .
that is a bit odd but nothing that would make me dislike it .
now do n't get me wrong i go vegetarian all the time at restaurants .
purchased a groupon to eat here and the food was great .
they are extremely generous with the cream cheese on their bagels .
great service !
smoothies was so amazing .
good food .
it is new and modern and really quite beautiful space .
worth checking out !
overall , a nice pie that makes you look forward to more !
disgusting .
nice to find a place with good food and good staff .
i am happy to have found sweet and sour pork .
this place is horrific !
this is a horrible one .
awesome , awesome , awesome !
just enough people but small intimate atmosphere .
the beer selection is pitiful .
these are great !
it is the typical old school sonoran mexican joint .
tottie and her staff always makes you feel welcome .
food was really good , fresh ingredients and very well displayed .
the new management is awful .
while i waited for my food , i went to load up on salsa .
fantastic !
this is my honest opinion because these all were can i say , awful !
about the waiter , wrong sides , and chicken being very over done .
i am so thankful to be out of this place .
then my son wanted mac n cheese and gold fish .
great service .
this place is amazing .
he helped us out greatly by finding a really awesome car !
was just completely ignored for fifteen minutes at the men 's sunglasses case .
so there goes my `` shop local '' thing .
the atmosphere is fun and festive while keeping to it 's laid back roots .
will return !
my husband and i tried _num_ different chicken dishes .
such great customer service .
they use good ingredients , high quality meat , excellent corn tortillas .
very good food .
the first time i ate here i waited _num_ minutes for my check .
will not go back .
good stuff .
the food is n't that great especially for the price .
he returned my call and said , oh it wasnt on the truck again .
to the brewery ?
i called and spoke with the owner and was disappointed in the conversation .
they do a great job .
this is a rip off !
they have a really good burger menu , with some interesting options .
this place is delicious !
this place has some great food .
thanks to yelp i found this adorable wine bar while in phoenix for work .
and the give a ton of treats !
i love this place !
came with a group of friends , and sat outside .
we waited over _num_ minutes , a large inside booth opened and was empty .
thank you , well worth it !
oh man , it 's delicious !
our food was delicious , with enough to take home leftovers .
some of the best cole slaw i 've had !
a restaurant that has always focused on their male servers is getting a facelift !
very enjoyable evening overall on the second floor patio !
my husband got just a scoop of chocolate and it was equally as good .
will always come back !
it was spicy and there was a ton of pork .
i walk in and see two counters with people standing at them .
try to find something better is my next plan .
overall great place to go !
the mount is solid and should last forever , and the dish works great .
our server tiffany was super nice but this place sucks .
the carbonara was the bomb !
it often does not pass .
my favorite is the sweet and sour pork .
the bread may not be fancy but has a great flavor .
i ca n't even begin to explain how wonderful it tasted .
the atmosphere is great also .
very bad .
the chicken was the worst quality of chicken i 've ever been served anywhere !
got there and he still could n't find my stuff .
i would definitely not go back .
another thing i did n't expect was the great service from the bartender .
i would never stay here again .
it 's a wednesday night at 9pm and there are only _num_ people here .
not that it was n't requested .
she would push my moms hands out of the way and just plain rude !
this was just not worth it .
the hollandaise tasted like plain butter .
wanting to take some of their wedding classes !
wonderful marinara sauce i could only eat 1/3 !
_num_ great entrees so far .
pathetic .
every table was covered with dirty dishes and food .
everyone is always impressed and always love whatever they order .
fish tacos are good .
the drinks are cheap , though .
love the straight razor service to clean up the neck .
the huge water feature adds a very romantic aspect to this tavern .
also great homemade tamale burger was great .
i also liked the buttermilk pancakes , and their potatoes .
needless to say , i will be paying them a visit and contacting corporate .
this place is horrible .
this place gets a lot of business during this time .
will continue to stop by here to relax !
i could on and on about how amazing they are !
the food was beyond bad .
old and tired with food to match .
i ordered the salmon that was drenched in teriyaki sauce , it was meh .
family owned .
your animals are in great hands here .
the food is always delicious .
love this place .
my meatball hero was ready but the calzone was not .
all of the servers are friendly and fantastic !
it was right on spot !
best deal to buy a bottle .
just came back from a great evening at the elements .
all were excellent and service was an a+ !
we will not go back .
definitely disappointing food .
i really do n't know how to write a review for food city .
it 's a small little place and it was packed with people .
the quality is exceptional every time .
it was over a holiday weekend and the parking lot was practically empty .
i will never stray again from goodyear due to a good coupon .
family owned with homemade food !
prices are reasonable and they have a nice selection of food to choose from .
what a complete waste of my time .
ac went out in _num_ degree heat .
as the other reviewers said , this place is huge !
she 's not three years old !
so , so , so good.
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .
really looking forward to that ugh !
bottom line , do not eat at tortilla factory .
the service was where our family was greatly disappointed .
over priced on just about everything in stock .
the service was horrible ; it took forever to get anything .
sooooo good !
the slowest subway i have ever visited .
stay far away from these problem people .
however , that 's about where it ends from our experience .
the food here is even better .
its great because it has something in every price point .
the service was mediocre .
it was basically just a stop in while heading from one place to another .
i 've had my private lessons with jacob , who is a great teacher .
always get quality work , in a timely manner without being charged extreme amounts .
not happening .
amazing .
everyone there is fantastic !
it 's august and the renovations have n't even started .
this place is very special .
btw , it 's a good place to practice your spanish .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .
it 's only good business .
great spot .
nice italian place with very good food and service .
well , i ca n't even find the words to express my disappointment .
done in _num_ hour , pants look great .
am here for only a few days soooo sad .
now i know , thanks to the information i was given .
very disappointing .
the free wi-fi had a decent speed , and it was incredibly quiet .
the person on the phone repeated the order and everything was ok .
comfortable dining area .
leave ?
i paid my $ _num_ and i left with my baby .
the worst customer service ever .
i highly recommend stopping in !
will definitely eat here again .
really do love this place .
definitely coming back !
my girlfriend and i shared a bottle of sangria , which was tasty .
will come back !
gina 's spaghetti was great tasting and came with garlic bread .
they fit perfectly now .
you ca n't beat johnny diamonds pricing ... ... ... ... anywhere .
mickey 's is always packed with the worst people in town .
the coffee is top notch .
great place to eat !
there was no wait service except at the bar .
a very well laid out antique mall .
they quoted a price for a problem and fixed it .
great for out of town guests .
every discount tire i visit is a great experience .
got a pitcher of margaritas which were delicious .
one of my favorite places for the culture and the food .
we are definitely coming back to this one .
excellent dinner with friends .
delicious food .
i wo n't be back .
gracias amanda !
we ate each morning at rita 's and they took great care of us .
excellent sushi .
i do n't know why i came to eat here .
terrible service !
worst customer service ever !
the store was clean , organized & the staff was very nice .
um ... i am confused with all the great reviews .
i would n't be going here if it were n't for my classes .
this place is great !
chopped salad & chopped liver only added to this wonderful dinner .
they just need to be trained better .
the windows are all painted over and the entrance is in the back .
lots of fun and great people watching .
two of my companions at stake which they both said were excellent .
one star for the unbelievable wine selection .
love this place .
what a delightful find !
worst .
it was a great lunch and learn event .
bavarian point used to be that way .
the dancing was cool but very loud .
joined a friend here for lunch and enjoyed everything i ordered .
for me , going to the gym does n't equal social hour .
changed my battery out and did a great job .
really good food , nice prices , cool atmosphere .
love coming here .
i enjoyed my week there .
it may be because we ate late for phoenix ( arrived at 9:00 ) .
super inconsistent ratings , best approach is just try stuff .
definitely worth a stop .
little pieces of garlic heaven .
probably would n't pick this hotel for another stay .
they were very friendly and informative .
all the doctors are awesome and the staff is great !
they are just wonderful to work with .
stopped in today with my boyfriend and our _num_ year old .
best chinese food in scottsdale .
great service !
my kids love going here .
they came with boiled potatoes and fresh bread .
its good .
very nice young man who was polite and helpful .
loved it .
as always , the customer service at this location is above and beyond !
i love coming to this place !
i did n't get to eat it because my friend ate it all !
the food was delicious and definitely worth visiting and coming back for .
definitely enjoyed the place and would go back again for sure .
really good .
bad move as we were hungry and thirsty .
very frustrating to deal with .
the waiters very informative and fast !
the service is wonderful and beautiful decor .
it was sitting in luke warm water and was wilted .
this is one of my favorite places for breakfast .
i love this place .
the choices are limited and it is outrageously expensive .
so friendly and very helpful .
they would do pads and fluid change for $ _num_ .
if there was a way to give this company _num_ stars , i would .
the food is amazing !
the blueberry pancakes are superb , their coffee is beyond description .
food was good .
honestly they had me at tater tots .
but they 're fun and looking for a good time .
did you know each pawn shop can charge a different interest rate ?
i absolutely can not believe this place is in business .
love this place and the staff , a great place to bring your pets .
highly recommended .
it 's ok , but beware .
spinach , again lacked flavor and sat in too much creme .
not _num_ % , not _num_ % but _num_ % !
just my _num_ cents .
i would definitely recommend vca .
i had no choice but to eat here ... we were meeting friends .
way to not know what your doing .
bob is great .
i always go on the weekend , and the wait is no surprise .
2nd : its way too dark in night .
could you imagine if they could n't pull that off ?
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .
their gluten free margarita pizza with fresh basil is to die for .
they were spicey hot and i loved them .
definitely the best burger joint in town and one i stop into frequently .
i highly recommend this hospital .
the other time a rather lame duo band sang over tracks .
they take the time to explain procedures and really make you feel welcomed .
awesome .
another server came back with my beer and it was a blue moon .
lame .
everything in here is italian & fresh , very homely feeling .
awesome , fast and friendly service !
i tried calling a few time most times no answer .
really good pizza and zucchini .
great food .
`` oh , wait ... you can use the paper cutter upstairs . ''
`` your food tastes flavorless '' ?
best price on blue dog food .
love their food and service !
great service .
most of the the wait staff could easily sub at starbucks or applebee 's .
i did n't see anyone making anything !
we definitely added more on top of the gratuity .
hubs had pork that was fatty and bland .
anyways we also were told we had to pay for our meals as well .
they always take great care of my family !
she was very nice and friendly .
nothing my mom did n't make for _num_ years for her family .
atmosphere is cool , sushi was great , and had a great server .
as for the food , i ordered the huevos rancheros .
amazing prices - outstanding customer service .
we had some small plates just to test the waters at this place .
so far my favorite thai place in old town .
i liked also the classy and romantic atmosphere of the restaurant .
kind of a skimpy shoe selection , but lots of cute designer bags .
super nice staff , accurate pricing and timing .
i would give it a _num_ based on location and decor .
great place for stiff drinks that are super affordable .
i must admit , one of the best cheese steaks i 've ever had .
wo n't be returning .
i 'm new in town , and i love mongolian grills .
i wo n't be back .
but she gave me the push i needed to find something better .
the salon was wonderful and every one was very friendly .
it was seriously dirty from the menus , the floor to the tables .
management is awesome !
we always have a nice server .
this is going no where quickly , so allow me to land the plane .
it 's weird .
the lighting is just sexy too .
i mean every step .
i really enjoyed the comedians and wanted to come back for more .
i highly recommend this burger ... if you can handle it !
audio on the 2nd floor was challenging at best .
another thing - both of our eggs were cooked wrong .
note : their marinara sauce and calamari are amazing !
i have to say i was truly disappointed .
they are great with using email to communicate status , estimates , etc .
my tires went immediately flat every other ride .
it has a fab golf course and has a beautiful pool .
do not take your car here even for an oil change .
nothing fancy , just good food !
the happy hour is great , my boyfriend loves the chilled sampler plate !
thank you for the amazing food !
the worst service i have ever had .
the staff did apologize and comp _num_ pizza and offered a dessert .
we got seated immediately even at the dinner rush and had great service .
what !
unbelievable .
serving is not easy and this kid did an amazing job .
the rack of lamb and halibut are cooked perfectly !
good breakfast .
i 'd recommend if you 're in the area for a quick lunch .
he highly recommended it .
does n't rate one star .
love everything about the thomas location .
food & service was wonderful .
unless you dipped in a sauce .
( hmmm , chris t , were you there that night ? )
thanks .
these really are the best i have had .
best pizza chain in us !
obviously a great and local wine selection .
the hawaiian roll was amazing !
went here to have a mobile home title transferred .
it does not mean you should roll your eyes at them .
bleh , terrible all around ; definitely wo n't be going back .
our waiter was sweet and gracious .
very satisfied with my experience at this mesa goodyear !
i highly recommend the ginger pork or the katsu .
this place rocks !
i 've been there for family get togethers and for fun and drinks .
ultimately drinking it is not good for your body .
service is always excellent .
seriously the best sushi in town .
the only reason i gave it _num_ star is for the cool atmosphere !
extremely disappointing .
i left telling him i would talk to his manager .
i would definitely recommend this place .
she does not rush you and will make sure everything is done right .
clean and cozy authentic restaurant .
the manager was horrible .
food is excellent .
dr. dan is great .
ribs were great .
love !
they greet us and treat us so good .
_num_ minutes .
food and drinks of sports bar caliber .
of meat and _num_ pounds of bread ?
this restaurant needs new management .
i would recommend to match it with an espresso martini ... yummy !
great service !
one of our favorites .
will miss this place after being a dedicated patron for _num_ years .
two guys working there and they were both very nice .
their portions are huge and the quality of the food is really good .
also , our waiters have always been really friendly .
deplorable , is how i describe my experience at the breakfast club .
the broccoli is quality , and never overcooked .
it was amazing !
will i rent from enterprise in the future ?
have a great dinner at home with the rib and _num_ oz filet combo .
we played _num_ holes in a little over _num_ hours .
the outdoor seating is perfect -- - amazing pv views and resort scenery .
i love that !
her shop is clean and she is a professional .
my salad was a little better .
the waitresses were very very pleasant and we felt very comfortable !
disappointing stay for a hilton diamond member .
i love going here !
came on time and everything was good .
perfect service .
no sushi or sashimi on happy hour , only several rolls .
i had an awful experience and i would n't recommend you go here .
i wear acrylic on my big toes and i needed a fill .
he just started and me and said , sorry i ca n't honor it .
and there are truly greek people working there - now that is authentic !
no water refill .
the guacamole was watered down and looked like green chile hot sauce .
the technician who came out was rude , rude , rude .
strange kinds of pizza that are pretty awesome and some good salads .
great honest service that can not be beat .
the levels are usually off .
come on ... it prob cost them _num_ cents .
recommend this place to eat any day , anytime !
robert 's catering made our wedding cake for us .
made my wife so mad that she left and went to another place .
reasonable pricing with a nice quiet dining area .
so eventually i cracked ... lol i paid for the boards and cover .
no salads and the bread was served with ranch dressing ( no butter ) .
large portions and good food !
no lights @ night !
love this place and we will go back !
the steak is tender and juicy .
will definitely be back !
came here for a second date , and it was a great night .
two thumbs up for carl !
excellent indian food !
their clam chowder is also amazing ( obviously lol ) .
efficient , friendly wait staff , with a cool atmosphere !
this place has a chaotic feel .
very competitive pricing .
will never recommend this place to anyone and if anything advise against it .
, great view !
lol , we all love love love this deli .
drinks and food were amazing .
great value for the filet and sides for kids !
hands down , the worst chinese food that i have ever had .
tempe improv is a joke ... literally .
it 's the only possible explanation for this place .
simple and yummy .
great place for lunch .
the owner is highly knowledgable and extremely friendly .
beautiful weather .
to all other patrons , i would avoid it .
food and service were great .
it was great !
the beans were greasy and the enchiladas were like soup .
enjoyable experience !
the food was very good .
during the day they have a great chili dog .
great food .
the place looked dirty , dingy .
loved the atmosphere .
great food .
great way to run a business .
the appetizer was wonderful .
the shark meat was slightly on the salty side though .
thanks mike , i am so grateful !
their sangria was phenomenal and we loved the pizza !
and the food was delicious .
i went on sunday around _num_ and the place was completely dead .
the place smelled greasy and it was so loud we went outside to eat .
grateful i found them for these family projects , and u will be too .
we have enjoyed dinner here many times and this is our first review !
great place to strictly booze it up .
and the staff are very friendly .
i used to go to grimaldi 's all the time , but not anymore .
great place .
the overall ambiance is rich & the vibe is classy .
the staff are very knowledgeable and friendly .
she did n't know how to do an even coat .
the interior is very nice and updated .
the non tacos vendors are drinks and chain restaurants .
wonderful vegetables that are not usually available elsewhere - grilled eggplant and squash .
eggs were n't mixed in they were on the side .
i love malee 's !
this is the best veterinarian in all of phoenix !
find your sushi elsewhere in scottsdale !
apparently , i went to the wrong place .
staff said b/c they 've been stolen .
anyway , i 'm always going to love this place .
highly recommended .
employees are friendly .
very very spicy but delicious .
we enjoy the restaurant too .
i asked if he was being sarcastic and he said he was n't .
the food was excellent all around .
they are n't very good at keeping the client informed on their case .
would not recommend this salon .
i would most definitely go back .
zach is the best bus boy you will ever meet .
great food .
positive with your personal care and professionalism .
i ca n't imagine a better establishment for the services of gordon ramsey .
lame .
we also had our choice of _num_ possible entrees .
the service here is excellent even at the bar .
he responded `` i guess '' with a bad face !
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .
we also had calamari to start and it was very good .
i have recently found this place and love it !
it is very unique and the food is really good .
always a great experience .
delicious .
no offer to take my name or number .
thanks for the apples too !
keep the desperate summer coupons coming in the mail .
place is clean .
i could only find _num_ dresses that i was remotely interested in trying on .
loved their guacamole , and our entrees were equally delicious .
i only go there for the breakfast burritos and they are amazing .
family owned business offering authentic italian food .
we would definitely recommend this to all of our friends .
( unless you like soggy bread under your meatballs , of course . )
nothing to go out of your way for .
always _num_ stars !
they said they would check and call me back .
i love how the receipts print on both sides to save paper .
lame .
the taste did not disappoint in that area .
in england they do n't serve nachos .
these outlet places has great deals on great beds .
this restaurant is amazing .
i ordered it online and got it within the next two days .
really fun , characters are fantastic .
thanks chad !
not a surprise .
chuck does great work and a very fair price .
crisp and refreshing any time of year .
good , made to order mexican food .
owner was absolutely rude to our party of _num_ .
nothing great , nothing terrible .
no standing .
maybe one of these days we 'll eat in to check out the place .
this is a place that deserves to not stay in business .
very genuine , no wasting time here .
it deserves negative five .
after looking at them i quickly lost my appetite .
amazing food !
amazing food , great service .
hope to go back soon .
even uses warm water in the water jet cleaner .
i had a beef tamale - one of the best i 've had .
all of my kids really enjoyed it .
the location and the outside dining are about the only positives i can highlight .
as always an amazing dinner !
well worth the money !
i saw dust in the kitchen area on the counters too .
best of all they did n't even charge me .
confused .
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
at $ _num_ , this was a miss .
the last visit i had , my appt was set for _num_ .
love this place !
i was thoroughly impressed with my experience at prestige today .
wow !
the dcor is unique .
incredibly friendly staff .
it is a wonderful little sandwich shop and everything is always fresh !
the space is sleek , yet cozy .
the staff is very friendly and makes you feel welcome .
but odd in a good way .
there are obnoxious people ever where , but here 's the catch .
the wings were good and nicely sauced , the fried pickles were delicious too .
the burger was over cooked and dry .
the staff is always very friendly .
along with the beer , everything makes for a flavorful combination .
it was the best mixture i 've ever had .
definitely every flavor for every person .
i found a new favorite thanks to it .
i have only been here once , but will definitely be back !
smells good inside .
went to try this restaurant after passing it so many time .
everything i have tried here has always been very good .
had a wonderful experience with our purchase at this store .
great views and great for special occasions .
where 's the meat , and no feta .
paul , the owner is a car genius !
if i could give this place zero stars i would .
oh dear does this jack off of a place deserve a whole star ?
they did a great job and i had all _num_ windows done .
but its delish !
a receipt should show an accurate transaction .
nice on the wallet .
i am so happy i made the switch to her office .
what an amazing portion , quality and pricing !
views are incredible .
i called the school after hours and left a message .
food was good and priced right .
they were pretty positive , so it was a go .
he explained things to me and did an amazing job overall .
great tasting , homemade ice cream .
the vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup i settled for was okay .
i recently visited while searching for a venue for a commitment ceremony and reception .
we had a pleasant experience that exceeded our expectations and recommend it !
outstanding service highly recommended .
yes , it is complimentary , but that is not really the point .
food quality , and more importantly taste is far better than any chain food .
chris is really nice and they seem to be very honest .
this place is awesome .
we have never had bad service from camping world .
great experience .
i thought now i know why those idiots were laughing about .
it was delicious and it came with a side order of vegetables .
i tried but i just ca n't .
i just got home .
the food is very authentic and tastes homemade .
sunday , november _num_ .
i would have understood if it had been busy but it was n't !
she was very disappointed .
pee on the floor = bad bad bad !
this owner is quickly running this place into the ground .
if i could do negative stars i would .
almost tasteless .
we both had veal dishes and enjoyed them along with the wine .
everything in their store is 2-3 times regular price or online .
previously , we 've eaten here late night and had delicious pizza .
love this business !
no special flavor .
michelle , the owner , made the experience very wonderful for everyone involved .
more vendors also .
i just went this morning and i order the same thing i always get .
i recommend this place .
the restaurant is very casual with comfortable booths .
it was turkey and bread and lettuce and mayo .
the staff is professional , attentive & helpful .
i had the fish tacos , which were also fantastic .
his designs are so exquisite and timeless .
i loved my aura photo !
lots of organic options .
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .
some place where they really want your business .
the staff was amazing .
good service with good pricing for both dry cleaning and laundry services .
i was wrong at checkout i got an extra bill of almost _num_ dollars !
i would highly recommend them to anyone in the area .
it 's really good with the creamy horseradish .
great ambience and great for casual or dressy occasions .
the server never apologized and we were charged for every item on our bill .
the grounds are amazing and always well kept .
and the pastries are simply wonderful .
i could n't even taste the crab .
we chose the latter and loved the service by becky !
will definitely come back to this one .
great customer service .
very good mongolian bbq especially given the area it 's in .
it truly is a different kind of place .
prices are adequate for quality and portions .
the 2nd rx pissed me off .
the food , normally good for baja , was lousy .
awesome place to shop !
i will tell everyone i know to come here !
highly recommended .
the atmosphere was delightful and the service was outstanding !
lon 's is back amongst my top _num_ restaurant picks !
our server was very attentive and friendly .
a message that says , `` one complimentary refill of chips and salsa . ''
she thought it was gross too .
instead we all had a sugar rush instead .
complimentary coffee , tea , iced tea and lemonade throughout the day .
got ta love this bar .
i love the sauce .
the soup was too salty and heavy and the panang chicken was kinda blend .
great spot for breakfast or lunch .
the pizza is amazing .
if i had to do this totally sober , i would 've been miserable .
she did n't care .
i remember their dishes being spicy , creamy , and delicious !
great persian restaurant !
muy bueno !
great wine selection ... great staff .
happy hour is a nice option to save you a trip into town .
mine was ordered medium rare and there was no pink and no juice whatsoever .
i called the restaurant back , requesting that we add one more .
if your a sports fan it will be a special treat .
no more .
well , _num_ minutes later and it was still lukewarm .
what a great night out !
i too have lost several hundred family slides due to this business closing .
we waited over _num_ minutes to have our order taken .
hopefully we can find her at one of the other locations .
i walked out of that place and convinced others to go with me .
the staff is very good at making my children feel comfortable .
the food was delicious and the view of the pool area was really nice .
the kobe sliders could have been better .
$ _num_ margaritas for happy hour were pretty tasty and service was very good !
the mole is absolutely delightful !
always great food .
then she turned around and walked away .
very disappointed .
the bakery and alcohol sections are very well stocked .
everything tastes amazing .
egg salad , blt , burgers , tuna , grilled cheese etc ... .
they also make an incredible grilled cheese .
seems to be a popular place for tourists and locals alike .
the bathroom smells horrible .
it tasted nothing like calamari .
seriously it was that bad .
it 's very rare my husband and i agree on a wing place !
i do agree with her it was rather awful .
you will never see me back here again .
i know , i know .
thanks to gary for work on my gear .
one of the top five places to eat in maricopa for breakfast/lunch .
this place is awesome !
i was shocked at how good this place is .
they are learning so please be patient !
great drink menu and fun patio .
the tenderloin was wonderful .
that place had great food especially great burgers !
olive bread was friggin ' amazing .
genuinely cares about his patients .
highly experienced , consistent , and gracious , her southern charm is a winner .
good quick simple and cheap mexican food .
what sets d 's apart is the family that owns it .
dale made the transaction go smoothly and he was pleasant to talk with .
the sizzling plates and flavor was good .
i love this place and will always come back .
i like that !
it is served with fresh cut french fries .
i take a bite and immediately notice something hard .
it was some of the worst food i have ever had .
not a call , not a survey , not even by mail .
several employees walked passed us -- so we left .
for a fresh and inexpensive sushi meal they ca n't be beat .
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .
best tailor in town .
in scottsdale , this place is a must !
the steak was overcooked as well as the shrimp and served cold .
excellent roast beef , the big max is the best .
so we pay the bill and leave .
and that is good because one or two sizes does not fit all .
does n't matter how the food is .
we all ordered and we all enjoyed so much that we had to share .
$ _num_ means nothing .
the truth is inside .
the world , more so , needs serious art .
the eggplant parm was good with a huge side of pasta .
great service and the food is unbelievable not to mention to portions are huge .
the hot wings were crispy perfect and just hot enough .
disappointing customer service .
very relaxed environment .
the staff was so nice .
fun place for old people , food is n't special .
i recommend them .
talked with someone from electronics the first minute .
the swedish massage is the best i have ever had .
great restaurant , great food and great staff .
however , the meat was extremely flavorless .
the price is very reasonable .
otherwise , this is a special place .
the sauce tasted bland and the crust was not crispy at all .
people always compliment my nails when i have them done here .
the customer service was awful .
great for takeout - small indoor and patio seating for dining in .
is greek beer supposed to be warm and flat as well ?
the staff is always warm and friendly .
amazing meal !
clean and yummy .
rude !
a pathetic dining experience .
the finest meal and dining experience we have ever had .
the package pricing is very reasonable and they provide excellent service .
i am having my wedding here in october and they have been so wonderful .
this man is not a good doctor .
she does not place them in the bag .
truly ridiculous !
terribly disappointing !
i do n't want to spend too much time on this restaurant .
what a great place !
really , truly better than most in the valley of the sun .
seriously dont waste your money .
i ordered the kung pao chicken ... it was awful .
good food with a cold thai beer makes this place my go to spot .
service was fantastic & very attentive .
highly recommend you give this place a try !
the burrito must have been made by an asian .
if i could i 'd give this zero stars .
excellent authentic nyc pies .
tv , bathroom , all that stuff , average .
our second time here and we left full and happy .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .
maybe it is better just to go and eat there instead !
cute little patio .
easy place to kick back , put your `` feet up '' and chat .
please avoid this place if you value your health .
overall , not very impressed .
this food here was good and it 's in a neat location .
the work was quality , and the truck is running great !
do not waste your time !
the food is great , wish the portions of fish were bigger .
i would not recommend taking your dog here .
the service was excellent and our waiter was so attentive which we liked .
i just love a small business that has their act together !
incredible place .
amazing .
the techs are wonderful !
big mistake .
they take great care of your animals .
i ordered the chilaquiles and it was amazing .
the staff is kind and helpful .
why else would one go ?
she asked if he would mind stepping aside so she could speak to him .
same excellent food as the other places .
i recommend them highly .
great authentic mexican food .
great spot to live .
server again disappeared in between my husband 's plate being removed and my finishing .
very bad customer service .
was disappointing to end up here with mediocre food and service .
we are kind of a regular there and the staff is vet nice .
the service is fine , and the line is never too long .
great service across the board .
zero customer service .
i would definitely recommend this place to you !
i am actually surprised at some of these reviews .
sorry to say that i do n't think i will visiting this establishment again .
de anna is the owner and does a great job .
they ruined my dogs hair .
incredibly disappointing service .
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
you ca n't really put the blame on them , can you ?
we were seated immediately .
just not impressed .
the wings tasted like crap .
i was very disappointed .
when you walk in thus place you are instantly confused .
horrible stylist !
rates are in the sky and management not great at all .
i 'm still beyond offended .
what we got was the total opposite .
came in for valentine 's day , great couples special .
nothing beats a classic sundae and this place does it well !
my fianc had a bean burrito enchilada style .
i highly recommend them to any one .
these guys make outstanding bread .
we like the place and will continue to patronize .
the fries are delicious is well .
overall , really disappointing .
if you want phenomenal sushi , this is the place to be .
i highly reccomend this place !
good deals .
this place was so great !
the sandwiches had a lack of flavor .
amazing food , atmosphere , and people !
the coco chile fish was oily and not spicy .
it keeps getting worse !
we had to call for toilet paper , dishwasher soap , etc .
this place is awesome !
as we walked away he said it was an honest mistake .
soggy , not crispy at all and not made correctly .
very disappointing first experience !
i 've never been able to walk in to this store and get it .
i drove _num_ miles to get there and it was worth it .
for a saloon it 's probably the very best in scottsdale !
holy crap .
but they suck when it comes to order pick up .
i always try the current _num_ dollar burger special they have .
great shop , great service , great selection .
honest company with reasonable rates .
great little sports bar just a couple blocks away .
worth a try .
my favorite side is the deep fried zucchini .
the fish taco was very good .
so good .
the awesome blossom !
this place is going on old reputation only and not improving .
the food ?
i love vietnamese food and their pho and spring rolls are both great .
our server recommended it the first time we went and it is addictive !
they have a small menu that they can perfect each dish which is good .
and they have the best root beer .
the service here was horrible .
i really feel this is the worst walmart i 've ever been in .
as i left not one person acknowledged my presence .
so about _num_ minutes have passed and she takes our order .
nice choice of fresh vegetables cooked in a stir fry !
it is beautiful and romantic .
ugh ... i 'm still feeling green from this meal !
my whole family are patients for life .
super friendly customer service !
they have the best tortillas around and the prices are very good .
it was way too hostile , too quickly .
i have also put in _num_ , maybe more , work orders .
nothing to write home about .
have always been pleased .
i was horribly disappointed by my landscaping job .
the staff here is extremely compassionate .
usually very friendly crowd .
this store is great !
highly recommended !
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .
mushroom dish and pork chop were phenomenal !
shame on you , grandma .
service was excellent and we had fun .
would recommend them !
no call the day they were suppose to be done .
did not bother us at all and the wait was worth it .
great egg white omlette .
dining experience started off really bad !
very reasonable prices especially for scottsdale !
my cash will be spent in other parts of phoenix from now on .
great place , otherwise !
i am definitely not coming back .
disappointed ... .
so , he left knowing there was a problem .
the attention to detail and old world craftsmanship is impeccable .
they ignored me and came to find out i was allergic to it .
the guys are always friendly and the prices are fair .
always a great night a papago !
there were no reserved signs on the tables .
worth the time and money !
excellent place to watch football .
i will not be going back !
i love love love the food here .
new owners - huge improvement !
shocked , i replied `` because i wan na take a class . ''
the place was packed !
unfortunately , the waiter was nowhere to be found .
wonderful staff and knowledgeable vets .
it works out to be a great value .
the prices are great there .
delicious margaritas at the bar accompanied by hot , homemade tortillas .
the food was eye pleasing and just as tasty .
friendly service , reasonable prices , good selection .
satisfied with the haircut that i received .
fries are nothing to write home about .
no tip !
absolutely amazing .
gross .
and i love that they are usually playing classical music in the background .
( obviously , the actual treatment will vary from person to person . )
if it was literally half the price this would be a 3-4 star review .
truly a rare mix of excellence !
the only exception would be the faint shows that i 've seen there .
good menu choices for the kids , and fast service .
it was a ( relatively ) easy and painless experience .
the seats are small and uncomfortable .
asked to use bathroom , guy just said no .
again showing the lack of care and preparation .
like soggy to the point of being inedible mush .
the bottom is lined with cans .
she 's knowledgeable , helpful , professional and has a wonderful personality .
the place has some real history if you read the story on the menu .
it 's very classy spot .
was n't busy , no biggie .
then we waited ... _num_ minutes , _num_ minutes .
not good at all .
and the food was marginal at best .
clean , nice bartenders and convenient !
crappy food crappy service .
what a great choice to start the trip .
friendly techs .
it just became mush .
very attentive server !
so far this is my favorite mexican place in az !
the best hobby shop in town .
had a great experience at roaring fork .
i ordered the fiesta lime chicken , and it was a reheated nightmare .
i wish it was possible to give this place negative stars .
was even able to meet the chef , which is a great thing .
very disappointing .
what happened to the scottsdale location , does anyone know ?
food is amazing especially for a sports bar .
my new favorite restaurant in the valley .
very accommodating and the team that gets your glasses is great .
i am not looking for a huge improvement .
$ _num_ for a one scoop sundae ?
i searched around and they had the best deals .
personally , today for me , i just consumed wasted calories lol .
it 's so disgusting and greasy .
sparkling clean .
happy hour is a good deal here .
this the best mexican food in town !
i will not be returning .
horrible customer service .
from out of town and so glad we checked yelp and found this gem .
good to see you again ! ''
and was extremely sick .
lovely atmosphere beautiful location .
she took great concern in what i wanted and expected in a haircut .
i highly recommend this hospital and the staff .
this place is great , it always has been !
the bread was well let 's say i have had better .
the upscale shopping district setting also offers some good people watching .
definitely bringing my friends and family back here !
great install , great customer service .
this place is just damn good !
the restaurant is elegant with a menu to match .
the salsa bar is very good .
yelp says the location has closed .
nice staff !
also , the price i paid was $ _num_ more then i was quoted .
the quality is not there when it comes to the price .
got ta try it !
been coming here for years and i love it .
great sushi .
the guac is great , the hot wings are yummy .
i am definitely recommending them to friends !
great menu with a lot of different things ( not just ice cream ) .
the multiple protein plate options on the menu give a nice variety .
for a corner bar , its a winner !
they are always so kind to our children .
keep up the good work !
it is a great lunch value for tasty thai food .
i loved the place right away .
i got _num_ dollars back .
i was really impressed by what a cool place it turned out to be .
dinner was great tequila was amazing and the steak and enchiladas were awesome !
but no one seemed to care that much , was on my own .
great practice .
shrimp appetizer , bland , no flavor .
everyone loved the food .
staff is friendly !
absolute nightmare .
however , their drinks are awful .
both very tasty and very satisfying .
now , i 've been trying to get in to see the doctor again .
great company !
i went to four peaks on wednesday night around _num_ pm with my boyfriend .
i love the location .
ice cream was rich and creamy !
ordered a small vegetarian pizza no cheese again !
they deliver for free !
worst customer service i have ever received !
walked outside , and he was on his cell phone smoking a cigarette .
i would recommend these guys to anyone .
i felt that the price was very fair , and honest .
first of all , we waited for about _num_ minutes to even get water .
hey just want to say thanks to mark the general manager .
free stuff = good .
yes they close at 9pm but they do n't care .
so i walked in the _num_ heat to an atm and back .
family owned and operated .
but the flavor of the steaks omg are amazing .
but overall they were good people !
i 've interacted with two employees during my two visits here .
excellent ( consistently excellent , i might add ) .
the coffee milkshake is a classic .
this is a great italian grocery , and they have delicious prepared foods .
molly is amazing !
very arrogant , could care less about anyone just his $ $ $ s .
this response is not acceptable !
this place is awesome !
in short , i was told no , no , and no .
terrible selection of boxes .
thanks for the good times and supporting a great cause !
also , there pumps are always out of service .
the wings were disgusting .
the pool was amazing , and the service was great .
overall a great experience and we will be back .
always love going to this place .
service was good and for a great price .
ps : clientele is as pretentious as they say .
this is my first and last time going to this dq .
run down is an understatement .
it was soggy , rubbery and limp .
it is awesome .
since that time service has dropped to horrible levels .
the place is fun and casual and in a cute area .
alcohol is expensive .
their big portions make it nice so that we can all share !
we had wonderful service and sat outside on the patio .
the breakfast burritos are still excellent .
it 's is always great !
not really expecting much but cold beer and hot food .
the open kitchen and decor make it very comfortable and fun .
we 've been going there nearly monthly for over _num_ years .
service was top-notch , food was delicious .
i 'd recommend it !
great place to have an awesome time !
the new location is even more convenient for us as well .
the food was incredible .
is there an option for _num_ stars ?
this place is sooooo cool !
delicious !
for a corporate steak house i was impressed and i enjoyed everything .
nice place and selection , and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable .
pretty nice store .
the sauce was soooo good .
cheapest drinks in town !
food was fresh , well prepared and delicious .
fresh pita bread and the meat was amazing and full of flavor .
i love the complex .
next we had some appetizers ... beef skewers and pan fried dumplings .
ken is the best at working on trans and is honest as they come .
the office staff is very professional and friendly !
great food , good service ... no complaints !
i have no idea how they ever received a _num_ star rating .
i 'm not sure how this place has a _num_ star average rating .
i have always had a good experience here .
btw ... spinach au gratin was really tasty .
i arrived _num_ minutes later .
growing up i always had the spaghetti with meatballs yum !
this place is great !
excellent food & worth the wait & price .
there sushi is pretty good .
small , cozy rooms make for intimate and romantic meals .
the young lady who explained everything and handled my appt was wonderful !
one of the best and most authentic greek food places in the valley .
today was pretty terrible .
this has definitely become my go-to store for gifts and paper !
they are friendly and enjoy their customers .
the service has always been excellent and the staff very friendly .
his staff has no clue what 's going on either .
excellent dinner .
very disappointed and will not go back .
i thought the staff was friendly and helpful .
i recommend this practice anyone looking for a great pediatrician .
the salad has slices of fresh avocado and a delicious ranch dressing .
great service .
i am still sitting at bar after _num_ minutes .
we loved it along with the guacamole dip .
the food did n't seem to be very fresh , but old .
the price point is excellent for the quality of food !
office is friendly and very helpful .
the food is amazing !
the food was awful and freezing cold .
the beer selection is amazing .
i mean not really , but in theory it seems fun .
good atmosphere for a date or group of people .
mediocre at best .
shower , sinks , everything .
i usually call ahead for pick up and its always a smooth process .
office and staff were nice , doctor was great !
i do n't think i 've ever had a decent experience at this location .
a small business with that kind of service !
i was pissed !
probably the 2nd best steak i 've had .
i have spent $ _num_ and have recieved nothing from this vet .
it was disgusting .
it sucks but there was nothing i could do .
i took my _num_ month old puppy here .
no smiling at all and that was bad .
these guys were all nice but not very on the ball and generally overwhelmed .
she makes everyone feel welcome without being overbearing -- and knows everyone 's name !
great monkey pancakes !
update : the customer service is outstanding .
easy scheduling , prompt arrival , and efficient work .
i ordered the # _num_ , crunchy tacos .
next time i 'm in tempe i will definitely come here again !
the owner is a doll and really makes you feel at home .
thanks for making us feel so special tonight !
he helps me manage my back issues and keeps me healthy and active .
with out a doubt at one time a place to go .
great spot to go to when you want to wash your own car !
just got two orders of crazy bread tonight and it 's freaking delicious .
the office ladies are awesome , very friendly and helpful .
worst customer service you 'll ever find in any industry , anywhere .
maybe it was an off night , i just would n't recommend it .
this woman lost my dog after one day and i never found her .
i called the number twice and it just rang and rang .
nice outside seating with fire pits .
try the strips and sauce they are different but so good .
the experience was positive and the work was done efficiently .
no ... he works at fry 's electronics .
everything was way too salty .
i do love this place and will return for sure .
probably the best persian i 've had .
parking is crap .
i 've never been late ever until i lost my job .
however , i think the food is pretty bland .
unfortunately , i have to say , you 're all wrong .
we got there and had to wait around _num_ minutes for a table .
the _num_ stars comes from the worst facial i 've ever had .
this domino 's makes great food !
also you can bring in food and snacks , at least we did .
so it is n't overflowing now .
the tortellini soup is amazing and the many pasta dishes are wonderful .
the staff at this scottsdale location has great customer service .
totally worth the money .
only had _num_ room with a double bed and the tv did n't work .
avoid .
great service , timely and very professional .
nothing had any flavor at all !
the food here is amazing !
do not buy from these people .
it 's ridiculous .
it 's amazing !
whatever you do do n't sign up for information !
steamed mussels are fantastic .
this is a great place to spend the weekend .
i 've definitely seen better motel _num_ 's in my lifetime .
limited parking .
excellent dry cleaner !
so basically tasted watered down .
great food .
hardly a new york style pizza .
this is a nice store , in a nice area , with nice people .
pretty good and a true value for that price .
fantastic !
not true .
i found this place on yelp .
great food .
overall , great time and i will definitely be back .
lousy , lousy manager .
i put in my social security number and was refused .
for those two things alone , i give _num_ stars .
my falafel was mediocre .
these folks seem to have their act well together .
what a great find !
flawless consistency every time .
i ordered chicken eggplant .
pools were great .
and instantly they say no they will redo them and change the color .
really enjoyed everything for a great late lunch .
it 's kinda of hidden so it never seems to be very busy .
i picked it up later that day , and it was perfect !
you found it here .
impossible !
keep in mind , the place is not busy .
the pizza was quite good too .
very disappointing .
thank you fred !
i 'm loving the gym !
excellent chain .
shortly after placing the order we were informed that there was no chicken .
other than that , it was ok .
prices are also the best in town .
also their chairs suck , only does lower back .
just had a great birthday dinner !
the seats are not the best but the movie was clear and sounded good .
in fact , i 'm considering filing a complaint with the better business bureau .
they have always been professional and fair .
shame on you , nordstrom !
great place to take kids !
it 's truly a shame that many of my favorite artists play here .
and it comes with fries !
the pasta was all supposed to be a scratch made ... a total lie .
the rooms have recently been remodeled and are really nice .
we will definitely be returning !
if i could give no stars i would .
amazing dinner prime rib was cooked to perfection tender as could be .
my favorite mexican restaurant .
i have never been this sick from eating anywhere .
i really miss this festival !
this sheraton keeps its employees and manages the property very well .
best meatloaf ever .
we are happy customers who highly recommend your diverse aaa of arizona service !
its so conveniently placed and i recommend it to everyone .
the steak was extremely juicy , soft , and omg yummy !
frequent it enough and have enjoyed it thus far .
the delivery was quick as well !
service was poor .
i would highly recommend him to anyone .
i told her i felt uncomfortable but she insisted i try .
they also have great breakfast .
great customer service and saved us a lot of money .
our waitress alex was outstanding and friendly .
the recliners are beautiful and the craftsmanship is fantastic .
came here with the wife for her birthday .
it was very busy , but the service was great .
both the food and the beer are unremarkable .
family owned and operated , and truly a hometown eatery .
i am definitely impressed !
will be finding someone else next time .
quick , easy , and friendly .
only _num_ tables were occupied at 7pm .
it 's an inexpensive promise of a good time all around .
best dive bar in scottsdale .
attentive service made for a very enjoyable experience .
amazing and friendly service too , every time !
the end of the meal , no mention of it being our anniversary .
his pasta selections are amazing ... each one of them !
the store feels like you 're going into a dirty walmart .
delicious , good service , even when busy !
_num_ ) its close and i did n't feel like driving .
it 's pitiful really .
i have only been there once for like _num_ minutes .
we will not stay here again .
its a excellent place to go for the whole family .
great place- this is my preferred dunkin location when i 'm craving a donut .
i highly recommend this place .
other than it taking a long time , i was pleased with their service .
i absolutely love their food and friendly staff .
this towing company is rude .
so , maybe that makes us individually spoiled in some way ?
service is always prompt & courteous .
the prosciutto , spinach and mushrooms are a great combination .
awesome food , great chef ( s ) .
the oreo dessert is one of the best desserts in town .
love on the rocks !
my dog was not given the care he needed .
super clean suites , very friendly service and great rates .
i 'm expecting some awesome food , but their food is so bland .
there were probably 4-5 people working and not many customers at all .
becky does my hair and i love her !
this one kfc location is by far above and beyond the rest .
keep it up guys .
our waiter ( did n't catch his name ) was great & very attentive .
i will definitely go back to this one .
not at this place .
i will definitely eat here again !
the wine list as also decent and reasonable priced .
no one would help me !
he is caring , concerned and extremely thorough .
some of the worst service and management i 've ever seen !
the food and the service was horrible .
however i am still spending hard earned money .
and the pizza 's great .
the hotel is clean and the pool area is nice .
saw the crowds as i drove by and stopped in .
we will definitely be back !
a job that should have taken no more than _num_ min .
i wish you did n't even have to leave a star .
the salads were fresh and crispy .
it really is our go to pizza place .
the service is very fast and friendly at the same time .
this is a no nonsense - customer service oriented family business .
we saw annie get your gun at the palms theatre .
the prices for the complete dinner was very reasonable .
still never took our order , said hi or even acknowledged us .
_num_ minutes go by , nothing .
this pic is the sicilian with pepperoni .
the food was also incredible .
i always have a great and pleasant shopping experience here .
also , the staff was very courteous and friendly .
i ordered the jalapeno biscuits and gravy which were amazing .
, i am disappointed in the service and the cleanliness .
the lines are ridiculous .
a great place to go with a group so you can share !
overall , love this place .
thank you neal for your help .
is n't this the job of a travel agent ?
overall delicious meal .
over all suzanne 's was extremely rude and not helpful .
my wife and i love this place !
i 'm going elsewhere .
this place sucks stay away .
this is a very nice library .
if you 're going to do it , do it right .
everything tasted very good .
it 's so refreshing to find a company who cares about their customers !
i went for the first time on saturday and it was delicious !
tomato sauce no seasoning awful .
will definitely recommend to others .
this place is another lame attempt of a trendy sushi restaurant .
she is a kind young lady with a big heart .
other than that , it 's great !
the cheese crisp was divine .
rolls were delicious and unique .
i hate this wal-mart .
i said to make sure they put full synthetic oil not synthetic blend .
he does fabulous cosmetic dentistry as well ... .
the food is n't bad and served late , always a plus .
best cheese steak sub ever !
very tender fresh chicken .
i fell for an upsell .
regarding the food and the new menu , it was hot and tasty .
it always seems dirty inside .
marquee has none of the above .
great food and quick service , staff was very nice .
cool atmosphere , wonderful and friendly service , delicious food and awesome wine .
classic ice cream parlor !
very friendly and great with my daughter .
horrible !
nothing to write home about .
they fixed every issue i had and the price is extremely reasonable .
they did an excellent job , even the paint was a perfect match .
i love frank and lupe 's !
if anyone knows me , they know my love for coffee .
i love this store and its variety of japanese products .
i love devine 's !
the store was n't even that busy at the time .
it was insulting .
i highly recommend getting your wall and floor tile here .
but _num_ ca n't really consider itself a magazine , can it ?
we were excited that the tree was less and assumed it was on sale .
i would never go back .
overall though i highly recommend this spot !
i am a bit bummed at the wasted food and money .
no real education .
i feel like i threw away money by going there .
this place is n't worth your money .
best experience !
definitely worth a stop .
i have been coming to this place for over _num_ years .
this is the most professional , efficient dental office i 've ever encountered .
indeed one of the best mediterranean restaurants in town !
it 's very bad service .
always friendly !
thanks ladies !
i can not wait until our lease is up to leave !
oh yeah ... the food was the best also .
i 'm from chicago and a friend recommended this place .
this is great italian food and wine .
this place is full of incompetent con artist !
very impressed .
but come halloween and having fun , that seems a bit tacky and tasteless .
we trust them with our smiles _num_ % and hope to come here always .
my favorite pizza so far in az .
i wo n't be going back .
prices reasonable and fair .
they just got new tables and chairs .
but i 'm not even done yet .
it 's authentic mexican food .
i also like their lunch combos .
happy hour is the only time to go .
such a disappointment after a long drive and we really got our hopes up .
quality italian food with great customer service .
room was quiet , well furnished , clean and bed was comfortable .
erica is an excellent stylist .
impeccable customer service !
so be aggressive when you want something !
the lighting was dim making it hard to read the menu .
but the bartender was great , offered personalized service .
this is my favorite pizza in the valley .
so , so good .
our server was really helpful , and handled our table of _num_ well .
the bagels are always fresh , and the staff is very friendly .
slightly higher priced than some restaurants but definitely worth it .
after today however i will never go back !
it 's a great first date place !
go check it out !
a must while in old town scottsdale !
if you want new york pizza do n't bother coming here !
corn bread was also good !
excellent cookies , excellent service .
it is really clean store and well kept .
this place brings my taste buds home every time i eat there .
the clams were tender but the tartar sauce was horrible .
our waiter was so attentive .
somehow it was cold when it got to us .
they made sure the job got done and done right .
this place is amazing .
never had them return any of our messages either .
the worst place you can go to .
highly recommended !
poor service around .
just absolutely the best service that you can really find with bikes .
we will definitely be back here often !
love this place !
would n't be a big deal except the rice is _num_ $ each .
i continue to come here and i am continually impressed .
and looking great .
look for barbara ... she 's awesome !
cowboy ciao is fantastic !
after another lengthy wait , my veggie burrito finally arrived .
otherwise , had a great time with great treats .
enjoy .
service is excellent too .
super nice girl .
( i know it has waited for me , as well ) .
there was no ac .
my black beans where also under cooked .
sorry to report nice neighborhood place closed .
good food and lots of liquor to choose from .
_num_ miles away $ _num_ out of area fee .
beautiful weather and a great day to be hanging out on the front patio .
we absolutely love this place .
the food is above average , the servers are very friendly .
they do n't even serve me the cook does .
so gross .
needless to say , one star is too many .
and their salsa is amazing , so fresh and tasty !
our young man server was very sweet and pleasant .
the service is nothing to desire for but their food is delicious .
this place is full of enthusiastic sports fans and there are tv 's everywhere !
one of the best places to eat and date night spot in scottsdale !
i love this trader joe !
the worst place to eat .
our meal was excellent , as was our sushi .
this is a great spot for football and spring training .
george and his wife are such amazing owners .
there are other flavors besides butter and garlic .
restaurant was way too loud .
great service and experts with maintenance !
never called me back .
i ca n't believe that anyone likes this place !
i hated it .
aaron was excellent and any problem that came up was excellent .
i really enjoyed the fries as well .
we like ours with the mozzarella melted on top !
thinking of just getting a cab and heading back home .
and couple keys would n't even stop ringing .
i 'd definitely recommend this hotel to others !
my chicken skewers were dried out fatty and rubbery .
reliable service , fast , professional - awesome !
clutch !
it 's a great fry 's .
went to this location for years .
this is a great place to shop for a new bike .
i agree with marcus s. just close the place already !
good food , great price , good location !
teachers are good but administration is terrible .
the service was good but the food was mediocre .
boy was this a disappointment .
go try a different hole in the wall .
so sad that the old sonic is not around scottsdale .
love it .
what horrible horrible service .
chips were cold and hard not warm and crispy .
they do great work and are very reliable .
our waitress was excellent with so much going on .
awesome .
great place to stay when you are in business and need something comfortable .
cornbread best ever !
okay those people left it 's just me and my friend now -- crap !
food is excellent considering the prices .
everything was either fried or so salty i could not even eat it .
fixed some color issues on my hair and got a fabulous cut .
great food !
it gets pretty busy in the afternoon so we left around 3pm .
not going back .
the service was awful , which should have been my first sign .
typical environment for places with good food .
everyone was super friendly and very chill .
great balance .
i would highly recommend and will return .
bathrooms are always dirty , every single time .
the doctor was fine , the front office he had was incompetent .
the portion are huge so do n't be afraid to share .
keep up the good work .
it 's a shady area with shady people and is no way luxury .
the pork chops marsala are delicious !
ordered a personal pan with mushrooms to go .
the service was great , michael knowledgeable and accommodating .
honest , professional , friendly .
it typically gets going later .
it was just really tacky and unprofessional .
yuck , yuck , yuck .
it was well worth my drive here from scottsdale .
highly recommend .
great cinnamon rolls .
clean !
their chips and salsa were tasty , and my wife 's burro was delectable .
the live music is fun as well !
honest , reliable , and reasonable .
food is fresh and flavorful .
the food was good , and our waitress was attentive .
people that are giving this place only _num_ stars are absolutely insane .
it 's hair and it will grow back , but this just plain sucked !
i crave it !
because the longer you stay in the room the higher your bill .
which i really do n't care about .
it has recently with the past few years turned over many many times .
grabbed a quick lunch here with my son .
overall good experience .
i also have had a peanut butter breakfast shake which was so good .
so , in comes the vet .
this old town landmark still serves the best ribs in the valley .
and also presented a $ _num_ d & c happy birthday email .
the food was great quality and priced well .
and i love that they have dr. brown 's soda .
i highly recommend this spot !
ordered for pick up , price is decent and food was nice .
they have great food and the people are truly fun to hang around .
my mother would like it there but i found everything kind of ugly .
what a steal !
love this place , the staff is amazing and the food is better .
_num_ minutes later we ordered , _num_ minutes from that we ate !
i 've been to _num_ different original pancake house locations .
definitely recommend rob !
if you want authentic greek food , you will get the best here .
if you do n't , they send it to collections .
he 's got a great selection of glasses and most contacts are in stock .
our server was very friendly and attentive .
she then tells me that i am taking time away from helping other customers .
fries were also cold .
awesome place !
great wings - a great place to go to watch a game .
the jalapeo mashed potatoes are delicious .
luckily , i do have a pizza cutter so it worked out .
this place is really bad .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .
disorganized , a total mess , staff is anything but helpful .
the best mexican food around .
great food and great prices !
so good !
the staff is awesome .
really lovely place .
although not authentic , george & son 's has pretty good chinese food .
the food was great , inexpensive and plentiful .
this place is a gem !
needless to say , we are totally done with starbucks .
i will be back !
great food and the happy hour is the best .
free cooked to order breakfast and free happy hour was a plus .
i am sure you are wondering where i am going with this .
the office staff gets zero stars .
they claimed that they lost their copy of my apartment key .
everything i 've had on the menu has been excellent .
it was difficult to eat !
it was right there and i had the time .
then deep fried or pan fried .
i chose this place because of rating on yelp .
the girl who normally helps me is fantastic !
we 'll definitely be back !
great place !
amateur night is best left for other venues which cater to cheap karaoke .
clean , friendly staff , and a variety of items .
this was a smart move .
servers were a little slow , but nice .
he said he would have to grab the store manager to assist us .
i had buffalo style shrimp with blue cheese grits .
but one we got food , the pizza was impressive .
i always have a great time .
i was greatly disappointed .
this my friend is not italian .
good value and good service .
low quality pressed ham with a canned pineapple glaze .
atmosphere was great and our server was very friendly and accommodating !
every time i go there the service is phenomenal and the food is delicious .
oh , and the hostess was smoking hookah while serving us .
my mom has taken group lessons here and really enjoys it .
this store though has some horrible associates .
a vintage guitar .
the greatest place in the world .
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .
it was so bad , i wish they could get negative stars .
def something worth checking out .
i would not go back for sure .
stopped here to get some food real quick .
the waitress had suggested that i substitute half my rice for small greek salad .
it was the most unappealing unappetizing dinner we have ever had .
the edges were so tough i could n't get my plastic fork through it .
i was very disappointed .
once you arrive , parking often takes _num_ minutes or more .
definitely going back again for more !
if you ever get the chance , go to their ladies ' nights !
the salon is fine but colleen , the stylist is amazing .
had a great breakfast .
the rooms were large and the bathrooms great .
service was great , beer was cold .
will not be back here .
the service was horrible to top off the experience .
he said he would be happy to have a look at my camera .
love the food and will be going back .
great beer , and darts .
so all of the things i look for in a hotel - failed .
we order a _num_ korean chicken quesadilla and a _num_ kale caesar salad .
the chicken was cooked through , but still cold .
will have to eat something next time !
lastly , this it the thing that bugs me the most .
very consistent and an attentive staff that has been there for years and years .
awesome .
horrible !
the staff is always friendly and accommodating and my technician does a great job .
slightly below room temp is all your getting out of their current appliance .
too bad .
the horseradish sauce was absolutely divine .
never had food there but the pizza looks good .
love supporting a local business .
new manager is kicking a !
love love love love this place .
i would recommend this office to everyone .
the bf 's short ribs were also very meh .
service is friendly and fast .
got to watch planes take off while eating - great for kids !
this place is delicious !
fresh , beautiful , bright flowers !
place looks like crap .
crowded bar , but good service .
maybe the winter chef goes north once summer comes ?
the servers are personable and friendly .
the service is awesome and friendly .
the individuals in the office do not care about tenants at all .
there was a gross smell inside which other reviewers said was mold .
my favorite breakfast place !
my new spot , for sure .
dumb .
arrived rang the door bell once , waited _num_ minutes and rang it again .
fantastic place !
these guys are honest , fast , personable , and consummate professionals .
the food was on point and the atmosphere was great .
i think mcdonald 's ice coffee is better .
service was horrible !
i will will continue to visit .
the sushi and specials are very good and the staff is always friendly .
all makes for a great time any day of the week !
these machines did n't , but i still got a decent workout . )
i would not order it again .
success .
great food , great service .
happy taco tuesday !
this place does n't have everything , but the customer service is excellent .
so rare to find fast food places with such good quality and service .
nothing to complain about , but nothing to rave about either .
these were pretty good , however i prefer them steamed to fried .
what a great clinic .
awesome prices !
happy hour is great !
forced to pay them to package a box they shipped me themselves .
the full bar has a lot to offer as well .
i always take some home for lunch the next day .
i tell them my situation and instantly they asked if i came from midas .
is under new ownership and new management .
seafood also .
i would like to thanks chris for all the help , he was excellent .
i will finish in january .
we could hardly have one slice each .
it could not accommodate our family of five .
really stressed to leave them off the plate .
great brownies ... .
i recommend ordering a variety of plates and sharing everything .
it 's a nice pretty cheap steakhouse , i definitely recommend it !
the bills were all wrong .
service was attentive and friendly .
damn place is a joke and so is expedia !
overall it was great service and great food .
anyways , the deserts we had were amazing .
he is an amazing massage therapist , you wo n't be disappointed .
gorgeous view .
do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all costs .
i also had a cheeseburger with fries and it was delicious !
everything was made fresh and tasted it too .
good selection of snacks ( loaded up for the hotel room ) .
best ny style slice in az .
full of idiots .
they obviously do n't operate well when they 're busy .
that does not make sense as this was not mentioned in the offer .
really good entrees .
great late night eats spot !
love my neighborhood discount tires !
the rice was probably my biggest complaint .
it 's a tuesday night and the place is totally empty .
all the right stuff !
anyways , the food was really good .
i maybe saw _num_ things of onion .
fantastic !
never have i been treated so badly by an owner of a restaurant .
please go and visit coffee cove , you wo n't be sorry you did !
wow great food and service .
it probably should have been closed .
there were no drink prices listed anywhere .
you can find lots of gifts that are rare and the price is right !
a very bad excuse for crab cakes .
i guess it 's the man in charge on the evening i went .
great service and fresh food .
it 's always good and very consistent .
i do n't even want to give them one star .
all the servers treat you like you 've been coming there for years .
good carne adovada !
... ... .
the fondue was pretty crappy .
it could have been cooked for a few hours longer .
stopped in and joshua was available right away to help me .
the chop salad is amazing .
amazing !
yup , that 's it .
we started with spinach artichoke dip which was so good !
so what if it 's ugly for a few months ? ''
i would recommend pizza hut over gus 's ... any day .
what little meat there was , was n't horrible .
she actually listens and takes the time to understand my issues .
the food was exceptional and our guests enjoyed the menu immensely .
both meals were excellent .
we just had a generally bad experience with this place .
parking can be really annoying too .
this place does n't even deserve _num_ star .
i 've really grown to hate applebees ... so why do i go ?
there was about _num_ % bread going on here .
a hidden gem in the desert .
no go .
`` happy hour '' was extremely limited in terms of drink & food .
love seeing don still walk the floor and so interactive with the crew .
she then handed me a menu .
worth _num_ bucks , but not near _num_ .
they took our reservation -- no problem .
i should not be doing anything before reading the reviews on yelp first !
basically that we could not get water , and it was _num_ degrees outside !
and no surprise because the wine was bad .
firstly it would n't take my debit card .
was a nice , well laid out store for its size .
thanks again , we 'll definitely be back !
for a sports bar , the food is pretty good .
the food was really well done .
the only person in this whole place who was friendly was the receptionist .
looks like i 'm breaking the trend of five-star reviews .
it 's one of my family 's favorite restaurants .
her passion for the way my head looks : ) keeps me coming back .
it 's great !
the service here is always great and they are friendly and quick !
the crust is so good , you could just eat crust and be happy !
if you have the chance stop by you will love it !
felt comfortable and at home .
i was surprised how good this place was .
but our most recent visit was very poor .
my favorite dish had its own sign but nothing was there in its place .
plenty of other places in the area to direct your hard earned money towards .
really nice .
well i took one bite and did not eat another .
now they bring a bowl with cheap strawberry jelly .
disgusting !
high prices , but they have great sales .
their salsa is full of flavor and chips home made .
amazing restaurant !
they give back the wrong change constantly .
the rice was bland and room temperature as was the beans .
went here at 8:30 so about _num_ minutes before they closed .
even with the great beer price , i will not go back .
i 'd definitely go here again .
top-notch .
the bakery goods are fresh and yummy everyday .
and i feel like i got ripped off .
such wonderful food and service .
i 'm not sure i can return after that discovery .
i would love to put zero stars .
oh and you have to pay almost $ _num_ for chips and salsa .
dang ... julio 's dishes out some pretty tasty mexican food !
breakfast burrito and lots of extra hot sauce .
the monkey cakes are also some of the best pancakes i 've ever had .
wow - such horribly disappointing mexican food .
my husband got my original engagement ring at this kay jewelers .
the store is clean and well laid out .
overall , avoid it .
what an imaginative menu !
always a great place to go for good food without the high prices .
a haircut , manicure , facial and a follow up haircut .
both were great !
amazing olive bread toast with raspberry jelly .
how hard is it to make chicken wings ?
the outdoor volleyball area is very nice .
everything was amazing !
was sooooo frustrating .
the hostess did n't even apologize .
and our waitress took about _num_ minutes to bring us our check .
i 'm only giving _num_ so i can write this review .
since my original review , i 've been to a few other shows here .
too expensive for what you get .
he knew i was unhappy but said it was my hair 's fault .
thank you !
for a fast food burger place , it 's pretty good .
i do n't know how this place stays in business .
i love that too .
drinks gone , food gone .
the only downside is that it 's so popular it 's always full !
misty is the best !
i 'm not one of the corn people .
i 've never had a chicago style deep dish pizza before .
the grounds are well maintained .
its a great place to start with your friends before you hit the clubs .
can definitely take the whole family here , there 's something for everyone .
good location .
this is my all time favorite and birthday every year restaurant .
the beef kabob was moist and flavorful and served with everything i like .
so $ _num_ off the tab was the only option they given me.
just terrific .
best food and service around !
they did n't even wrap our pita 's in pita bread !
had a great conversation with the owner about her shop and az history .
order large cream of broccoli soup in a bread bowl .
will definitely come again .
very good meal .
i was very happy with the people here .
i feel like it has gotten even worse recently .
thank you thank you !
so amazingly beautiful since it 's been redone !
i had been here several years ago and remember the amazing massage i received .
it was one of the worst customer service experiences of my life .
great customer service and very fast .
salsa is fresh and chips are the best .
plus the food has always been delicious and inexpensive .
the service was amazing the food was phenomenal .
great place as all the other yelpers have said .
love the modern look to this place and is very good food .
the portions here are truly large and the meat is very high quality .
so i sent him an email that day .
i got the response `` i know '' in an extremely rude tone .
food was fresh and good , prices were fair .
service was great !
good breakfast food .
the place is not cheap and you are not getting your money 's worth .
great customer service , great products .
troy was exceptional !
the pastas and meatball sandwiches here are delicious !
both were great .
the service was fine .
came here for my brother in-laws birthday .
so disappointing .
the atmosphere in the shop was so friendly .
nice to find a area with a little flavor in scottsdale .
i wish , now , i had gone with a different shop .
very disappointed !
this location has a real bad management issues - avoid this place !
the people working there are all awesome and friendly .
great quality food and the service is great .
would n't recommend .
i miss the picnic company i know and love !
they 'll do a detail job , costing up from there .
i had a great experience .
we also like the ambiance ... cozy , quiet music that matches the cuisine .
also , watch your drinks .
the jumbo shrimp cocktail is definitely jumbo !
dark , tired rooms .
i was hungry so i ate it .
i had a really good experience here .
management is rude and obnoxious .
it was an enjoyable and tasty breakfast !
i 've been to better breakfast joints !
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
this is about as authentic as you will find in the us .
anyways , the coffee was sub-par and the waffle was stone cold .
we got an assortment of sushi , rolls , sashimi , etc .
but they do n't have any ideas for nail art .
i pretty much eat here at least once a week !
the pork was so tender !
i really enjoyed it !
most everything was on the bland side and appeared to be not freshly prepared .
and i will continue to patronize this now customer service oriented establishment !
they pass up a lot of business people won ' [ t wait .
just gross !
it 's been at least _num_ minutes .
ordered a omelet and the waitress asked how do you want your eggs .
either way , the customer service sucked .
i will never go back there because the food is so bad .
she made my day even worse then it was !
nice seating .
great place for a hearty meal and not expensive !
this place was amazing !
patio in the back has a great atmosphere .
the bagels are surely delicious and lunch is just as good .
thx for a very special evening !
this gym has nice new equipment .
if it were up to me , i would give negative stars .
i love coming here !
so disappointed : ( .
there were _num_ of us in total .
sometimes we come with a large group , and that 's always fun too .
i give it a two thumbs up !
there are plenty of delicious bar food dishes to choose from .
the restaurant is much bigger inside than it looks .
i 'll be adding them to my `` best burger '' list .
the smoothies are great , but the customer service is awful .
the worst motel _num_ is better kept up than this .
i would n't step inside this store again .
helen is the best !
the sea bass was amazing !
great service , great atmosphere , and great food !
big , tasty & filled with guacamole !
most if the time it is slow .
short order kitchen staff keeps everything very clean .
great service , quality , and price !
i would stay away from this business unless you like to gamble .
so really hot ? ''
the husband enjoyed his bean and cheese burrito .
house chianti nice .
i love they offer small & large portions , perfect for sharing .
amazing !
it sucks for the patron .
it was far better than i expect it would of been .
i love living here !
it 's not the same owners , but the food is really good .
good food and a neighborhood bar feel that just says , have a drink .
overall a bad experience .
friendly service and great times .
try the qt kitchen ... amazing fresh and fast food .
when we asked asked for the straws she literally threw them on the table .
the food that was suppose to be hot was luke warm .
what the hell it said open for _num_ more min .
if you are looking for guitar experts this is your place !
what a waste of money .
king gyro 's is a hit .
* service started out good , but for some reason our waiter disappeared .
i do n't know why i keep coming back to this place .
great food too !
caring , smart and with answers to issues , what more can you ask .
no call back .
good cocktails .
awesome place !
great deal .
a great deal ( beware , bar is crowded . )
i am the owner of devine 's .
i 've had a number of bad experiences .
the bar decor is that awesome cowboy look .
great food !
i will definitely be coming back next time i 'm in town !
excellent work , excellent customer service .
$ _num_ for two adults and one kid .
tried this place for the first time .
a lot of love goes into their food and it comes with great ambience .
good food for the money , not great but good .
i would highly recommend the beef cheesesteak - it is my all time favorite .
very tasty .
no call back .
we were sorely disappointed .
this is one of my top two favorite traditional pizza places in valley .
thank you baker wee !
our shirts were so beautiful and the artwork was fantastic !
when buying a home , you have a choice .
a great little place to stop and have breakfast in downtown chandler .
support your local businesses people .
i highly recommend rumors salon and even more so amanda .
the place really needs a few coats of paint and some cleaning up .
great for lunch , brunch , dinner or happy hour .
i have to fill in , not take away .
slowest `` fast food '' place i 've ever been .
all in all , very unprofessional .
this place is adorable .
i love shopping at this store !
went for the 4th time yesterday , totally tasty !
the pasta was bland and the meat sauce - also bland .
carol and dr. julie were outstanding .
highly recommend - you ca n't find food like this everywhere .
sometimes the dressing tastes tangy , other times it 's salty .
they have great quality boutique style clothing and jewelry for women of all ages .
i always get the four cheese rigatoni , and it is very good .
its the worst customer service .
this is a nice intimate , affordable and convenient comedy club .
well first it 's not a biscuit .
love the beer , especially at happy hour or thirsty thursday .
this place is just bad news .
a super special outing !
loved , loved , loved my experience today !
dishonest tactics have led me to sell higher quality items elsewhere .
they pack their gyros with meat ... .
these guys are honest , and true to thier word .
she stood there with an annoyed look and said `` well ?
the dinner i had here was absolutely fabulous !
nothing at all memorable about this place .
they always have me covered at a fair price .
first , the service is outstanding !
they really need to work on their hospitality skills .
the food is alright , but i come here mainly for the beer !
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .
they '' re certainly doing something right !
the food was excellent .
also their salsa is pretty good and spicy .
would recommend !
no worries , i will call back at 8:00 .
all the staff is very friendly especially the hostess carrie !
i love sweet things but this was too much .
it 's quiet , cozy , and has really interesting decor .
the food is good but slightly pricy , and service is efficient and friendly .
the guys here are super nice and friendly .
eggs were well made & delicious .
will definitely return for any future repairs .
nothing came close to tasting anything like chinese food .
grabbed a roast beef and cheddar sandwich for $ _num_ .
great way to spend a hour and a half in the phoenix area !
too bad she has to work with horrible people .
amazing service .
not much there .
nice staff .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .
they have such a large selection of boots and cute clothes .
the staff was more than accommodating and the environment very pleasant .
one of my favorite things to do in summer .
the event really made us want to go back for dinner !
staff is always rocking and fast .
they make going to the dentist fun for children .
lots of fun .
i really recommend this place if you like spicy food .
what great food & service .
she never looked back in my direction .
the food was delicious !
had to wait _num_ min to get chicken and old tasting side dishes .
the filet that was ordered at the table was fabulous .
hey you been warned .
no way !
sides are good and feed _num_ .
the food was out dated and over cooked .
we will not be back .
however , there would not be any manager on shift until tomorrow afternoon .
plus they have good wifi .
one might think there would be not much more to say .
wrong !
this place rocks .
after this last time i will not return .
both of these items are on the happy hour menu .
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .
i do n't get the crust .
fresh fruits and veggies at a super cheap price .
love love loved the place ... .
i came here with a group of _num_ people for lunch .
no that was n't the case .
they need to hire some more help and stop being cheap .
my car was returned with the bumper plastic guard broke .
you can eat and drink for an unbeatable price .
she did my daughters piercing , was super cool and friendly .
great place .
but the cleanliness is seriously , seriously lacking .
unfortunately our experience will not lead us back there .
skimpy skimpy pours on wine , almost ridiculously so .
_num_ because the price is right .
when i walked in it smelled musty and looked dated .
they have a good selection of traditional dishes and mexican breakfast dishes .
an excellent date place !
there is something special about the delicious ricotta with the other flavors .
the other table gets their beers and sushi ... still nothing !
great customer service .
the dining area was very clean .
the egg rolls were ok , they could have been more crunchy .
& mgr .
on the bright side the monkey pancake was awesome .
nowhere near good enough food for the shitty service .
great service and authentic german food tastes sooooo good .
i 've also referred several friends and they have all been extremely happy .
the tobacco is great , and their cigar selection is awesome as well .
as always , they have great displays and cool pop stuff .
the cake was delicious !
i 've had better margaritas at places with better menus .
good quality for the price .
service good .
the breakfast club happens to be a rare gem in a prime location .
it 's a thing of beauty .
i had a wonderful experience this evening purchasing my new purse and wallet .
the bar food is really good !
i pay over _num_ dollars every month for a tiny one bedroom apartment .
plus , i instantly have long , beautiful hair !
the flavor of the dishes were average with nothing standing out .
i highly recommend this veterinary office .
called _num_ times and am assured i will be called back .
it was amazing !
i love their selections of beers !
and whatever you do , do n't forget to close your tab !
he was quick to get it right and ease my mind .
this is hands down the worst company i have ever dealt with .
the worst service !
not acceptable .
i 'll definitely be back soon and can safely say that `` yay !
tacky , tacky , tacky !
best mushroom enchilada 's in town !
_num_ minutes after that the single beer my dad ordered came .
go for the viva las vegas , fantastic !
the room smelled like old popcorn when we arrived late in the afternoon .
no freakin rice .
a good place to take visitors from out-of-town for a unique scottsdale experience .
enjoyed wine on tap too !
however , lately my visits to this store have been a huge joke .
and this walgreens is so freaking clean and neat .
my patio faces the green , disgusting pool .
wow !
grab a beer .
we had appetizers and entrees and they were so great .
three year old had an eye emergency .
that is ridiculous , i want to warn people of their inflated prices .
my coffee was also cold which was a complete shame .
such great service and atmosphere !
great shop !
fast food hong kong tastes like fast food chinese in usa .
its a pretty big place with a patio for smokers outside .
i went to the biltmore and alas that location was gone .
i love their bread .
they recently renovated the pool area .
love the food , the service is above average and so are the prices .
these guys are straight up honest !
needless to say we 'll never stay here again !
i also love their the lobster .
this place , staff , management and corporate do n't deserve any starts !
after waiting for _num_ minutes i had to cancel and leave .
great service , selection , great staff and very reasonable prices .
i have two cats and feel _num_ % confident that they receive great care .
i 've been eating here for years and i love this restaurant .
very thorough and professional tech and medical staff .
will definitely be back !
very disappointed with the customer service .
it made no sense .
so far , so good .
the food is always good , and most of the waitresses .
our little girl loved watching the planes take off while she enjoyed her pancakes !
highly recommend her for any of your waxing needs .
i 've become a regular customer of this place .
my husband had a delicious bourbon soaked salmon with sweet potatoe ravioli .
these guys are great !
we had fun , great outing for kids and adults .
the staff is rude and not helpful .
my dog was not walking pretty much at all .
we 'll definitely be back for more !
because the pizza had changed , it was n't vito 's old pizza !
we will definitely be coming here again !
pools are yellow and dirty all the time .
very annoying .
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .
and i really love the avocado torta .
no stars cheba hut .
everything is very very fresh and the service is good .
strong coffee .
i go here for the drive thru since it 's pretty quick .
steaks are very good .
cute museum .
i had a great experience here .
the atmosphere , service and food here is simply outstanding .
the atmosphere was very nice as was the staff .
service was some of the best that we have ever had .
the sauce they use is very flavorful , and the pita bread is great .
our server was and the owner was not here .
small , clean in a do n't touch anything kind of way .
so i tried again and again it did n't work .
the guacamole is great as well !
they also have a lot of great salads , and amazing fresh mozzarella .
terrible experience .
worst hotel experience ever !
they were very professional , and lead great classes .
do n't buy the groupon you will regret it .
surprise !
i repeat , they do not take groupons .
both were absolutely amazing .
we ordered a pizza and it took _num_ hours to show up .
it being around _num_ or 6pm , the place was utterly packed .
very rude !
at least once a week , sometimes more , we shop there .
we have found that the sandwiches are spectacular .
two years later my cat is healthy and happy .
all the food is tasty so try something new to you .
very friendly and fast .
i love their cheese pizza , definately one of a kind .
i love a good buffet !
the man that works here is horrible .
if you go here , go luck .
the old school force is strong in this one .
i got my food a little after 5:00 so that sucked .
i ordered fajitas and they tasted very much like a `` chemical taste '' .
they have the best coffee .
but no .
or they put eyes down like they did n't hear you !
chicken was dry dry dry .
the service was great , ambiance perfect , and of course the food !
went today to pick up a to-go order and was very disappointed .
there was no assistance with baggage or with assisting them to their room .
needless to say , i was a wreck the next morning for my meeting .
_num_ stars for how they tried to talk down to me .
food and service were amazing !
a really nice local place with quality food , reasonable price and excellent service .
i want to leave _num_ stars !
the price is really reasonable too !
my cookie dough blizzard was great .
great atmosphere on the patio .
needless to say , this is my new eye place .
every time i order food , something is always overcooked .
minutes to get a drink refill and our waitress only had three tables !
the spaghetti bolognese was meh !
they do n't even try to move quickly or efficiently .
excellent service .
i tried _num_ different items but was most impressed with the tempura shrimp .
i wish i would have read the yelp reviews before taking my truck there .
every phone call i made was picked up by voicemail .
so that wasted over an hour of my time for nothing .
the menu is extremely creative and the food is incredible .
delicious !
try the meatballs and wine ; absolute flavor - including the ambience !
quality you would expect from jamba juice with exceptional service .
there 's plenty of better sushi places in the valley .
highly recommend !
frank and lupe 's is one of my new favorites in old town scottsdale .
had room service each night and it was good and fair priced !
_num_ of us are .
food here is always tasty .
talk about saving money and getting great healthy produce in one shot !
delivery was super fast .
they 're hot and fresh .
there is a little cafe within the lobby that serves only breakfast and dinner .
i really appreciate his customer service and how helpful he was !
it was the best ever .
lol why do white people use yelp ?
not cold , but not even really lukewarm .
seems like a lack of truth in advertising .
this is bread heaven .
horrible experience today .
the next morning , we drove a little further and found a cracker barrel .
the entire staff is very professional and well trained .
not good pizza .
it was a unique dining experience .
i 'd definitely come back !
seriously , she sucks .
of menu items in addition to the daily specials .
they also have mussels which are fantastic flavor wise and price wise .
went back with another couple sunday , and it was totally different .
nancy and the staff were great !
i will not be back unless my meal is free .
he declined and she did nothing else to comp for it .
very rude cashier named angela , i believe .
do you want amazing service ?
oh just die already .
looks like they have pre-made cooked pizza .
but my experience was awful .
still think $ _num_ domestic drafts for this place unreasonable .
this is right in my neighborhood .
loved the gringos !
this place has super caring people .
the staff has always been just lukewarm .
also , the portions here are less than the portions i get elsewhere .
we will not be back .
a true scottsdale landmark .
i walked away looking amazing !
i love this place .
best baked goodies , awesome sandwiches & soup !
excellent .
i was soooo excited to eat here .
my friend got it iced and was n't as delicious .
give it a shot !
i was with my friend and her mom and the service was horrible .
took a blow dryer back with the receipt that was bought in july .
terrible manager ( how he has a job , i do not know .
the pancakes are delicious and pretty much everything i ordered was amazing .
are you kidding me ?
self seating in bar and patio during happy hour .
thanks scottsdale air !
they were excellent .
there is a lot more i could say but i think this is sufficient .
i highly recommend e & m painting .
we both enjoyed the dishes !
it 's like shopping at a farmer 's market !
staff was horribly inattentive .
good prices , friendly staff and super convenient !
another romantic spot .
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .
and the people that stroll in there are a good mix .
typical strip mall restaurant in south scottsdale .
the food is also authentic .
i have never payed _num_ drinks not included for food that was so terrible .
everyone was great .
affordable and tasty all in one place .
and really is only $ _num_ cheaper than a taxi .
and avoid the pastries .
i would recommend this place to any out of town guest or family member .
great choices - something for everyone and tasty .
water and bread was served immediately .
what a great place !
food was good ... .
he does not respect anyone 's time other than his own .
honestly , the mornings are very dependable , but afternoons are disappointing .
will definitely be back .
i had to spit out half of it because of such low quality .
really great !
patron silver .
it is a great place for a casual date night .
it is simply the best pizza in town .
it was a mess trying to deal with the owner .
places like this do not deserve our business .
the food is absolutely delicious and the ambiance is perfect .
every thing was perfect .
warm , friendly , and efficient .
their staff and the owner were all very nice .
terrible service and horrible servers .
its excellent !
good beer selection and food was very good .
so happy !
we love this place !
i am not sure how albertsons stays in business .
attention , general manager ... ... you have a problem .
soooo good !
the receptionist claimed she did n't have my reservation , despite my email confirmation .
pizza & wine with the girls .
cute things at reasonable prices .
there is nothing that could be done better here - top notch !
this is my favorite gyro place .
instead of helping out and bringing bread to suffice a child .
the place is old , over priced , bad service .
love it !
wo n't recommend to anyone .
will definitely be back .
amazing dining experience .
i love a good bar especially the food .
i was almost done placing my order online .
not really a deal , and poor selection .
if you want great meat at a great price ... go here now !
highly recommend staying here .
consistently wrong orders even when asked to repeat the order back .
i recommend the coconut joe .
a very good little shop .
the service if always friendly and the restaurant looks beautiful .
i love this resort , grounds are beautiful .
great customer service team there !
she is a gem !
it 's so good and sweet i could eat it for breakfast .
the speed of the food was fantastic .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .
do yourself a favor and sit at the bar with her .
highly recommended .
do n't bother .
i can not trust any professional who is not upfront with you about costs .
definitely has a welcoming and relaxing atmosphere .
ugh , this place is just terrible .
the worst cleaner around .
friendly , great pour .
absolutely loving the wings !
the service is always good and the food is consistent .
the flavors were not balanced .
prices are a little high but they always have coupons out .
i just moved here and it is hard finding new everything !
fun place , fun times , and amazing food !
the mimosas were okay , but small and difficult to mess up anyway .
i 'm hooked !
great energy in restaurant , but also intimate .
i definitely recommend this salon and gary !
he never came back with the pain meds he promised .
great music , great people , great drinks .
asked for blue cheese stuffed olives .
definitely will go back !
the chicken was plump and juicy .
this was fantastic !
the staff was friendly and the facility was clean and nice .
awesome food .
they have a great selection of entrees , both lunch and breakfast .
after reading other reviews , it sounds like this pricing is common practice .
great food !
they would have been much better if served fresh .
very disappointing !
the service was great , too !
if you 're in the area id recommend you try this place .
north phoenix area is totally worth it !
great food .
awesome lunch special .
definitely recommend the prickly pear margarita , frozen .
they have contacted me this week to try to remedy this .
tonight was my last meal .
her technique with color is phenomenal !
i would highly recommend this dental office .
will definitely be a repeat customer .
i highly recommend trying one of their pizzas with the sweet italian sausage .
the food is consistently great .
persian room definitely does n't disappoint .
nice way to enjoy dinner in the air conditioning .
i was pretty pissed , so i decided to cancel the mariachi idea .
the pizza was great both times .
ribs were amazing !
jordan 's rocks .
good service and great drink prices .
great hidden mexican joint .
i 'm grateful i did n't waste money on a math class here !
we always have such a great time !
no check in or explanation from workers about length of time .
our washer stop working and we needed to do some laundry for the week .
ever since they remodeled and got new management the service is terrible .
best sandwiches i have ever eaten in this city !
worst customer service i 've ever had .
the sprint employee could n't check him out .
korean food is mediocre for a restaurant stating its specialty in korean food .
now for the good stuff : great location , able to walk to everything !
my new favorite place .
$ _num_ to use the splash park ?
best place in arizona !
great view , great food , great service ... reservations needed .
by far the worst dining experience i have ever had .
do n't let few people in the waiting room fool you .
this place is really nice !
awesome sandwiches .
worst _num_ 1/2 hrs .
love love love dennys and all of it 's glory .
car wash was good .
husband said it wasnt that bad but he wouldnt have it again .
the employees are always friendly and welcoming .
well recommended .
and he did a fabulous job .
this may be our new favorite restaurant !
fries wo n't get a review but the poor service will .
they have a good list of them too .
she helped me picked out a sandwich she thought i would like .
$ _num_ for chicken tikka masala with no rice or naan .
-they do not care about their tenants .
delicious .
cool .
do not call these guys i think the reviews here are all family members .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .
they have great tasting water and sell water containers in multiple sizes .
however the service was horrible .
will be back for some more of that great atmosphere real soon .
sodas , beers , drinks , and even water bottles are all overpriced .
went with my family and everyone got something different .
i mean i get it ... mistakes happen .
he never once returned to check on our entree or dessert course .
the staff is friendly and helpful .
i should n't have to track you down to find this out .
awesome !
very nice family environment .
( not exaggerating here , guy apparently forgot he works for tips ) .
outside of that , i 'd suggest staying anywhere else .
heaven on earth !
they staff was overwhelmed and inexperienced .
what ever you do , do not think twice about using this company .
i love this place !
which is why i forgot .
but somehow , the partying continued - as did our lack of sleep .
went to elements for the first time yesterday for brunch with some friends .
the place was never cleaned .
lots of cool sports memorabilia on the walls .
best duck curry i 've ever had .
highly recommended .
forgetting to ever get drinks after drink order was taken .
i love hole in the wall finds .
well done villa cafe !
very experienced technicians .
thumbs up !
absolutely loved my chicken enchilada !
i have recommended her to friends , family and coworkers .
i have complete peace of mind coming here .
so you enjoy authentic wood fired pizza and a small mom and pop shop ?
ca n't complain their doughnut is affordable and taste really delicious .
good hole in wall restaurant .
i am sorry but i wo n't come back .
i will eat at other places .
that was highly disrespectful .
the bartender was weird .
so far , everything i have tried on the menu has been delicious .
i had my sons birthday party last weekend and he was great help .
a great place for lunch as well .
unfortunately , when i spend $ _num_ on sandwiches i expect something worth that .
also , the girl who sat us in was also very disinterested .
this is the best tasting pizza in all of arizona .
good burgers , fries , chicken sandwich and love the chili .
my complaint is that the portion size was smaller for the restaurant week menu .
fast and friendly service .
i went around ten on saturday night and it was packed .
as a first timer , this was good for lunch .
i just do n't .
the only pool complaint i have was from the last day of our stay .
love going here with a sweet location .
the food is beyond amazing and so is the service .
our service was great , and there was eye candy all over !
been back multiple times and will continue to on the future !
they wo n't split the check .
this place is consistently good .
kudos to the chef and his staff for always putting out such wonderful food .
the pizza & wing special is classic .
$ _num_ drafts .
you will find equal or better for less ) .
very fresh and tasty .
i would definitely recommend this practice .
no one even called me .
i will not be back .
went there for valentines day and the atmosphere was lively and fun .
everything about this place is the best .
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !
friendly and efficient staff and best doctors ever .
the owner says if i refuse to pay he will send me to collections .
no complaints .
also , do not go to the eye docs here .
hostesses who give your table away to the wrong party .
everything comes out hot , fresh & looks as good as it tastes !
hugo boss is one of my favorite brands .
i love this place !
i had a surprisingly good stay here and would come back again .
nice salad and great rice too !
wo n't be going back to this location .
the prices are high , but the whole experience is worth it .
great bartender downstairs with knowledge of beer and wine .
not sure what or how many creatures are living under there .
we were expecting to have the gold rush experience .
the food is delicious !
too bad .
my favorite !
and it was horrible .
razz knows how to make the food sing .
poor service .
everyone is always so nice there and helpful .
love the patio !
i love the veggie skillet with extra cheese .
dinner last night was delicious !
good sized location .
the staff has always been friendly , polite , and timely .
only giving a one star because there 's no option for _num_ stars .
nice staff .
unfortunately these people have absolutely no idea what they are doing !
this was surprisingly good for a random trip into a strip mall .
they also have a nice outdoor area .
great start to the day .
these guys are great !
i eat breakfast for dinner sometimes i like it so much .
when my group went , it was definitely busy and i can see why .
amazing food .
i went on a friday afternoon and it was dead !
holy crap are they slow .
unfortunately we left over 3/4 of our food in the trash .
the best italian food and sandwiches .
let me tell you , every doughnut i had was fantastic !
the atmosphere is always enjoyable including the live music .
i was craving donuts , and decided to stop in for a couple .
they have a great variety .
the owner is awesome with a great sense of humor .
nice place to start the evening and enjoy each other 's company .
delivery was fast and the food was hot .
your way through people to find the exit to get out .
and found many more reasons why i had a good time .
service is so horrible .
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .
best jeans shop in town , local owned and great folks !
servers attention was elsewhere ... never listened to our order .
and given the great places we have reviewed , that is saying a lot .
these guys do business the right way .
all of the staff is very experienced and knowledgeable .
customer service is not a focus of this office .
we love this restaurant !
love the chile relleno burrito as well.
no apology whatsoever .
excellent diner food and ambiance !
ugh .
but we had a great time ; the grounds and pools were beautiful .
highly recommended !
probably the best breakfast burrito known to man !
the food is outstanding and the ambience is great .
theresa at the front desk helped suggest some necessary travel items .
three weeks later , still no pictures .
it 's got a very intimate , cozy , date feel to it .
if you want to sleep do not stay here .
if there was a negative star on here i would give it .
the restaurant was crowded and the music really loud .
then through each room she introduced me to people .
both are not worth feeding to a rat .
excellent customer service .
i wo n't be back to this location .
we did top off dinner with some really good pistachio type ice cream .
and the place has gotten significantly less busy at this point .
did not enjoy living here .
we enjoyed our dining experience today .
cute , yummy restaurant .
by far one of the best places in arizona .
customer service sucks .
the rooms are dated , and smells funky .
it 's a small place about _num_ tables inside and cozy .
the ice cream and service are both good too .
he told me he remembered me and apologized for being closed .
but this last chance was the last straw .
simple and fantastic .
the food was overpriced , their pancakes cost $ _num_ without any sides .
resort ?
this is a total failure of this restaurant design .
consistent .
they do not honor what your insurance states you owe either .
i will not be coming back .
the fish was not even average in texture and taste .
there is a nice bakery nearby , as well as a little coffee shop .
have been several times and service and food has gone down hill each time .
so i throw a ball down the lane .
it 's like magic !
the food was delicious and the host was terrific as were the servers .
the office is beautiful and the customer service is impeccable !
really awful .
the staff we talked to seemed to lack product knowledge .
love this place .
amazing food !
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .
the two times i had seafood with the pasta i got sick .
super cute place for a date .
if you 're late it 's _num_ after the fifth of the month .
do n't stay at this hotel .
rick is honest , helpful and extremely professional .
i just got a puppy and the team over here is just great .
crap everywhere .
service was terrible .
i was sad i was hurt .
i 'm continually impressed when there is an issue , it gets fixed .
avoid at all costs !
the place was full but the whole experience left much to be desired .
i really enjoyed myself here .
they seem very proud of their cuisine and with good reason .
i 'll keep coming here as long as they stay open !
seriously not good !
the management has been great at getting to some issues right away !
this only adds so much more stress to my last month before the wedding .
a waste of time and money !
other people simply got fed up & left .
found this place on yelp while visiting scottsdale and so glad that i did !
great customer service and product knowledge .
that 's where it ends , though .
i thank both of these men for their patience with me .
he definitely made our night .
the beer is just an extra added bonus .
this lady even spoke about how she was drinking and driving home .
i appreciate all his work and look forward to recommending him to anyone in .
the patio here is almost as good as the food .
baked wings r yummy and the blackened salmon salad is great !
thanks again !
great margs and good selection of beers .
they do n't even deserve _num_ star !
everyone is friendly , drinks and music are great .
great selection of high quality , high fashion clothing .
flour tortillas are real .
the staff are nice and the place is near a lot of shops .
i love to get the gyro platter here , its so good !
swanky wendy 's -- - good stuff .
it is a very nice place to call home !
the green chili pork is fucking amazing !
absolutely the worst dealership i 've ever been to .
just an overall great family owned establishment .
i immediately said no and opened my purse to show them .
like most americans , i dream of a good bagel .
i 'd give zero star if possible .
the food was very bland and boring , even for a sports bar .
i highly suggest the upgrade ; definitely worth it .
i could get fish out of the cap canal that taste better .
very nice work ; good customer service and a few laughs .
we loved this resort !
and asked for sauce on the side so my noodles wo n't get soggy .
do n't bring your convention here !
both dentists on board take great care of their patients .
the mandarin orange and cranberry pork is excellent .
great for my gluten free needs and super friendly .
the room is ok , just ok , not offensive , nothing special .
very disappointed .
you ca n't taste the difference and it 's much healthier for you .
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .
high recommend !
the folks there are also great !
we came on january 1st and had a phenomenal time .
as well as a trip to a vet opened on the weekend .
what an amazing little place !
closed kitchen early because they were slow .
their chef is terrific !
highly recommend getting a sub here !
a manager came over and offered me a drink coupon for my next visit .
quick great service !
this is the first negative review i have written .
i refuse to go to this mcdonald 's .
- let me just get this out of the way .
makes you wonder if they bother tasting anything first .
still , it 's not worth the wait , or really any wait .
down the street from my office , i love this place !
really delicious .
the property is well kept , constantly being upgraded and quiet .
really good people .
we will keep using it .
if your time is n't precious , then i would recommend them .
i wo n't be back anytime soon , but glad i got to go .
very competent , compassionate & friendly staff .
this company has terrible business practices !
for some reason she thought i was weird for not drinking that .
their waiting area is nice too .
will not being going back or recommending it to anyone .
his office staff is amazing and i love my hygienist !
this store is not set up very well .
very , very good mexican food .
everything is made fresh .
we need to get ready for a wedding .
it was about as bad a dining experience as i can imagine .
love going to this place .
the pizza is the best ... hands down !
no hand soap or no shower soap .
one meal was the wrong meal .
another great experience on dolly the steamboat .
very good !
i would definately recommend them to anyone !
for sure the worst duck i ever had .
i always get sushi and love it !
the hamburgers are terrific .
these guys are great .
we got our wedding cake here and the experience was so much fun .
my hotel room coffee has more bite .
i would n't go anywhere else and would recommend them to anyone and everyone !
i would 've preferred they just charged more for the tickets and be upfront .
beans and rice tasted bland like from a can .
the sandwiches are to delicious !
but it 's not !
also , staff is awesome !
this is a fancy fine dining restaurant with a casual feel .
every one that works here is super friendly and works as fast as possible .
the service was excellent and friendly .
the employees are great too and already know us at the drive thru window .
my wife loves the pineapple empanadas from here .
today was my first time here and unfortunately had a very bad experience .
i like their drive through and customer friendliness .
pours me a cup of super extreme coffee and says have a seat .
great for large parties , and they cater .
apologized and stated our meals would be out shortly .
went to frys to get a some battery 's and charger .
always consistent pizza and wings .
i loved her joyful personality !
they remember me every time !
worst experience at a whataburger ever .
we also ordered the cannoli for dessert and it was very good .
my first experience at keg steakhouse and bar was super disappointing ... .
we 've eaten here every year for the past ten years .
worth a check if you 're in the market for some gently used items .
the place is really charming and the people kind .
also the bathroom was a _num_ out of _num_ in terms of cleanliness .
very friendly service .
i do n't know what the deal was but our server was horrible .
very good .
everything turned out great !
what was strange is that both servers were just wandering around the restaurant .
i love michael v !
i hate , hate , hate choosing from old nail polish colors .
it was not bad i guess , maybe i had too high of expectations .
the waiter , who was nice , asked if we were all good .
if zero stars had been an option i would have chose that .
service here was as good as back home -- very friendly and helpful .
the ambience is very relaxed as well as classy .
oh wow this place is awesome !
great greek food , reasonable prices .
oh well i 'll definitely be back and i 'll use it then !
no food no money .
excellent service and so many classic sundaes to choose from .
our food was exceptional !
not my type of fun .
great meal , good service but a bit too dark .
the total bill for those procedures will run more than $ _num_ dollars .
i heard great things , and i just did not experience these great things .
our waiter was nice but still a little clueless .
so i drove _num_ minutes down there and walked in at 1:30 .
friendly service .
i am still very unsatisfied with this company .
the doctors are compassionate and very knowledgable in what they do .
jerk : are you interested in starting to collect ?
the mushroom sauce was delicious .
homemade fresh bread with cilantro , basil and onion .
i was not let down at all and will recommend and come back !
i love my hair and will definitely be returning .
and this was extremely disappointing .
i especially enjoyed the spinach dip .
i mentioned that i had not even been billed for that as yet .
everything else is ok , but why do they do that .
try the sesame chicken .
we sat down and ordered cheesy garlic bread to start .
go for the decor , make a reservation , and enjoy yourself .
he did n't take time to listen to what the patient wanted .
it 's not worth the walk downstairs .
and a great car !
and for the prices we paid , it was not good enough .
huge fan !
i will always try to eat in the bar area .
super cute patio .
great crew working there w great authentic mexican food .
love this place !
best hole in the wall there could be !
horrible service .
both were amazing .
take a look at the picture for an idea of what i mean .
they will not allow you to view the art without a salesperson present .
i walked out after _num_ minutes waiting for a chicken sandwich .
i 'll always be a new yorker .
everything was nice and fresh and not too greasy .
great shakes !
all of it was excellent , and the service was top-notch .
they care about my dog and do wonderful work .
i ordered a thai noodle dish with tofu and my bf ordered pad thai .
unfortunate .
service was very good .
please do not get your car washed or detailed here .
unfortunately , it made our experience a disappointment and we wo n't be back .
each time , the staff has been very friendly , helpful and patient .
i completed the course feeling upset , hurt and angry .
service is friendly .
scheduled appt for business to be sprayed .
i love it !
love love love !
excellent spot for breakfast .
thank you for always keeping my boy healthy and happy while i 'm away !
we wo n't be going back or recommending .
the spa lunch was tasty and felt so fresh and healthy .
the service was friendly and very helpful .
i 'm a fan of their lemon bar .
i love this arby 's now !
she loved it .
phenomenal , authentic thai food .
after waiting _num_ hrs we called to check on our order .
the guacamole was really disappointing too .
i should just go to home depot instead .
food is great and so is the memorabilia .
alright price .
i was really disappointed especially after reading other reviews .
it was beautiful and lined with lady fingers to cover sides .
this bar is cool and hip .
great bread , sandwiches and soup .
lots of empty stations .
we love the cove .
it is a horrible place .
needless to say , i will never patron this location again .
_num_ % added on for fees .
this is the best shooting range that i have been to .
it 's small and old , but they 've kept it up well .
their crust is perfectly thin and crunchy in all the right places .
awesome staff !
love this place !
we were n't able to eat together .
the ceviche is wonderful and margaritas are sooo good !
awesome steak !
`` sorry , there is nothing i can do . ''
would i stay here again , only if someone else was paying for it .
service was fantastic , and the wine selection was extensive .
ribs were drenched in sauce ... way too much .
good food , bad service or actually no service .
good tournament is held every tuesday at _num_ .
there 's usually a wait but it 's always worth it .
fantastic !
thanks to ron jr .
i 've searched the valley for a bagel .
they were amazing and very accommodating .
absolutely the `` best of phoenix '' .
even when you 're full you keep eating .
the are rude and very snobby for a service that should be great .
oh i got my band geek back on now !
everyone loved it .
this place is amazing !
i told them which insurance i use and i was quoted a price .
first , the salad came out with the wings .
their mini appetizer platter is delicious and i usually eat it as a meal .
this definitely calls for an update .
i do n't care what you 're serving up in there , no thanks .
i will never step foot here again .
our server patrick was great !
chinese food in tempe is weak , i will not be coming back here .
we were guests to a lovely venue !
do not go to this venue .
the staff was wonderful .
nice restaurant , casual place .
i am a huge fan !
staff are very friendly and helpful .
get it together los olivos !
the red salsa is definitely hot , but in a very good way !
mattresses on both beds were worn out years ago .
soft white napkins have been replaced by rough ugly brown napkins .
great job !
the tempe location seems to have a worse track record .
waiter was pleasant and attentive .
the restaraunt was clean , well appointed , and the service was excellent .
more importantly , the location is the best in all of scottsdale .
very shady practices here .
cool little free museum that 's located in the heart of old town scottsdale .
this location is good !
everything we have tried has been delicious !
truly horrible service .
so friday , i decided to stop in and pick up a few things .
it is a mellow setting and very relaxing with unique music .
i am absolutely satisfied with my first time visit .
good fresh hot food .
i had a terrible experience with this company .
the owners make the salon less than stellar .
i 'm sick of this location .
i 'm so disappointed as i love to shop local .
manager apologized , did n't take plate away .
only reason why we eat here is it is close to our house .
great food , huge portions , really decent prices .
they really love the animals they work with .
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .
we actually had to get up and poke our head in the kitchen .
i would recommend this place to travelers .
funky and fresh to see something different .
not impressed to say the least .
and the mashed potatoes tasted like they were instant .
they lack taste and still does n't compare to my mother 's thai recipe .
i give it _num_ greasy spoons .
they specialize in beer and wine , great selection of import beers and wine .
after having marginal service we were less than impressed .
it was appalling .
to start , what they call `` toasted '' is just warmed up .
trying to beat the late night rush .
service at the persian room was excellent .
really , really ?
the chicken in the dish was good but the noodles were way too big .
never again , hometown .
actually , just keep walking .
more of a snow bird or older person hang out .
we were very pleased .
not worth the wait .
thank you to you all for your help !
great family dinner spot .
they 're totally delicious .
malee 's was perfect and reminded me why i love thai food so much .
my experience was horrible .
reasonably priced , and delivery is always speedy .
i forget how fun bowling is !
love this place .
the whole family loved it !
well , i tried the other store , and they were out all together .
i enjoy going to the phoenix public market on saturday mornings .
no vacuum , no nothing !
however , the food is outrageously good .
this particular location was pretty good .
home made pasta and always a special board full of creative dishes .
they are phenomenal !
there is a shop with jewelry , fun gifts & clothes .
one of the most romantic spots in the valley .
wow !
definitely one of the best deserts on the planet .
i definitely recommend !
your tummy will be happy .
lunch specials are amazing .
i love olive garden , i love their salad & bread sticks .
i could barely walk for _num_ days !
dead roach in the kitchen upon move in .
the whole place was very clean and did not have a strong chemical smell .
he continued to feed us until we finally called `` uncle '' !
not much to right home about .
they also have boarding and grooming in office .
there was shit everywhere and it was filthy to say the least .
one of my many favorite places to eat when visiting scottsdale !
it was really good and i 'm sure i will be back .
at no time did they tell me financing would be a problem .
he walked off , rather quickly .
we ordered the tempura spring roll which was excellent and we both really enjoyed .
pretty good .
plenty of pool tables and good competition .
great good , good price , casual small market atmosphere .
malee 's is one of my favorite restaurants in the valley .
a terrible place .
right in the middle of everything !
the enchiladas were not even rolled .
food was great chorizo and egg burrito .
breakfast was really good & the lady in the breakfast room was so sweet .
the tacos were $ _num_ a piece , and we 're tiny !
their cheese fondue and bread are a must .
it was a hazelnut torte that was light fluffy and delicious .
definitely would eat here again !
awesome pizza !
it was all downhill from there .
the enchiladas came smothered in cheese ( good ! )
i did n't even understand it .
and after trying one of these icy treats i can see why !
its very fluffy and its done just right .
it was the worst starbucks i 've ever been .
this place is the same place it was and has been for 10+ years .
authentic mexican , big portions , delicious !
she is gentle , meticulous and funny !
we opted for the happy hour on the patio .
for $ _num_ it was a disappointment .
huge lack of customer service or wanting to make things right .
and the parking can occasionally be interesting .
the serrano chili enchiladas were amazing .
last night though , i think i 'd had it .
his staff is very helpful and friendly too !
all in all , the service experience was extremely poor .
it was very good and felt like a home town cafe .
was advised there 's no service at these tables .
i beyond recommend !
great prices , he beats all competitor 's pricing .
salmon is also good and so is the enchilada dish !
they will deliver your clothes to your home which makes it very convenient .
rice was okay , nothing special .
the only saving grace was that the chopped salad was delicious .
the patio was a wonderful place to dine .
love the gym .
walked in around 2pm for a late lunch and drinks on a saturday .
great customer service is just as important as the food .
i would give this zero stars if i could .
an overall attitude adjustment would make a world of difference .
all dishes are huge , including the kids meals .
the wings are great and the pizza is even better .
everybody can be happy now !
fun laid back atmosphere and very friendly fast service .
so so so good !
it is recommended to call ahead to place your order .
this place is definitely not closed .
that was probably the worst service i had ever experienced .
_num_ times in a row we had late delivery and wrong order !
i 'm super disappointed by this place .
the other offerings are great too .
i liked it a lot here .
the wait to be seen is always long and there is no waiting room .
love the unique local atmosphere .
pretty good pizza .
i 've been here many times since my original review and they are consistent !
the flavor was delicious .
the greens and fairways were horrible .
so grateful for the love we received here .
the office staff is also excellent .
someone took the drink order of the birthday group , but not us .
thank you dr. christina .
great experience .
i would not return , i was not impressed .
the chicken panang curry is amazing .
the main reason to go to rula bula would be for the atmosphere .
i wo n't be going back .
the staff are great too .
i called the office and they said robert had me scheduled for friday .
great food , great prices .
great little specialty shop .
as a former member of this location , the facilities are always well kept .
i thought the best part was the ambiance outside by the waterfall .
horrible service , poor food quality .
she said she changed it to noon per my request .
delicious !
the x ray tech is fantastic .
the weather was great and the patio was the place to be .
the escargot is also fantastic as well .
i highly recommend him for anyone 's vet needs .
this is a very nice aveda concept salon .
oh , and $ _num_ for vodka on ice , with olives !
love the friendly staff , fun mix of customers and simple good food .
very reasonable prices and excellent service .
avoid !
the receptionist brenda is very rude .
all three were delicious .
you called me back once and i have n't heard back from you since .
after you fire the managers you might see some profit .
find a better place to spend your money .
amazing prices !
hell no !
definitely not a place for a quick meal , but generally worth the wait .
great exam , well organized office .
good food , friendly staff clean and kid approved !
service is excellent , too .
tokyo express has my favorite food on earth .
the staff were very friendly and attentive and our iced teas remained topped up .
this place is very over rated .
unacceptable !
this is our 2nd time here and the first time was great !
ok , my dog is _num_ .
i love seafood !
thankfully , i did not think the cheesesteak was that good at all !
the greek salad dressing is authentic and delish .
i liked it .
there was still seating available so that was good .
loved it and will definitely return !
the staff is all really friendly and helpful .
great customer service .
an extremely warm feel from the instant you walk through the doors .
the food is top notch .
awesome bbq for the area .
we tried blue adobe grille last night and it was fantastic .
they also play good music .
just like every eatery , it is hit or miss with the service .
i could not have been more wrong .
thank you for a great coffee .
i bring both my dogs there for grooming and the work is top notch .
this place is awesome !
salad dressing never provided .
she did n't take it off our bill or offer anything for us .
the evening started out slow .
staff is super friendly and reservations are strongly encouraged .
the food looks amazing !
the stetson salad is as good as advertised !
well , thank goodness i 'm only a _num_ % vegetarian , right ?
after she appeared once she never came back .
so sour !
and a surprise bit of dessert was delivered with the check .
food is great , and patio is very nice .
it 's late but just had to come get a treat .
i made arrangements with my job so i could be sure to attend .
zizzo 's is absolutely the best tailor i have ever done business with .
this place used to be my favorite place to go .
so i state my order again hoping this time they 'll get it right .
reasonable rates and i am confident in the care that the animals are given .
not the best mexican i 've had , but it was n't bad either .
the entire meal cost $ _num_ .
the fried rice had no vegetables or egg or anything else in it .
but overall , great restaurant and i 'd definitely go back !
freshness is mediocre .
i love everything about this place .
maybe next time we can do business .
within _num_ hours they would have our problem fixed .
it is down the road from our house .
and customer service was not very good .
i did n't have my wallet so i simply asked for water .
it 's really something to see .
i came in with a groupon and she was very accommodating .
the staff is amazing !
and trust me , you should stand outside , far far away .
i will happily meet them there for dinner !
best .
but instead , i repeated my order to her .
great grocery .
just mean for no reason .
so i take it in this am for a _num_ appointment .
no i mean this is every single time i come here .
my all time favorite greek place !
an old favorite .
for a meal this quality , save your money and go to red lobster .
dining there is always tasty .
i 've certainly had worse but i was n't thrilled with my gel mani/pedi .
love love this place !
the other _num_ should really just wear a normal suit .
overall very good place !
who knows but i rather spend money on gas than another meal here .
tomatoes features delicious sandwiches , salads , pastas and burgers .
lovely ambience , delicious wines & well rounded cocktails .
really a wonderful dining experience all together .
the office is also really cute and clean .
for the appetizers , try the pork burritos - those were terrific .
by far the best steak i 've ever had !
price was extremely reasonable and service very prompt .
everybody is pretty friendly , especially in the smoking section .
we will not be back .
great atmosphere to hang out with friends and enjoy the view !
great customer service and their coffee rocks !
tacos are always right on .
tiny scottsdale women who barely have a bump ?
i have only tried the breakfast burrito and the california both are delicious.
the staff are nice as well .
i will not be returning because they wanted to charge me for unnecessary repairs .
fast and friendly service .
clean , bright cheerful atmosphere with wide variety of menu choices .
a good place for breakfast .
i 'm pretty impressed by their value offering .
i had the fajitas and they were decent quality and very tasty .
it 's almost _num_ star perfect .
the food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable .
definitely recommend .
you have to order the apple strudel , it 's the best anywhere !
i do n't see how this place was so busy .
the salads are ok , nothing special .
honest work and they are highly recommended !
but with ryan 's loving touch he has enjoyed being groomed .
the location is also very convenient however !
i think our waiters name was chris , and he was very good .
it took _num_ minutes to get a couple glasses of water .
the buttermilk pancakes were almost culinary perfection and we truly enjoyed the green flannel .
bonus that you can bring your dog !
delicious and fresh !
very friendly , great old fashioned feel .
love this spot !
thank you so much for having them .
the tempura was the only thing that was close to good .
very impressed with the chef here !
the tamales are quite good and the enchiladas are tasty .
quality honest people .
price is very competitive .
best bar around .
the staff in general were friendly however .
i placed a call to the restaurant as we all know mistakes can happen .
it is always busy because it is so good .
absolutely horrible .
atmosphere is very nice and service was excellent .
they always do a good job on my car .
is it better than being late ?
great atmosphere excellent service .
the other techs seem great .
no communication from hertz at all throughout this entire process .
we were welcomed by the staff and the service was excellent .
the entire experience was perfect .
best place in scottsdale for prime rib period !
i like diners and this feels like an old time diner .
it certainly can not be found at the salt cellar .
communication & customer service are obviously not something this company values ... at all .
greedy !
i did n't get our servers name , but he was cordial and efficient .
good pizza !
ok i did not get sick + _num_ hours from lunch .
but the food and service was excellent .
i 'm pretty sure he actually likes people !
horrible !
if i could have given you _num_ stars or a negative review i would .
overlooked mahi and wet rice .
it has the worst sushi rolls and drinks are n't even that cheap .
their bakery and prepared food counters are outstanding .
super nice and did it on the spot !
but too tangy for my liking and not spicy enough even when ordered hot .
finally , we 've enjoyed their genuinely friendly and efficient staff and management .
great restaurant !
the best place in scottsdale hands down !
the staff is friendly and concerned about your comfort .
the salon is always clean and provides late appointments some days .
everyone that works here is great .
our wedding was beautiful , more than i ever expected .
after more than _num_ hours i received a call from the owner .
terrible service !
rose was our waitress , bartender , and cashier .
can not go wrong with santisi brothers .
this is a family favorite place .
we were ignored for about _num_ minutes after coming in and sitting down .
the ones here are good .
a burger is $ _num_ .
the wines are very mediocre , we actually liked the new mexican wines better .
thank you for keeping us happy .
not more than _num_ stars .
i will definitely be back to see him soon .
i really do n't like this store .
great wings !
fast , friendly service of ice cream .
i 've been there several times and always have great food .
the server was attentive which was nice .
extremely disappointing .
the food was n't very good , however .
we both agreed our burgers were the best we had ever eaten .
its dark , dated and overrated .
the scottsdale waterfront location is even worse .
the decor was seriously lacking .
no instructions on the email .
we ordered chowder and fried cod , with fries and coleslaw .
i just came from salon and felt bad and disappointed .
service amazing .
exceptional !
my favorite mexican food !
my dog especially likes licking the bagel bag and drinking the fine water .
best resort in america !
she had to come get you _num_ times !
great steak salad and amazing coconut shrimp .
eat in and take home everything .
the docents are knowledgeable and very friendly .
love the food !
the pool and shuffleboard tables are a bit of a squeeze .
great jewelry and art to choose from !
he was very kind , respectful , and clean .
would recommend to everyone .
fantastic experience !
ra is the worst place to go for sushi .
delicious .
the shop is always clean .
the sandwiches were cold , dry and unappetizing and the bread was stale .
their pizza is the best in my area , by far .
its ridiculous .
it 's very sad and i have no idea how she stays in business .
from start to finish the show lasted _num_ hours including a great dinner .
this was the worst food i ever had in my life .
it had a fishy taste , which was awkward and did n't smell pleasant .
not funny !
everything , and i mean everything , was incredibly salty .
i rate both these employees a _num_ !
the show was good though , sound is n't too bad .
we 've been numerous times and always , always have a fantastic meal .
people are friendly , gracious and most of all fair !
new asian kitchen is our new fave !
came here for dinner with a large group of friends .
best part of this place is the grocery .
boyfriend & i were in scottsdale for golf vacation so breakfast was a must .
i highly recommend this doctor and this overall office for anything eye related .
this place is good .
thank you !
however , this time it did n't cut the mustard .
owner very engaging and made sure were pleased .
i would definitely recommend the chambord margarita .
and they do n't really care .
after several uncomfortable minutes , we were ... .
disgusting .
i guess they have no requirements .
the food is excellent and the drinks are amazing !
mediocre food .
i was so pleased !
i asked where i could wait .
i can keep my money and spend it elsewhere though .
the patio is amazing and they have the best margarita 's in town .
i always walk out of the salon more confident with my beautiful hair .
patio is great for people watching especially when the weather is nice .
no call , no nothing .
my first bite was super crunchy .
mark taylor did n't even respond .
this place was very dirty .
great place to bring a date .
the salsa is the best !
poor drinks .
great sports bar in old town .
they truly care about us .
this place is great !
one of my favorites by far .
great bar , great food , unreal service.
great food .
i have to say this place is fucking amazing like wow .
now i remember why i do n't come here .
i ordered the pulled pork sandwich combo with chili .
food was great .
he makes you feel like your family .
i rarely write negative reviews but this location is terrible .
the sauce for the gyros is amazing and goes great on everything .
went here for easter lunch and shows .
make no mistake ... bread basket does not make their own products !
only to be told that their machine is down for cleaning .
i will no longer ever come here again !
justin is the nicest guy !
your store owner lost a customer .
i always come back because it is delicious and so worth the wait !
just avoid this place , use anyone else .
you wo n't regret going to her , she 's absolutely amazing !
unfortunately , i was disappointed with this fish store on several levels .
night swim is great for families !
they discounted our food , not our drinks .
the warranty company then refused to fix it .
does take a while but it just makes the food taste better !
we waited over half an hour to get menus and then only got _num_ .
definitely would recommend !
the food was poor quality and fair at best !
just cash or check only .
they have good portion sizes .
after all the outstanding reviews i tried the chicken shawarma sandwich and some hummus .
this is the best corn bread on the planet .
he finished two other hair cuts and then walked away .
our service was very kind with us !
really , you can not make a basic staple dish of thailand ?
i walked into my interview feeling confident and very clean .
quick to help and very friend .
papago has the best selection of beers i 've ever seen .
i could not stand it anymore .
charging for ice tea refills ?
both were fresh and delicious .
be adventurous !
mike was very helpful , professional and very knowledgeable .
$ _num_ `` harris ranch '' filet well .
when i stepped in to grab the order , the restaurant stunk .
he is consistently honest and fair .
and the facility is beautiful .
waited _num_ minutes for a passport pic and no one else was in line !
cockroaches in my room .
i had to wait for a complete do over .
it is everything you expect from a great high end chain .
wow !
they 're terrific !
this place is fucking awful .
i would rather live in a box on the street than live here .
i always feel great knowing i washed my own car when i leave .
she listens to what i want and makes suggestions which always turns out great .
good local family business .
i would love to come back and see another performance here .
best breakfast ever !
this is a decent place .
and everyone loved the bean burritos .
we will definitely return .
she has helped us through many difficult times , offering sound veterinarian advice .
my husbands burger was flat out disgusting .
methinks not .
delicious !
simply because of the rude employees .
ra was amazing .
just dump stuff in the eggs and you 're done .
also , excellent day spa !
very , very pricey but worth if you want a small but elegant affair .
who the hell does this guy think he is ?
its seriously pathetic .
the entrees we ordered were delicious.
live music was fantastic .
russ was a well qualified tech .
great seating !
he always does a solid , efficient job .
nice spot .
almost $ _num_ out of pocket .
pizza margherita had no basil and was very bland and mushy .
do n't expect a fancy interior , it is all about the food !
absolutely absurd !
the lamb kabob was delicious too , and it came out very fast !
so i really feel you 're getting a great deal from these guys .
the spinach artichoke dip is stuff full off artichoke and is very tasty .
considering that , this place rocks .
our meals have always been very good .
so i am calling the gm tomorrow to get some answers .
server was great and gave us plenty of personal space .
the pad thai is also very nice .
best i have had ... really .
do you know why there are zero stars checked ?
i always find something slightly unusual here .
my first time in arizona , this place is amazing !
the dip duo queso is like heaven in your mouth .
the sauce is divine !
nice thai place right by where i live .
the pool is huge and there is always a great crowd .
this is the worst car wash i 've ever been to .
i refuse to support a business that does n't have reasonable customer service policies .
aside from the talent the service is pretty bad .
tonight , i tasted their dark chocolate caramel bar with sea salt !
yes i 'm a fan and loyal customer .
thanks guys !
mistakes happen , but this was no mistake .
the care is the best .
terrific facility and staff .
i emailed over copies of the receipts for the carpet cleaning .
- no gps .
another _num_ minutes had gone by and we had not seen our waitress .
worst customer service !
she went on and on and on about how horrible her nails look .
the atmosphere is cool and upbeat .
mediocre is a compliment for what my family and i just ate .
food took quite awhile , and when it arrived was barely warm .
this place is the best .
there were literally five cars parked on the far side of the hotel .
they do great work at reasonable prices .
for my meal i went with my friend 's recommendation of the stacked enchiladas .
waste of money and time .
it is with much regret that i give a _num_ star review .
i have to force myself not to eat them , they are so good .
not sure why they are even in business .
i went because i was given a $ _num_ gift certificate .
chair comfort for zero .
i have gotten better service at a taco bell .
_num_ ) the owner and the servers are jerks .
i am sure they wo n't be for very long .
$ _num_ for breakfast was not worth it .
and do n't be fooled by the gate .
that 's _num_ hours after doors opening .
there was garbage floating in the bottom and true pond scum floating there .
they had not even called to see whether we were nearly there !
no apologies , just `` we do n't have that . ''
i went in to buy a used kia soul .
very average pizza .
maybe it was business attire and i represented `` the man '' , man .
_num_ ) ambience .
the most amazing view and amazing service !
great service .
_num_ stars for the stetson chopped salad alone .
everything has an asian twist , which is so delicious .
super friendly owners !
best calzone ever !
awful food and even worse service .
i would avoid it at all costs .
the service was excellent .
i was very disappointed with this place .
food came out within _num_ minutes today and was great as usual .
wow !
i completely believe i was overcharged and i will not be returning .
i really hate this place !
went to tee pee mexican food who could not have been more accommodating .
fruit with the eggs was fresh and cool .
this use to be my favorite place to eat .
attitude and turned it in to a good days work .
these are a great value .
i had a horrible experience in the children 's section at this location .
the best part was the dessert .
love this place !
yes he did take it apart to tell me there was a part missing .
the last thing that kills me about this place is how overpriced it is .
_num_ sweet sour chicken ... very good .
very friendly staff !
love the wild mushroom dish .
_num_ . )
the staff is poorly trained .
the frozen chinese at walmart is better than this stuff .
great experience every time !
i hate this place and i will never stay here again .
do n't think i will ever go back there again and save you money .
this one would have to be the worst .
it is a garage , and its a great one at that .
apparently they ca n't tell the different between legs and breast .
love this place !
great little place , looking forward to going back !
probably the worst dining experience of my life .
it 's too far to be treated that way .
this place is horrible .
the orange table is awesome !
really beautiful _num_ minute nature cruise .
nice patio space for those sunny days .
not sure on return .
my most favorite pasta next to my grandma 's .
no stars for this hotel .
best breakfast place hands down !
the food is great and the owners and staff are so friendly and accommodating !
salt river bus is not a reputable company .
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .
delicious !
the pesto was nothing more than chopped mint .
always fresh love the teriyaki chicken with veggies .
$ _num_ with tip for both .
the rolls were messy and the cooking oil was dripping out of them .
i also use full service if i need the interior cleaned too .
it took a good _num_ months for the dresses to arrive .
they went above and beyond customer service and just gained a customer for life .
they know what they are doing and do it at a reasonable price .
i love the food here .
small decent patio on good for good weather months .
cheese spinach sandwich .
we will most certainly go back .
the beans had a layer of grease so thick , it was disgusting .
it 's just the best !
it was definitely not worth the price at all .
it was a pinch of cheese in between two _num_ ' corn tortillas .
i ate some of his fries and they were very tasty .
dr. dan and his staff are exceptional .
the food is fabulous and the service is top notch .
the rest was rather bland .
they treated us and our pup with respect .
it is not the same .
the cali burgers spot is what me and my friends call this place .
their pricing is all reasonable and they 're very detail oriented .
love grimaldi 's !
outstanding customer service but a little pricey on some items .
fabulous service !
the place is laid back with some awesome beers .
it 's really obvious that msg is and everything .
outstanding food and service all the way around .
thumbs up for that .
try one of the specialty margaritas , they are fabulous !
i loved the music .
still having my husbands bday gathering here in a few weeks !
the food was excellent , the atmosphere and ambiance is incredible .
hot tip - eat in the bar area .
i love this salon !
highly recommended for anyone wanting a little something different .
soo rude !
service was attentive .
it was a great pizza and balanced well .
the dj was amazing he got me dancing all night long .
great atmosphere !
i 'll definitely be coming back .
homemade tortillas always fresh and delicious !
absolutely _num_ % old people food .
its worth the odd office building location .
finally , i went in and said just give me the chair .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .
there is a layer of dirt all over the walls and flooring .
but then again tempe is a strange place .
i highly recommend honest air .
if you love wine , you 'll love this place .
i stopped because i thought it would be fun to have fake nails again .
when we were sat , no one helped us .
big disappointment .
_num_ minutes later , the sushi arrives and is sub par .
the prices of events are also reasonable , so that is good .
malee 's is one of our favorites !
these folks know what they are doing .
must absolutely try the coffee soda !
husband is also a fan .
with a drink and tip , i spent over $ _num_ .
a _num_ % discount is always good .
this place is yummy !
the service is always great .
the food and wine are amazing .
so sad .
excellent selection on tap and in bottles , and a knowledgeable staff .
they fix what is wrong and they are great to deal with .
poor quality food .
this is a great salon to change your hair style !
the coffee bar was great for while you were waiting for a table .
my friend had ordered two more beers , and the bartender dropped them off .
i 've had it since i was a little kid and it 's amazing .
honest people !
the receptionist was not friendly or helpful .
teachers are amazing .
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .
pizza is always good .
i will not be going back to this location .
the sound at each show was just as terrible .
first off , the apartments itself .
i 've had it better at a chinese restaurant in co .
excellent food .
they serve pretentious hype .
she kept the financial part reasonable and also helped with the prescription costs .
i know it sounds simple but their chicken fingers are the best .
this place has some of the best pizza in arizona .
awesome dentist and awesome staff ... what else need to be said ?
very friendly !
she is a very very nice lady too !
we waited _num_ minutes after we finished our dinner to get our check .
we will definitely be back .
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .
always excellent !
i love the seasoned salt fries .
i should have stuck to my gut feeling and ordered pizza .
i went here last friday night and it is a very solid bar !
great for the hungry and the healthy .
there is a wide selection and variety of booths and items .
you will love the red sauce here .
it has been years since i have felt this beautiful !
too much nice entertainment around for your dollars than this place .
and most importantly i felt very safe as a single female traveling alone .
three of us had seats at the bar and two were standing behind .
that was the first and only thing i could taste .
it 's good of them to allow this and it 's a quality facility .
complained about bugs and lack of service in july .
this place is always fun , the bartenders are always great .
thanks , guys -- for all you do !
the station 's understanding of new jazz is far off .
it 's usually pretty quiet , which i appreciate .
plus , the people are really friendly !
good food .
great pizza and salads !
two of the nine diners went hungry despite a $ _num_ bill .
the chips had an `` old oil '' taste .
fast , friendly , affordable service , i will return .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .
i really do n't get it .
after _num_ minutes , all we had was water .
thank you for making this repair a simple and painless process !
terrible service ; management could care less about customer satisfaction .
i do n't care how good it is , syrup ai n't $ _num_ .
i loved the tamale sampler and the coconut flan .
these guys were able to fit me in quickly and did a good job .
everything else was great .
wine selection is phenomenal .
great wings , good pizza , great service .
just left them on he checkout and proceeded to ring another customer up .
overall , great steakhouse that you should eat at .
excellent taste .
this is the best place to eat breakfast in the valley hands down .
patient and helpful .
it 's casual , small , and the food is really tasty .
the owners are fair and honest , helpful and efficient .
there seems to be constant turnover in staff .
i have n't been to depot cantina in several years .
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !
i appreciate men with integrity .
i 'm soooooo full !
everyone who works there besides this nail tech is amazing at everything they do !
i would like to have the drinks shortly after the chips and salsa .
my advice if you go : try the mozzarella salad .
the staff is amazing , everyone is really nice and they love animals .
the food was excellent .
yup , good place .
where do i begin on this crap fest ?
annoying .
way better than the filibertos type places .
still not sure why the first guy even took my order .
the food is consistent and the patio is perfect for date night .
beautiful decoration and great service .
worst gyro ever it was greasy , very little meat and sauce .
as far as the food goes , i think the gyros are pretty decent .
always a winner !
there 's always a pipe bursting somewhere so the waters constantly off .
very good .
i 've been going here for _num_ years and i love it !
the food and service were the best i ever had .
they 've got a great pizza .
they were soooooo nice and helpful at this store !
oh , and the food is actually good !
clearly a must-try .
the cannolis are pretty much perfect .
the rice was way too sticky .
not sure we will come back .
wow .
horrible customer service .
always a nice experience .
service is excellent .
the margaritas were watered down .
excellent .
it appears the old management has left and started a different restaurant elsewhere .
i thought that was ridiculous , since its free in my town .
i am happy to say i live pretty close to this place !
we like to catch the happy hour someday .
great conversation .
eventually ordered a large half garden , half margarita .
it is honestly heaven .
and this walgreens is so freaking clean and neat .
the baby back ribs , prime rib , and broasted chicken were are delightful .
personally , i 'd rather skip a meal than go here .
this is completely unacceptable for any restaurant .
jill was very patient with me and my receipts .
amazing cheesesteaks !
overall , would not recommend anyone coming here .
i really enjoyed both but especially the roasted red pepper !
favorite appetizer ( and the only one in my opinion ) : mini tacos .
you can even stop by the post office inside !
take my word for it ... the stetson chopped salad is a treat .
great experience , had someone out for an estimate .
great job .
my overall experience was pretty good .
what the hell happened ?
we were charged $ _num_ !
even the sides were great .
my husband ordered the spicy garlic chicken with rice .
i highly recommend their sandwiches .
tortilla was falling apart and super crispy .
came in tonight with a party of ten .
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .
we will definitely be back !
easily the best tacos i have had here in az , perhaps ca also .
close to home makes it a win win win .
food sounds great but tastes quite bland .
friendly staff .
first time i ate there will be my last .
no frills dive bar with awesome staff and surprisingly great bar food .
the wait staff is efficient and friendly .
thumbs down .
i 'm getting really tired of going to restaurants and being treated like dirt .
the girl waiting on customers is rude .
really horrible apartment complex .
the service along with the hookah service is bad .
i will not be returning .
paste that has been sitting in a bucket for _num_ days .
i 've been here so many times i ca n't even help .
i ate some sticky rice just to get by .
highly recommended .
this is one of the best restaurants in old town scottsdale .
that is some serious customer service .
my kids loved the pancakes !
shredded iceberg lettuce was the only vegetable .
love this place ... very intimate atmosphere .
boy , we had fun here .
the service was excellent .
thank you bob .
ordered steak fajitas and there was hardly any meat in them .
simply the best !
they are professional , friendly and their prices are super great !
the best part is during happy hour you can get it for half price !
the only issue i had was with the dryer .
i appreciated the follow up making sure that everything was perfect .
thank you zizzo crew !
worked with scott via email , phone , and in person .
so , i pay with my credit card .
maybe , but this ran me nearly _num_ $ .
then he walked off .
nice job on the service provided .
good messages and comfortable to be there .
but this a disgrace to mexico in every way possible .
i really liked this course .
so far my experience has been bad .
fail .
the server was taking another ladies order when i sat down .
it was unacceptable .
i love pumpkin coffee which they offer in menu for holiday season .
i love pink bubble gum with cream .
excellent food , service and ambience .
this is a bitter review .
a bed bug , is a bed bug , regardless !
absolutely delicious food .
i will definitely be back .
we also had bruschetta and salad , both of which were also delicious .
the radio station is the best !
i 'm not a fan of this walgreens for a few simple reasons .
this time , i was really unsatisfied .
good subs at an expected price .
such good food ... portions are as large as what fits .
scarlett is the best stylist in the valley hands down .
he was incredibly helpful to say the least .
please do not rent from these people .
the slices were very thick , and my jaw still hurts from chewing .
the wings were cold and super fatty !
unexpectedly well stocked korean market .
she has been phenomenal , just like the rest of the staff .
the ribs were tender just not as flavorful as one would have thought .
perfect .
worst place i have ever lived !
she is as wonderful as always and does a perfect job every time .
no one at the hostess stand smiled or greeted us when we walked in .
i 've never dined inside the restaurant , but the patio is gorgeous .
what is up with that out here ?
makes it easier to feel safe .
dog friendly and fair priced .
other than that , it was excellent !
she did that twice and no i did n't really appreciate it .
not the quality i expected .
the food is absolutely delicious !
how much is good pizza worth ?
love tottie 's !
the owner is attentive and kind .
it was a cold night so we opted to sit inside .
terrible for adults .
take a little long for delivery but it 's well worth the wait .
too bad their prices do n't reflect that intimate small club feel .
this is a great breakfast or lunch standby in downtown chandler .
the pork was dry , the sauce was watery , the potatoes undercooked .
would not recommend .
the staff here is super friendly .
i recommend this place .
best way to get it is to get it to go .
it was perfect .
not so much these days .
and to think i went twice in hopes it was just a bad day !
gyros are fantastic as well , they put just the right amount of sauce .
the facilities were great - very beautiful .
we not only get the delivery but we go there as well .
she is no longer afraid to go to school in the morning .
this place is small , locally owned and awesome !
calling my review a rant is not good customer service .
best prices in the valley & good , honest people .
the hostess , the first and last impression was horrible .
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .
have really enjoyed this location both when busy and quiet .
high pressure sales and poor cleaning .
well their selection is n't too bad ... .
good place , i like the ambience .
great service !
have an oj it is fresh squeezed and delish !
yay chandler !
probably my favorite restaurant around the area .
he has _num_ % of my confidence .
i noticed others getting nice cuts also .
both were excellent .
the food was great too .
without fail , every time i come here they take forever !
the best veggie quesadilla i 've had in a long time !
went there with some friends and probably wo n't go back .
i am so pleased with my surgery as well !
love this nursery !
excellent , fast , knowledgeable customer service !
breakfast was ok , but nothing special .
please check them and ask for the manager thomas .
tammy and lynn were so so awesome .
the second time we tried to go , it was closed .
the service here is top notch .
other than the half a hour wait , the wings were really good .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .
no exaggeration .
this store does not have a large selection of items .
could n't have asked for a better experience so thank you brilliant bridal !
will come back again soon !
we love love loved the food .
very good .
i have sat in the drive through for _num_ minutes , multiple times .
empty .
overall pretty good , but nothing spectacular food wise .
terrible experience .
the second sandwich was a grilled chicken dish wrapped in a pita .
also mike 's dad is a gem in his own right !
shame .
it was not filling , not good and extremely overpriced .
probably the worst pizza i have ever had .
this place delivered !
great italian meal .
worth stopping by if your in the area .
`` what about all this fake sugar on the table for our coffee ?
many folks have mentioned the jazz , and it certainly lives up to expectations .
we also loved the trout and their hamburgers .
most importantly , i had a really good time .
i would not recommend eating here unless they change management .
overall , not a good spot for foodies .
what she was served was overcooked chicken in an overly sweet sauce .
treat yourself to a visit and you will become a return customer .
the management does n't care about your living situations and are so disrespectful .
the food at the grotto is exceptional ... hence almost _num_ years of business .
totally recommended .
the tuna salad was mediocre .
i would definitely give this one a try !
once seated , the server was attentive and had a great smile .
overall i really like it and will come back for more .
i was very disappointed after visiting this store .
they have the best kimchi in the valley !
forever for the check , which was not worth the price .
however that was where our enjoyment ended .
the complimentary chips and salsa were also very fresh .
i 've been here since the beginning of _num_ and really enjoy it .
so yes the old owner was horrible .
well ... always get the orange whip .
i barely lived in this apartment .
con : the food sucked .
so the bill was $ _num_ for two small pastas and one meatball .
the carmel and chocolate sundaes were ok but nothing spectacular .
best time to come and put your brain to work .
this is just a just a hole .
check it out !
i recommend the apple fritter or a strawberry cake donut .
other than that no discount , no consideration .
she was n't very friendly ... did n't add to the experience .
total disaster .
the food is amazing and all of the staff are really nice !
brandon was very polite and professional .
a little pricy for just one and that had no beans or rice with .
the mediterranean salad is very good as well .
so good .
i am in for an oil change and some other service related items .
great delivery !
defalco ' s the best in scottsdale .
$ _num_ ?
awesome .
restaurants ca n't refuse to take to go order .
no one came in to communicate anything to me .
warning : horrible service do not come here !
the pecan one was dry and the other one was average .
so far , so good and would definitely use them again .
relaxed and good food that is not expensive .
so , if you are not big eater you can definitely share .
i 've always had really great service .
we 've enjoyed anything we 've ever eaten here .
they also have an awesome band .
the short gentleman approved and was so rude and condescending to us .
i got a chimichanga and it was the best i have ever had !
i ordered _num_ loaded potato grilled but received _num_ .
get it , eat it , love it .
simply perfect !
how can a bowling alley be so awful ?
so glad i switched !
very friendly bartender and fellow patron .
absolutely delightful !
not surprising .
the food was very bland .
one hour later , no beer bites and we had to leave .
the band was not so great i think they were rock lobster .
best dentist i have been to so far !
went on sunday , the place was relatively quiet with maybe _num_ tables filled .
great place for chinese food .
i sent my family tonight for dinner .
he 's always on top of things and he makes the application process smooth .
i really like this place !
friendly staff and reasonable pricing .
thank you amber !
oddly enough , they do n't match their own online prices .
the best `` mashed potatoes '' you have ever tasted .
best horchata i have had .
it is a nice small restaurant located in a shopping plaza .
do n't go here for any reason .
if that describes you , this place is a pretty good choice .
horrible dentist .
how does this place maintain such a stellar reputation ?
it was extra calories wasted .
the service was excellent friendly and i ordered the prime rib .
the omelets look delicious !
best store ever !
i love their restaurant too !
if i could , i would give this place zero stars !
i waited _num_ minutes for pizza !
omg .
what a great place for kids .
the beef broccoli was not our favorite as it was sweet .
we should 've walked out , but we did n't .
sort of looks like he just got out of prison .
absolutely the best customer service !
it was beautiful .
this place definitely made our sunday night even greater !
the service was slow with refills and the restaurant was not busy .
trust me you have to try it and see for yourself .
do not waste your time and money !
one of my favorite pizza delivery places in the gilbert area .
we arrived on a sunday for lunch .
the mini chimichanga was delicious .
it was pretty noisy inside with the music and other noise .
unfortunately grandma did n't have that either .
high quality food for very little money .
jesse - best butcher !
excellent service and food .
about _num_ minutes later we were seated .
delicious .
food was really expensive .
which makes me angry .
have a blessed day everyone .
i hate giving bad reviews and i really want to like this place .
never get my online order in less than an hour .
i personally like the border bowl but everything is good .
no thanks .
always fantastic service and great people !
great place for food and drinks .
kazimierz was recommended to me by our valet on the way to dinner .
i had high hopes for this place but man was i let down !
worst chinese food i 've ever had .
went in for lunch around 1pm .
i asked if there was a waiting list , and the hostess said yes .
elmer 's is a great , yummy part of chandler !
too flat .
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .
i went in to buy a birthday gift and they lost a sale .
the office is small and comfortable .
great vacation spot and we will be back !
so the baby and i ended up waiting an hour for the car .
consistently good food and we have always had outstanding service .
this place is great for breakfast .
wo n't be back .
the asparagus was served plain with a little sesame seed on top .
server was great !
about three weeks later my place was broken into .
they spent a good amount of time helping me out and did great work .
disgusting food , disgusting desserts .
we wo n't be going back .
i love this store .
never had either of these problems at any other jiffy lube .
nice people , nice food .
i had the bbq ribs and my daughter had the prime rib .
a great little no frills bar in the heart of old town .
great flavor and really fresh food that 's homemade .
i continue to be a huge fan !
this has got to be the worst apartment complex i 've ever lived in .
we walked in with no appt .
they have the best prices in the valley .
i love salon tru !
the food is always fantastic and they do a mean gin and tonic .
i live right down the street .
everything was terrible .
pretty simple and pretty delicious .
great fast , friendly , honest , very respectable , and affordable service .
the queso ( $ _num_ .
they have great pizza and garlic bread .
my favorite greek restaurant !
been a fan for years and i 'm sure more years to come !
wow , my food and was great !
great decor !
love how the chef can bring the spice .
crust is perfectly fluffy and chewy .
discount tire will always be one of my favorite places to bring my business .
i recommend this place and i will be back !
they will take that $ _num_ back if you have any returns .
its not the container that the cheese was purchased in .
i am completely disappointed in kohl 's .
i love smart auto .
keep in mind that this is pub fare .
salmon not tasty , salad over loaded with dressing .
happy hour is good to - especially during spring training .
the food was excellent as was the service .
highly recommend and am very appreciative of how good their customer service is !
i went there at around _num_ o'clock and it was n't very busy .
both were delicious and the sandwich was just as good the next day .
the portions are good and the food is consistently delicious .
i was not impressed at all .
they have some of the best mexican food around .
they 're so friendly and food is great .
truly a professional dental office .
kim ( male ) was very nice .
would highly recommend it !
oh , the mac and cheese is also delicious !
she is super sweet and easy to talk to .
i 'm a girl , i love the fruity beers .
great way to breakfast !
ended up driving through taco bell on the way home , very irritated .
you are obviously treated poorly when you buy a coupon that they offer .
the layout was pretty impressive as well .
the friendly & attentive service just makes everything better .
great service .
no , you ca n't make everyone happy .
our waitress walked away from the table mid conversation , i was appalled .
probably the best i 've had .
the fruit and avocado 's are consistently some of the best !
i 'll start by saying i used to love einstein 's .
our waitress was pleasant but she was the only good thing about the place .
so they said come in and get some more different samples .
i dont think you can find a more honest mechanic around !
i was really impressed with this restaurant .
maybe we will see them open again somewhere .
i also recommend the skillet cornbread , it 's very good !
the wings were still hot but unfortunately not as tasteful as they looked .
overall i was disappointed in the service and overall experience .
they had friendly staff and nice , live music .
designed to fall out ?
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .
come to mama , pretty precious little drops of heaven .
the food was downright bad .
never let down , always the best from start to finish .
sorry , but if i see the truck again , i 'll pass by .
i love being a aaa member !
the wait staff was very friendly and very good .
love that aaa partners with such great companies : ) thank you !
she was very kind , friendly and professional .
at first , he was very helpful .
yeah , your customers are cheap and their time is cheap too .
disappointing to say the least .
big fan !
peaceful and beautiful .
been to _num_ concerts this year .
she explained that the waiter was new and his section was the biggest .
ah , salt river .
it is family owned with a tradition of excellence .
but this one is n't worth going to .
my girlfriend and i both ordered off the `` low fare dinner menu . ''
went for lunch today , big mistake .
this florist does amazing work , always perfect , always to my highest expectation .
happy hour was great food , great margaritas , great service .
love this place !
great place , always stop in when i am in town .
terrible .
staff is super friendly .
i let him know my salmon was way undercooked and the rice was hard !
so i called about 3pm to find out what time he goes on .
i tried to eat it but it was disgusting .
atmosphere was quiet and there is nothing modern about it .
but seriously i left bleeding the last time .
priceless !
enjoy !
the host was an old italian man who was very very rude .
the only friendly person that greeted me was the receptionist .
great for date night or a quick lunch .
service call was $ _num_ .
i replied , '' um ... no i 'm cool .
amazing !
upon check out i inquired about the _num_ resort fee on my bill .
the banana cream pie is a reason to return in itself , so delicious !
i get it every day !
this gas station does not know what customer service is .
great food everytime !
such an arrogant manager !
they made me feel more relaxed about the situation .
i wo n't return to them .
bottom line it was _num_ hours of my life i just wasted .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !
have stayed at a number of the top locations in scottsdale .
always friendly , polite and responsible .
this is _num_ % true .
cooked to perfection , it 's juicy and sweet .
the food is okay , but the ice cream sundaes were delicious !
great service .
i also like the price !
my wife and i ate here last night .
excellent service .
very forgettable and bland .
great location near aj 's .
no , no , and no .
always fresh too !
delicious all need dogs and a clean eating area .
one would assume that my season passes would cover the promotion .
mozzarella was obviously a costco purchase ( not bad though ) .
recommended : domino 's new improved pizza is much better than their previous pizza .
lots of reviews for bandera , so i 'll keep it simple .
very friendly and super helpful .
this was such a waist if money and time i will never again return .
everything was over the top excellent .
the food was delicious !
you can tell that they are committed to good customer service .
my tooth still looks good as new !
you can not pay me to ever shop here !
friendly and welcoming atmosphere .
cute little sandwich shop .
why did you let this disease advance to my feet in the first place ?
a great selection of beers from around world grace their menu .
you get a discount and the staff is extremely friendly to all !
thank you for always delivering good service and honest estimates !
this is absolutely the worst starbucks ever .
always very helpful .
calzones are great too .
this is place is awesome !
nice architecture and it even has an isolated place ( good for kids ) .
i also have enjoyed their desserts very much .
anyways good bowling lanes and its plenty full of lanes .
i will never visit this place again .
very poor customer service .
worst car wash ever ... can i just give no stars ?
either it 's poor service or it happens all the time .
the service guys and manager have no sense of manners .
super nice !
best and most fabulous service !
we sat here for _num_ minutes before a waitress came over .
they have some great specials and the pizzas are great .
not only do they do a great job but their customer service is impeccable .
highly recommend !
john the manager was super nice !
it is my hubby 's favorite for good reason .
plus my corn tortillas were far from fresh !
nothing special .
horrible service and lies about how they do things .
great deal .
its easy to see that all of the employees take pride in the business .
great staff with a friendly smile .
it 's a fun atmosphere , the bartender is really friendly and fun .
if you go - maybe stick with the eggs max with chorizo .
it is the best mexican food i have had soo far .
it as wonderful .
will definitely be going back to tire pros !
for what it is it- this is great pizza and wings .
now the positives .
so i 've had to cancel my appointment yet again .
i 'm in heaven in this place and go back often .
best egg sandwich ever !
our entire experience was very pleasant .
would highly recommend to anyone .
rude and inept !
kudos hi health !
food and services were terrible -- will not return .
it is beyond frustrating and not worth the hassle .
seriously some of the best fusion food i 've tasted .
it has amazing atmosphere , good food and relatively cheap .
probably the worst breakfast that i have ever had - both food and atmosphere .
because of that , i hired them to install my new dishwasher , .
i tried the pecan chicken salad and it was very good .
this club needs to find a new staff to handle the tickets .
dark hair , glasses , sour face .
i recommend this place .
bar is excellent and offers many specials and appetizers .
loved it !
the chicken fajita burrito fundido was delicious !
if you are looking for a skin magician ... you found her !
definitely a fun little place to take people visiting in town !
man was i wrong !
this place is amazing !
good service .
moral of the story - when going with a group , make reservations .
my husband also ordered a bowl of minestrone .
they use real italian sausage and other quality ingredients .
prompt and friendly service .
service was good and i will return and/or recommend .
horrible customer service .
best thai food in az !
the food was not great , matter of fact it was a bit disappointing .
the staff was not the friendliest and the atmosphere was drab .
and they were good !
marriott 's have their pristine reputation for a reason .
what was the total cost for _num_ minutes of this entertainment ?
excellent and fast service !
hey it 's a starbucks !
the people and service is always great , and the scenery is absolutely beautiful !
honest and no bs !
the food was fantastic !
clean bathrooms !
i had a cold wet soggy burrito by the time i got my salsa .
the food is delicious and plentiful .
a good breakfast joint with a great view .
everything you can possibly order here is probably amazing .
the donuts were great .
i love having a little store in my neighborhood !
excellent food , and great service and even better prices .
waste of money .
and , the espresso was the best we had since leaving sedona .
its not cheap but you get good value here .
nothing special .
the green chili macaroni and cheese was overcooked and mushy .
the staff was very nice and were always there if you needed them .
i love this place !
& i did n't get any service for _num_ minutes so i walked out .
this was never mentioned to me by the manager .
horrible .
all were delicious !
yeah , you read that right ... $ _num_ .
great service and ambiance , too .
i counted over _num_ people in line waiting for pizza ... pizza !
it 's fairly bland , heavy on the cheese and sauce .
eat at your own risk - i 'm not going back .
regardless , i will be back because they have great quality products .
fresh , fantastic deli and market .
great place for a sandwich .
eat here now , the prices constantly go up !
this is a korean restaurant and they should stick to what they do best .
hands down best bar in scottsdale !
this place is too `` trendy '' .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .
definitely recommend this spot .
i 'm most likely gon na have my pizza delivered from elsewhere .
spent hundreds here a month once upon a time .
the two servers i recently had here were fabulous and quite funny as well .
fresh and ca n't get enough .
had a wonderful lunch here with great cocktails .
never going back .
also , their chicken is amazing .
but this was a bad experience !
we will definitely be back for a bell soon .
everyone here is here for the same reason and that 's to have fun !
we all ordered different food and it was all disgusting .
my favorite pizza is the buffalo chicken pizza , its amazing !
friday rolls around and i have received no phone call .
very disappointing experience .
going inside is much better .
good value , nice owner .
highly recommend .
eventually she did and she was very rude .
the meat in the meat sauce tasted burnt or extremely over cooked .
as for the dinner it was really just okay .
food is outstanding and employees seem to care about what they do .
definitely recommend charleston 's to friends and family .
extremely good and they deliver locally !
as for the staff , they are awful and uncaring at best .
nothing special .
i was told _num_ min to and hour .
a lovely dinner outside on the patio .
they had no record of having towed my car .
what an amazing store !
store manager and finance manager rude and unprofessional .
the bread was cold and tasteless .
but they did a gorgeous job !
as a bonus , the salon is delightful .
there was nothing convenient about it .
always busy & great customer service .
i had a great experience from start to finish .
our waitress does a good job to our _num_ businesses there .
that was last year ... still no phone call or other contact .
none the employees seem to know anything .
wow !
one of the best places to eat in the country !
from what i witnessed , she would n't let her employees take orders .
i highly recommend it !
very slow & bad service .
would never go back and never recommend .
best bar hamburger ever !
would be an amazing date dinner !
even after the _num_ day hire .
we still love it after all these years !
i left just feeling ripped off , i will probably never return here again .
oh and the food is good too .
staff is friendly and helpfull .
they encourage you to leave it in front outside where everyone comes and goes .
she is a sweetheart and she did a fantastic job !
unfortunately i had a very bad experience .
i told him to go ahead and do the work .
delicious .
the waitress ' s are wonderful and very friendly .
no gown information .
best sports bar hands down !
two thumbs up !
i really like the focaccia bread and the roll the best .
best parts house by far !
but the last few months since that managers transfer it 's just been horrible !
prices are very reasonable .
i just found this local gem .
we also got the chicken lettuce wraps that were on the happy hour menu .
gets packed during happy hour , and on weekends after 9pm .
great service , great food , great venue .
the cheese plate was a good way to start .
all in all , i am not coming back to this place .
a couple of drinks to start , really expensive .
this place does it right .
they are priced well and give great service .
service and food are top notch !
the hostess was rude .
, which was really disappointing .
i enjoyed the meatloaf and mixed veggies .
the meal always starts wth fresh pitas and herbs and onions .
so far , best dinner we 've had in scottsdale .
i was n't very impressed with this class .
they had a discounted entrance fee of $ _num_ and only one exhibit open !
i eat here just about every weekend before work .
tacky !
certainly not the trash .
consistent and excellent .
we also confirmed installation date , which was a little over two weeks way .
scottsdale ( indian school ) kfc is horrible .
i regret spending money to eat here .
a family favorite !
thanks but no thanks .
it was terrific .
they truly care about animals .
i would not recommend this company .
they may not even have a chance to redeem themselves with me .
they run a tight and consistent ship .
why do n't i move ?
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !
i 'm very very very happy that i found him .
service - excellent .
my review is based on just a couple of chicago style stuffed pizzas .
the gated community is quiet and secure .
after dealing with miss rude , someone showed up about an hour later .
i really enjoy the atmosphere here .
the egg drop soup was old and tasted like feet .
too much wrong to list ... just skip this one .
great customer service , great at listening to try and understand what i want .
delicious chopped salad .
the manager came over and apologized , but it was really too late .
they also have a cute patio that 's perfect when the weather is nice .
love this place .
az tex hats is amazing !
love the pizza and wings !
what an amazing experience !
one of our great meals .
i had almost forgotten how much i do n't really care for jamba juice .
my problem is i never agreed to automatically billed payments .
first off their website said they opened at 8am on sat .
robert on the late night shift was very friendly .
me : `` hello , i 'd like to schedule an appointment with dr .
great service and the always have tasty food .
super great prices .
they are all very nice people .
that happened _num_ times in about two hours .
i liked my visit here .
i really and truly love her work !
alas , the best i could get was _num_ shots of espresso over ice .
good wine list and scotch list .
i can not imagine this place when it is busy .
good food .
the quality of service and food is not what it used to be .
skip it .
great local business to support .
absolutely horrible customer service !
no exaggeration i have waited _num_ minutes with _num_ cars .
i love this pep boys .
i wo n't be going back .
great choice -- -- i 'll be back !
the service was great but the food was no good .
she was knowledgeable about the menu and very helpful in the ordering process .
worst audio ever .
dr. diana is awesome .
the staff was smiling , happy and the vibe was great .
love that there 's no dress code !
we sat down and our table was n't even clean .
their employees have always been extremely friendly .
she answered all our questions .
the staff was somewhat obnoxious .
i recommend the meet the meat .
no stage area due to size .
i would n't go here unless you really ca n't miss the band .
i was not happy with the service department .
the person taking the order was rude and unprofessional .
we will definitely be coming back !
great place to have a glass of wine and meet new people .
will definitely return when in scottsdale .
small and quaint , the servers are friendly .
the ribs , on the other hand , were fantastic !
adovada , delish !
much worse than a car salesman .
cox is pitiful .
worth at least a revisit .
do n't recommend to live with this company 's property at any level .
i also like their lobster tail .
it 's better anyway !
food is amazing !
seriously , i want it hot .
got it towed to another garage , which a friend recommended .
the course was in beautiful condition with a nice practice facility .
outstanding dr 's and caring , professional , intelligent nursing staff .
the vegetable beef soup was hearty and flavorful .
check it out if you 're in town !
the portions are great , the food is always good with excellent variety .
come on , _num_ $ for a hoagie `` meal '' with processed meat .
what a wonderful breakfast place !
it is simply the best medium priced delivery pizza in the whole valley .
they seem to have had the same experience i had .
they also have a nice looking walk-in humidor with a huge selection of cigars .
was extremely happy .
i went for spa week and loved this place !
it was great !
best employees out if any fast food restaurant , always leave happy .
really upsetting !
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .
horrible !
if you want a refrigerator , that 'll be $ _num_ extra .
the bread is incredible and the staff is as friendly as it gets .
i managed to eat it all and had a strawberry margarita as well .
the staff is very friendly .
it was very good to !
nice , open , friendly , and carries local craft beer .
food is great !
the exterior is worn .
we find a table quickly and our bar waitress was not helpful at all .
the security is awful at this venue .
the place has a cute bar , great margaritas , and awesome salsa .
service is excellent .
curt and impersonal .
i would highly recommend this place for good indian food .
by now we have n't even gone in for 2-3 weeks now .
great for thier buttermilk pancakes ... mmm delicious .
literally horrible .
_num_ months of problems , in and out of the office .
r u kidding me ?
did n't make any sense .
it was a great find !
turned out fine , excellent service from the waitress .
i could n't even tell if the meat had been marinated in sauce .
i wish i could give this place no stars .
it is literally the most beautiful piece of jewelry i have ever seen .
its a great balance between the fluffy interior and subtle crunchy exterior .
great place for sushi .
i love the enchiladas and the spicy chicken is also very good .
the food was bland and did not seem fresh .
always had a good time , and the service was great .
best chinese hands down !
horrible experience !
it is not worth it .
best service and best price i 've had with dry cleaners .
we will definitely be back ( yet again ! )
both leo and amanda were great .
we loved the patio , the friendly service , and great food !
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .
the hostess said our waitress would be with us shortly .
excellent appetizers and they make their pita fresh in the dining room .
this is the place to take it for just that !
this is a great place for a big group or family .
place was clean , well kept , nice waitress .
standard denny 's fare .
always blown away by the excellent service .
excellent italian wine list .
large delicious glass of wine and a great atmosphere with live music .
just disappointing .
give a good company your business .
if you leave your car there it gets towed .
my friends and family said that they loved both the dr and pa .
thank you !
they have a club section , outside bar , tables and upstairs open patio .
at that time i requested a little more gravy for my hashbrowns .
quick service and priced great .
they were n't strips at all but more like nuggets and way over cooked .
the fries are wonderful as was said by another reviewer .
it 's a little pricey , but totally worth it for at home use .
free bike rentals , etc .
they are honest , very knowledgeable and they do great work !
so thanks dave for saving me hundreds of dollars .
this refreshing twist will make you forget all about the traditional mimosa !
very disappointed .
the owner is greedy and lacks any sense of compassion .
i liked the tamale platter , which gives you a taste of each kind .
great spot !
two words for you : chopped liver .
terrible !
the food is amazing !
tasted the cakes and wished i 'd ordered the eggs .
i car died right in front of their shop -- -- literally !
it 's not the way we want to spend a nice evening .
service here is exceptional and the food is to die for .
great views , great drinks .
mark taylor does n't care if your happy here .
none of it was necessary .
funny guys waited on me .
i ( like most everyone else ) recommend the big ass burger .
the `` hoagie '' had disgusting processed ham on them .
everything else was great .
definitely a thumbs up from me !
the mole may have been worse .
highly recommend if you 're in the area .
we liked the food here .
i recommend them .
my stuffed tomato was n't a stuffed tomato .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .
overpriced and not even very good .
nice airy , open , clean interior .
i 'm sorry , but that 's unacceptable .
simply the best !
this restaurant is a must when you 're visiting the area .
course was great and challenging .
i 've been to almost every chinese restaurant in the valley and wow !
definitely my new go-to restaurant in the east valley !
ok , well its not that good .
my mom 's soft tacos were strangely served upside down .
store has a great environment .
she had a great attitude , and i enjoyed our conversation immensely .
the new tv 's are a great addition .
the food was amazing and the service was wonderful .
the paint was n't even and did n't coat the whole nail .
star _num_ : would you eat here every day if you could ?
, as well as great iced tea and other drinks .
pretty solid dive bar .
great store with a lot of cool clothes !
the house chianti was very good .
the portions are great and the food is outstanding .
the staff is friendly good with small talk .
i would definitely recommend them to all of my family and friends !
when he came back , hers was not frozen .
they are kind , caring , and compassionate !
i have found so many great things here .
this is a top _num_ mexican food spot for me without a doubt !
pretty much anything on the menu is fantastic and worth the poor service .
in addition to this , the price was marked wrong on the shelf .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .
i loved the pork tenderloin !
because i was craving pecans , i got the baklava and pecan baklava .
the food was really wonderful as well .
absolutely the best ceviche !
the chimi was dry .
a server walked by us .
i love this town !
we all ordered the chicken pad thai which was boring and bland .
everything was fantastic , service was great , and the atmosphere is fun .
please do n't waste your money !
they are super friendly and have the most beautiful jewelry i 've ever seen .
but i will never buy it again .
my advice is to be patient , because the food is worth it .
probably the worst experience i 've ever had .
his teacher keeps us well informed and seems to really care about her students .
i came here after driving by and seeing the cute decor outside .
great service always when i stop for gas as well .
they were very informative and i could tell they treated him very well .
right across from chandler high you ca n't miss it .
it 's super noisy and inconvenient .
she offered no apology and no compensation for my trouble .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
worth a try if you need a new salon .
got my oil done here the other day .
nice outdoor seating area .
definitely worth the trip .
in any event , we will not be back to cowboy ciao .
i will never return .
fantastic food !
this place is just awful now .
when i had trouble with an online order , they corrected it with ease .
the food was excellent .
it took too long and no one seemed to know what was going on .
the sushi is consistently good , above average good .
the rice was flavorless , and the onions were also old .
i am super pissed we wasted our money and time on crap food .
the coffee was average and the refills were not given in a timely manner .
until he said f it this is taking far too long .
when most guys speak tech this company speaks english .
the service was slow .
delicious !
smiley nails is a great experience ; relaxing , professional and personal .
great service , decent food .
it 's the atmosphere that makes this place a winner .
gross .
the decor and setting are excellent , as was the food .
no one smiled or seemed upbeat .
casey is mellow , fun and really knows his stuff .
really , it was delectable .
it was soggy for starters .
the food is prepared efficiently and well .
i 'll definitely go again and provide a more thorough review next time !
the dinning area had trash all over the place .
i highly recommend this restaurant .
i live and chandler and found a gem for the kids to enjoy .
always good .
very good choice my friends made in having their wedding held here !
there was _num_ of us and we ordered different things .
nordstrom gets four stars because at least we have one !
loved that eating outside was n't too loud with the traffic .
out black !
the steaks are grocery store quality .
some nights it is totally mellow and other nights it is packed .
but we wo n't be back here again .
patio good for people watching .
terrible food , service and owner !
really nice staff , totally impressed by the young gentleman who too our order .
for an appetizer , we chose crab cakes .
ok ... not that good , not horrible .
very tasty pizza !
i enjoy their mussels and crab cakes .
good food , good price .
i always am surprised by this place every time .
always an excellent experience .
i would give this place a _num_ 1/2 star rating .
it ruins ur experience and you just think twice every time you go there .
left `` wicked '' less than a quarter into the show .
i could not believe that so many others had the same experience .
very pleased with this car rental establishment !
love this place !
for $ _num_ , i was expecting to eat excellent chicken .
the only good thing was the dessert .
the mac and cheese , delicious .
the shredded beef was absolutely delicious .
to be clear , we never apologized to karen .
great service i am a happy customer .
a regular `` go to '' for my family of _num_ !
extremely disappointed .
unfortunately i would have to sum up my experience as crappy both times .
it was hot , delicious and just as we expected .
may come back here , may not .
did this place change managers or owners ?
find a more friendly golf course unless you like bad customer service .
was told to wait by clerk passing on phone .
thankfully i do n't drink because the alcohol prices were even more ridiculous .
my husband had the pork tenderloin and it was incredible !
the first shrimp course was cold , overcooked , chewy and flavorless .
always friendly , always kind , always helpful .
the chips in the nachos were totally stale .
ordered a _num_ '' pepperoni for take-out and it was very good .
oh and this all happened _num_ days before my wedding !
i had gotten a package with _num_ laser hair removal treatments .
had buffet , a bit pricy , but worthy it .
it 's tiny and awesome !
great prices .
or maybe i want my id back to leave .
it was well worth the long drive and we will plan to be back !
great atmosphere .
the staff was very nice .
it is more then good !
that 's how good the food is !
great pizza , salads , and subs .
i definitely would recommend allison as a colorist and stylist !
and the cook gave me a mean look .
they 're busy , it 's my day off , no big deal .
the staff is awesome and my nails & toes always look perfect !
bad on us to skip the _num_ minute wait at san tan brewery .
pep boys is great both in price and service .
lisa and sam in the service department were great !
big ass burger is my one true love , besides my cat .
he did an amazing job !
i 'm a fan of d & c 's .
bad management if any here .
the ease with which they handled our transaction was amazing .
there is something wrong going on here .
a lil disappointed with the place .
it was fantastic !
beautiful restaurant , excellent service , and good food .
great !
bmw na does n't care .
before this incident , i was a frequent shopper at kay .
there are security guards during the weekdays .
i feel like i wasted $ _num_ on nothing .
ok , i wo n't make a big deal .
the food arrived and all our meats were dry and hard .
good wifi , tv with many channels , good breakfast available in restaurant .
i 'm just angry that i threw away almost $ _num_ .
it 's pretty great .
this place is awesome !
i really need to stop going here instead of writing bad yelp reviews .
fantastic food !
alcoholic drinks are same price .
always good food and great service .
their mongolian beef is the best i have had in phoenix !
love their bagels !
i do not know what happened to this place .
friendly service , good prices and great food !
the meat was amazing and melted in your mouth .
she was spot on as they were delicious .
people here seem to be happy , content , and drunk .
a deal is not a deal at chapman !
the staff , especially dawn , is ways extremely helpful and friendly .
it was fantastic .
still to this day , no one has called .
zero stars for service .
three of us came in on saturday october _num_ around _num_ .
rude .
yet , they always know how ensure that you are well taken care of .
definitely a good place for bbq if you are in the area !
exceedingly good care .
really good .
it had zero flavor period .
taco tuesdays !
the food here is authentic and consistently delicious .
it is not a huge place !
good food !
- would give it zero stars if i could .
also love the stuffed mushrooms .
i could have put them together in _num_ large bite .
expensive and not that great .
large pieces of fish and very fresh .
i do n't like mcdonalds food .
overall - great experience and would definitely go back !
this place is the best that i 've found so far .
the manager threatened to cancel my order and hang up on me .
this has not been an enjoyable customer service experience so far .
what makes it the best one is the quality of the merchandise .
they were dry and had almost no sauce .
the scenery was spectacular !
love this location at gainey ranch !
the tube they rent are a joke !
this place is truly _num_ star worthy .
one of the best burritos i have ever had .
megan 's carne was dry .
complete lack of respect for one 's time .
big trouble with reservation .
highly recommend using them !
very knowledgeable and approachable .
the phone rang _num_ times before they picked up .
the food has just been disgusting the last _num_ times i went .
the sundae is excellent !
i appreciate the professionalism and attention to customer service .
just delicious plentiful food , very pleasant attentive service and reasonable prices .
a rare find these days !
the food was also good too .
the cheese crisp was flavorless and unappetizing .
great menu , great beer selection and nice service .
it started with a _num_ minute wait for my $ _num_ glass of wine .
crappy food terrible service !
to me it is more than just another dinner .
horrible service !
she is hilarious !
it 's a rather popular place for lunch .
i will definitely come back when in the area !
inedible cardboard food .
the fries and salad we good too .
nope and hell no thank you .
as this is being written i just ended my contact with them .
we are thrilled to have found it !
i absolutely loved the canyon suite we stayed in .
this was a waste of time and money and gets two thumbs down .
the staff is knowledgable , patient and professional .
the best pizza in new york is in time square .
chicken enchilada was great and homemade tortilla made it even better !
he was great .
fantastic , fast service .
this server had more than enough assistance and the bar was dead .
their saffron rice is excellent .
the restaurant is old and outdated inside .
i recently moved to scottsdale and i am blessed to have this place !
they have a nice big restaurant with two large patios .
the staff is wonderful and accomodating to a fault .
firstly , the decor certainly did n't `` wow '' me .
_num_ thumbs up !
sit at the bar and let dallas take care of you .
owners are great but the food is very bland and average at best .
thank you all so much !
she looked very busy .
not impressed .
for what it is , the rv park is nice .
then the refund did n't even go through until after we were already home .
nice place to play darts if you 're into that .
owner is always on site and is just a super nice guy .
they always have a wonderful choice of daily specials .
she was very through and listened well to his problem .
service is always good and this place is family owned !
views are amazing .
i get around the arizona restaurant seen .
cold food and the waitress was absent most the time .
dr. c has horrible customer service skills .
completely loved the service and the atmosphere but the food itself was fairly mediocre .
service was good and fast .
it was n't that big of a deal , but i was quite confused .
( this was not in the lease agreement ) .
pleased with stay .
and i had the short ribs , both absolutely delicious .
_num_ orders of veal , overcooked .
it was clear that she knew that some guests had a problem .
bruce was friendly and honest .
we went to don & charlie 's tonight and had the best time !
more wasted money .
very tasty !
bland food and horrible service .
as it stands now it ca n't seem to get much worse .
as a former restaurant manager , i understand how seating is managed .
so if everything is pretty adequate , what drove down the rating ?
the locker areas were small .
i do n't know what 's going on .
i 'd been going to the roadhouse since brad opened it ... day one .
both sauces were awful .
love the service here .
additionally , i can hear the person upstairs .
a bit pricey but well worth it , i will definitely go back !
great food and people .
the customer service is not good .
i left bummed out .
go somewhere else where else you can be treated like a real customer .
this store is a gem .
service is decent but the pizza is better .
highly recommend .
terrible sound .
they got me in quick and fixed it !
the ranch was a great consistency and had nice season to it .
our waiter was friendly and patient .
really i think he may be the best !
he seems miserable .
food and drink are top notch .
they are so good , and get the whole place dancing !
anyway , i think you get the point .
no more , no less .
basically was ignored the whole time we stayed .
crab puffs are great !
the toast came cold , with no butter or jam .
there 's two floors and the bar offers a nice selection of brews .
great service , portions , and quality .
makes me wonder if our state cares about women 's health ?
the owners are great , really cant wait to come back for more !
service the first night was perfect .
cool place !
rooms are spacious and comfy , service is very friendly .
the pasta was cooked correctly , but the sauce had a funky taste .
we have eaten here many times and always had a great meal !
good times .
the most questions we asked the more annoyed she got .
the falafel is good and the gyros are amazing .
food is very good .
top notch customer service !
the atmosphere is relaxing and cozy and the service is great .
this place is so good .
so now my husband is eating and i 'm not .
i love the french toast .
the peanut dressing is so good , i could drink it .
small little gem tucked in the back of the shopping center .
the staff is super friendly and also very fast .
just stay away from this place .
it was her fault that she failed to ask how i wanted the wings .
this is , hands down , the best thai place in scottsdale .
restaurant was nearly empty .
best greek food in glendale !
it was pretty funny !
they treat each dog as if they were a member of their own family .
while the drive-thru was quick , the food was terrible .
excellent service .
not to get in fights .
the environment is very relaxed and calm .
i introduced a friend to frank and lupe 's .
and they were the absolute worst nachos i 've ever had .
it is soooo good !
they had n't even started the order yet .
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .
highly recommend this small quaint restaurant , it certainly is on our favorites list .
the hollandaise flavor was off as well .
great little spot in the art district !
my favorite is the biscuits and gravy .
some were fixed and some never were .
if you ever get the chance check this place out !
the bruschetta bread was soggy .
very unique pizza .
really sweet of them .
the cheesesteak was by far the best i 've ever had .
went there with my bf and was not thrilled .
she literally threw my basket after she took it off the counter .
the chips and salsa were hot and fresh .
great service and good food .
the people are as great as the cakes are delicious !
wow !
good is awesome .
i switched to advanced auto on mcdowell and it is much better .
amazing food every time i visit .
the service to my vehicle and care taken were also exceptional .
they are disorganized and the food was mediocre .
thanks french 's !
i came here on a whim today with a craving for mexican food .
the wings were slimy and disgusting .
i 'm sure we will be back !
will try to make it back to have a full meal for sure .
the desserts are great , they have a good wine selection and phenomenal service .
great food and great atmosphere .
pasta , sandwiches , and desserts .
love this place !
great service at a great price .
hmmm ... nope , it is all of those things !
you rock , mickey !
she 's wrong !
overall , this place is my favorite place to grocery shop !
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .
horrible customer service !
the inn was very clean , quiet , and organized .
every time i order from them i swear i 'm never going back .
do not give a penny to this establishment !
she was pleasant and made our meal enjoyable .
will try to avoid it .
not served as described on their menu .
always eager to help !
they do have an outstanding ranch though .
i wish they would not charge for extra sauce .
they have a huge wine selection with a great selection of micro brewed beer .
we had just sat down _num_ min .
dinner here was amazing !
consistently good food at a reasonable price .
hands down best tasting and authentic food .
we were there at _num_ , not that late , seriously .
my favorite local place for breakfast .
love this place .
the orange chicken was very soggy and super sweet .
the food is great .
how can these rude and arrogant people stay in business ?
love this place for mexican food and margaritas .
little places like this are the best !
i will not be back .
absolutely the very worst repair experience ever .
and the _num_ free appetizers were not free on our checks .
what won me over completely was the customer service .
i find a salon without anyone answering the phones to be highly unprofessional .
i will not recommend this restaurant to anyone .
we both totally enjoyed our meals .
sally 's is a great store .
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .
the omelette has a spaghetti sauce and some shredded cheese on top .
i found a camera treasure to add to my collection .
i will not be dining here again .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .
but honestly , they have everything under the sun .
we were there _num_ minutes before the closing time .
he did n't care .
love this place .
amazing ambiance and a fun place to meet with friends .
lots of cool shops around .
i do n't get it .
the food is good .
love this place !
i love this place !
terrible customer service .
sure , we knew there were waitresses .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .
my husband did n't even get nearly a quarter cup of sides .
this is an italian restaurant , what could have taken an hour ?
ugh ... if you need something printed just go next door to office depot .
it 's a shame too , really liked this place before .
the ambiance seems good for friends get together or even family eating .
went here tonight for the first time and had a very enjoyable experience .
a week later ( today ) , still broken .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .
service was great .
i was completely disappointed .
she was not happy to have women in her shop .
fast , affordable , world class customer service and made things very easy !
the layout and decor are so unique and charming .
the best three choices to have for the first visit .
best chips and salsa , plus great house margaritas .
they clearly do n't care about customer service because my complaint was ignored .
best night ever !
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .
we love sweet cakes !
best chinese food i 've had in a long time !
love this restaurant .
this is the worst location ever !
great place for night life !
the table bread was decent , the butter was really good .
we also ordered two rolls that had eel in them and they were bad !
until this place is under new management , they have lost my business .
this is not authentic mexican food .
we also liked the warm and inviting atmosphere in the bar .
the tables in the front are a little crowded .
cheat your customers !
this is the best authentic thai place in arizona .
great service and great food !
a day here takes away all my worries .
the curly fries were good , but the sliders was sub-par .
a fine dining establishment .
recommended by friends yes very nice upscale restaurant .
price was ok.
great experience !
pizza was delicious and needless to say the nutella calzone was yummy !
pretty good service .
keep up the great work !
also , love the tuna when they have it on the menu .
this place has some of the best brick oven pizza around !
fan for life !
and the food is incredible !
and more bacon , and something that was supposed to be ranch .
the atmosphere is like a game room , makes the experience fun for everyone .
no call no show .
this place is the best ever !
bad decision .
even on the way out the host did n't even say anything .
thank goodness there 's a mcdonalds on the way home .
this place is why yelp should allow zero stars .
everyone was so so sweet and kind to us .
both of us loved the warm bread with the butter , herbs and onions .
you got ta check it out .
okay , so my chili came to the table and i was sadly disappointed .
the beer selection is great , both the bottles and the tap collection .
another bad case of poor door managers .
wow , this place surprised me .
they are amazing !
i get the draw of this place though .
the employees are professional and nice , helpful .
do not give them your credit or debit card !
and it came with two whole pieces of chicken breast .
never going back !
i would recommend to a friend .
he is hilarious and will have me coming back !
no other customers .
what a complete disappointment .
very courteous , friendly , quick reasonably priced .
i went there today , and now even that 's dead .
love them !
i wo n't be back .
food was delightful and service exemplary .
thanks to a great staff and maintenance crew for doing such a great job !
it was like almost never ending .
i was pleasantly surprised by their excellent service at an affordable price .
i did n't know what to do with them .
i 've had several dishes here but i do love the hippie noodles .
the staff here is always friendly and the juice is well ... .
awesome pizza !
the staff is very friendly and great with kids !
will not shop here again .
overall we were very disappointed and probably wo n't be coming back .
so we will be back to see her and for some pie !
delicious desserts !
worst review for the worst drying cleaning i have experienced .
we will return for sure !
my class was in the community room at chandler fashion center .
uh ... wow .
but i guess shame on me for just looking for average service in scottsdale .
the place is awesome .
better luck next time !
i love being a part of this .
definitely will return !
shredded beef chimichangas were spicy and good sized .
mostly the happy hour menu is limited .
very fast high speed internet .
kendra nails it each and every time .
a couple in particular were super nice , hence _num_ stars and not _num_ .
wo n't be back .
great food , fast service , great place to eat .
terrible beds , cheap fabrics , made for a difficult .
not to mention she was very rude and short with us .
in _num_ years the degree helped me get _num_ job .
el sol has amazing food .
i am so happy with my experience .
she made awesome drinks too !
and the service was amazing .
it 's so worth the drive .
very unique decor and really cool outdoor dining area .
it breaks my heart that their food , their sushi is not good .
this is definitely where i will be going from now on .
i love grimaldi 's pizza !
the internet says they accept cards , as does yelp .
the people are friendly to me , the place is clean and comforting .
this past weekend , the mcdowell location of la fitness hosted a vip event .
sorry not a happy customer .
the beer is very good and so is the food .
been a resident here for _num_ months .
it was perfect !
but it 's always nice to have something before the main course .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !
service was good and all in all it was a nice meal .
the steak was cooked to perfection and juicy as can be .
but that 's part of the charm from my perspective .
excellent food .
everyone was very informative and making sure we received the best deal possible .
fantastic !
they were great !
there pizza is always hot and fresh .
upset enough to drive to ihop _num_ miles away .
the list goes on .
so here 's the deal on the service .
love it there but unfortunately last saturday was not a good experience .
fantastic happy hour and excellent cuisine .
it was a sunday afternoon , and it was not very busy at all .
just lost a customer for life .
this may be one of the worst restaurant experiences i have ever been to .
i explained there is no way i can go over _num_ dollars a month .
$ _num_ for one small burro ?
definitely a must go and you 've got to have the hot sauce .
maybe they have changed their hours but i do n't go back .
so frustrating .
it 's not .
what great shop !
the service was very slow .
did we go through the wrong door ?
the coke tasted like they have moldy lines or something .
the price was very reasonable and the service was not only prompt but exceptional .
the springs rolls were good but a little bland .
i would give this place _num_ stars if i could - they are great !
very delicious !
fucking slow , _num_ cars in the drive through and been here _num_ minutes .
food is delicious , and not your standard fare .
i love this place !
the food is excellent !
ah , uncomfortable .
great job .
so very delicious !
the salads and soups are so delicious .
up until the last year , i rarely had a bad experience .
i am always disappointed when a band i love plays here .
the prices on some things were really great too .
this locations sucks .
brandon is such a sweetheart !
sadly , neither was true at ruth 's chris steakhouse .
worst apartment complex ever !
clean and well maintained .
overall , it 's an amazing experience every time i visit !
customer service in this day and age is truly a lost art .
the staff is always friendly .
when i am in the neighborhood i stop in and i am always disappointed .
this was a really fun , challenging course !
looks like a hole in the wall but it 's pretty good .
i 'm very happy this place is in my neighborhood .
so i left the laptop department and walked over to the television department .
other than the long wait to be seated , the restaurant is great .
i love this place .
the hot sauce is just not good .
we will definitely use dodge again .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .
eh , is really all i have to say .
the waitresses are very nice .
worst dentist in the entire state of arizona .
pam cut and colored my hair .
worth a visit just for the baseball `` museum '' .
i ordered the shrimp lo mein and chicken with vegetables .
as always great food and drinks .
gross .
came in to a creepy looking man and felt very unwelcome and awkward .
top notch customer service .
the service was fabulous also .
put me right in the christmas spirit .
not much presentation but it was tasty .
terrific food , atmospher , and service .
they have a lot of options , and the servers were all very friendly .
that stuff is amazing .
get the food , fries were the best part .
this hole in the wall is a sweaty gem !
service is great and the staff is super friendly .
but this one , this one , folks , is seriously a winner .
they have great food selections and good service .
highly greedy .
the actual mani/pedi was sub-par , at best .
satisfy your sweet tooth here .
i was so pleased with this clinic , i will definitely go there forever .
love the veggie hash and fresh bread .
highest level of talent works here , friendly professional staff and ownership .
really friendly people at this place .
if we lived here , we 'd be going here on a regular basis !
the vibe and service is just okay .
even the carrots are good here .
body shop handled it .
however , the food is the best .
always crowded for sure and it 's a wee little restaurant .
i do n't recommend the wing bar , not worth it .
i recommend these guys !
horrible service .
the sandwiches , in particular , are so good !
the owner , dan , helped us personally .
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .
food is outstanding !
the restaurant is clean .
the service is wonderful here !
we love this place .
i would definitely recommend her .
i 'll be taking my next girlfriend here for sure .
my favorite place to go for chinese take out .
the staff is rude and not very intelligent .
seriously though , i have never shopped here .
great looking , clean salon .
so disappointed .
such a great place to burn rubber !
today was utter disappointment .
my pita was falling apart before it was even handed to me .
the menu is really big and there are a lot of vegetarian options .
it was absurd .
workers where meh adding to the feeling that they do n't want you there .
amazing food and service .
they were fried crispy , but were light with a great texture and taste .
and would n't do anything about it .
i handed my keys to the person at the desk and proceeded to wait .
thanks again sarah !
loved it .
it was excellent !
on my visit to arizona i was very pleased with this restaurant .
they were very attentive and professional and made some great recommendations .
the tickets they sold me are for standing room or lawn only .
lobster enchilada and they forgot the lobster .
four of us celebrated a bday here .
i 've only been here to get gas , never to go inside .
another excellent choice .
very nice ambience for a date or to go out with people .
they put such incredible details into the cake .
the lemonade is freshly squeezed .
comfortable and affordable apartment .
i ordered their spicy tuna roll , calamari , margarita , and sake sangria .
the gyro is dry and off putting .
best breakfast bagel sandwich i 've ever had .
amazing staff and extremely talented doctors .
celebrated my 40th birthday there !
this place is golden !
this place is unreal !
has a old time diner feel to it .
i get it the classic way with the smoked salmon !
the chicken underneath was moist , and the accompanying relish was quite tasty .
as other reviewers have pointed out , it 's inexpensive authentic mexican food .
my new go to spot for mani pedis .
best food & wine in mesa !
outstanding customer service and products are the best .
don knows how to treat a customer .
if you have half a brain , choose someplace else .
everything about this apartment is cheap and dirty .
the overall front service has been very sloppy in the past six months .
i guess they figured that they did n't need my business .
awesome atmosphere !
took another _num_ minutes to get just one bloody mary .
but they do n't need you , so do n't go .
recommend double cheeseburger with bacon and avocados and onion rings .
i got a _num_ honda civic .
honestly this is one of the best gyro 's i have ever had .
the chicken and waffles was half of one waffle with one small chicken breast .
loved the menu and the food was delicious !
we will definitely be back !
the driving range is great too !
service stinks .
i love coming here for lunch .
well , probably not the last time , but it should be .
always fast service and a clean dining room .
you will love it .
needless to say , they did n't win a loyal customer with me .
besides the guacamole , everything was as bland as could be .
i have never been yelled at before by a supposed professional .
good , fast and cheap , yup you can have all three .
pizzas are good , wings and subs are great .
the worst service ever .
i ca n't say the ribs were anything spectacular .
to put it shortly , rude employees , overpriced items , and misleading signs .
i really enjoyed my time here .
it is just so hard to pull off .
if there was an option to give negative stars , i would .
best breakfast in the east valley .
i will definitely be coming back !
first of all , they were quite expensive .
the service was great .
i asked if they had replaced the spare and he told me no .
all in all it was a fantastic experience and would definitely recommend the steakhouse .
backed up 2-3 groups on each hole with a $ _num_ price tag .
meal was fresh and affordable .
simply put ... a great dive .
the staff really do a great job and have your best interest in mind .
pool specially the jacuzzi is never clean enough .
the chicken was great .
their donuts are amazing and the staff is always very friendly !
the burrito was not very good either .
the prices are quite reasonable .
too bad the food is less than average .
this little store is excellent .
defalco 's is a family owned restaurant and the food is great !
a great place to chill with friends and family .
i liked them a lot .
i went for lunch with my husband .
great experience and delicious food .
service was great as usual !
she loves the rice .
then he sold me a $ _num_ unit with european maps .
family owned and full of character !
my expectation was they would serve a steak on par with their seafood .
had a business lunch here and can highly recommend for this purpose .
reasonably priced with pleasant service .
i love that you can watch the planes take off and all that .
the sides are also excellent , pick anything .
always great food !
me and my son 's favorite place !
avoid them if you can !
the staff is cold .
i became firm and said , they need to change their policies .
if i could review zero stars i would .
definitely will come back again .
the food is n't extraordinary , but it is good .
the servings are very generous so usually we end up with _num_ meals .
omg , i love this place !
this is a perfect place to go with friends .
this place is great !
spent some time in the store , owner is lovely .
my new favorite chinese food place for lunch !
so disappointed with aaa .
they have great vegetarian options .
tastes like a mixture of oranges and vanilla .
i had the fresh mozzarella and prosciutto on a fresh baked italian roll .
what a seriously cool place .
but it was not great food either .
this place has great service most of the time .
but maybe the main courses of red curry and pad thai would be great .
was n't very impressed .
definitely a good experience , i loved how helpful the girls were !
all the sales people were very helpful and friendly .
wo n't be shopping here in the future ; though i live nearby .
loved this place !
the filet and prawns were outta this world !
i was told that this was for _num_ year of personalized care .
i would ( and have ) highly recommend them to everyone i know .
both good in my opinion .
there was wall covering splitting and much of it looked dated and warn .
we still love this place and it deserves the 5-star rating .
my certificate was to include lunch as well as a glass of wine .
great place for lunch !
the food came out as ordered and tasted wonderful .
i absolutely love zizzo .
it had a pile of bacon in it and it sure was tasty .
i slept amazing and had no noisy neighbors .
the service is amazing !
the staff was pleasant and super quick .
great casual vibe with upscale tavern food and a decent wine list .
so then there 's the food ... amazing !
even the garlic bread was delicious .
this little family place has a nice clean kitchen and legit mexican food .
you can also enjoy the family atmosphere and dine-in .
food was good and tasted fresh .
jessica needs a better bedside manner .
the services overall was terribly slow even as the restaurant was beginning to empty .
rude comments throughout dinner .
i really enjoy this place ... you will too !
i 've always had a good experience coming here and plan to continue .
i only came here for the training , very depressing experience .
also , they no longer serve flights .
so sad but i am not going back any more .
the last bill was just under $ _num_ .
i was very disappointed and will not be returning .
imagine my delight when a coworker directed me to the bread basket .
excellent !
honesty and integrity at it 's finest !
frustrating .
we were double billed and the service was horrible .
again , no reply .
we came here because one of their overpriced boxes apparently failed .
so you know how bad the course is ... no you do n't ?
i 'm confused by all these stars .
service and tried and true menu is always just good .
one of the best skate shops i 've ever visited for selection and value .
coworker had the rib eye and cooked to perfection .
go to red lobster you 'll have a better meal at less money .
it was like taking $ _num_ and burning it in front of me .
a hole in the wall chinese restaurant can produce better chinese food .
nice .
amazing .
she learned my first name and helped me through every step of the process .
again all the service was done promptly and for a very reasonable price .
great pizza , fast delivery and the staff is always friendly .
love this place !
delicious crepes they have sweet , savory and even breakfast crepes !
service is top notch .
tip : 3rd floor is the best .
i am beyond disappointed in the customer service i received at this branch .
thanks !
my primary complaint is not food but service .
i will keep coming back !
karen j .
wanted real food but they are breakfast only until it runs out .
i was never biased before i certainly am now .
delicious !
a little shocked , i replied were there are _num_ of us .
the cashier is always friendly and the business seems to always have customers .
these guys are friendly and know their stuff .
love when the band `` new river '' is there !
you 'd probably get a better deal .
busy place but not full .
excellent evening , food and service were amazing !
it is so disgusting in there .
so i asked for a chicken burrito with salsa like last time .
prices here also seemed pretty reasonable for as nice of a restaurant it is .
we always have a great meal .
it has a great comfortable feel to it .
i absolutely love this yoga studio .
best sports bar in town bar none .
it was good so i had another .
are you kidding me ?
oh people watching is the greatest here .
so i walk away with two lessons learned .
delicious food !
definitely would come back .
lots of different things to do !
then she proceeded to make jokes that were completely lost on us .
food is always made from fresh , locally grown ingredients .
great place to go with the family or a date .
check it out !
unfortunately , i do n't think i 'll come back here .
but ... no , i decided why not see how their other food is .
it 's like therapy : ) .
however , the service was just short of horrendous .
the food was good .
this place is great i definitely recommend going here if your a carnivore .
very tasty .
absolutely fantastic valentine 's day brunch .
best house margarita in phoenix .
the food was wonderful as well as the staff !
thanks paul !
always fresh always good .
tonight i ordered delivery .
egg roll and crab puff were fantastic also .
sat outside in a wonderful seating area .
i should have believed them from the start .
which makes me feel uncomfortable .
but my stay actually went quite smooth .
she was suffering so bad i had to have her put down .
this is my favorite resort in the us .
and i just can not believe it it is outrageous .
very good chow .
it was served on styrofoam plates and the customer service was lacking .
highly recommend this fast drive-thru !
the rosemary flavor was a little overwhelming but in general was ok .
it truly felt like a family .
i could die in it and be happy .
the staff here are awesome !
first off , i was under the impression they had homemade ice cream .
no microwave .
never returning again .
bold statement but true !
atmosphere is super comfortable .
this jamba juice is great .
this place is awesome .
whole place smelled of stale smoke .
in fact , it surpassed my expectations !
one of the best service experiences i 've gone through by far .
i crave it !
bread might have been a little stale , but it was still good .
it also was old and crusty hard .
its fantastic .
the crispy fish with mango was so good !
what a charming place .
i have a big heart , and there 's room enough for you both .
very friendly and helpful location .
the staff is so friendly !
i do n't know if we 'll be back , which is very sad .
will not be returning as the prices can not justify the service and quantity .
while the lobby is renovated , the rooms are extremely dated .
so essentially , you do n't really have a view .
thumbs up !
i feel like a move star !
this place is perfect for the kids .
the manager even put new battery in !
its just incredible .
we went there for a late dinner one night and enjoyed ourselves .
you ca n't beat the atmosphere and the good is good old home cookin !
overall it was a very good experience .
great service , knowledgeable and prompt .
there are not words to describe how completely horrible this place is .
they are angry and mean .
it happens , i suppose .
gun fight show was fun to watch .
avoid this place .
no character .
always good .
my husband and i attended our first gammage event in april of _num_ .
the check out staff are so friendly and helpful .
the staff and service was very friendly and good .
great for a quick lunch if your work in the area .
great customer service !
there is a happy hour that has some good deals .
will visit again !
half of our table had the sea bass special and it was delicious .
this is my favorite spot to visit in scottsdale .
the sandwich was $ _num_ .
no complaints there .
i stayed in a beautiful private condo that was fabulous !
michele is an absolute amazing repair consultant .
my favorite is getting the lunch special pizza and having prosciutto added to it .
i went and it was as great as i remember .
not bad , but for sure not worth the carbs .
definitely will be coming back !
the slim cut works well .
another table of diners was extremely loud .
for having a big group they did a good job attending to us .
that sandwich really is a joke .
there could have been more meat but it was still good .
wow !
we 've been there twice , and both times we have had excellent service .
their prices are quite reasonable and they definitely care about animals and people alike .
wonderful experience !
we recommend his services to everyone .
i run a salon and spa so of all people i get it .
music is great and not too loud and the people are really friendly .
everyone in our group enjoyed the meals and talked about coming back .
cold , not cooked , no flavor .
always very friendly at the drive thru .
the service , however , is not so great .
the chicken was very bland and a little tough .
then why am i sending my eggs back ?
i can not wait to cut my ties .
waiting room is very small .
i 've seen both vets and they are both amazing !
: ) thanks for everything !
the staff and service at this location is outstanding !
its quality .
it is what it is .
very dark and secluded make a great date nite place .
the quality of the food was good and the portions were generous in size .
service was incredibly slow .
great food in az .
will be going here when i visit my brother again !
honestly , i think i 've had something different ... .
after ringing me up he explained how to use the medications .
also loved the braised beef and chili mac and cheese .
food was very good - great value !
fantastic selection of wines and always served at the proper temperature .
so good !
the room was large , but it was n't well appointed and very bland .
i absolutely love the crispy spicy tuna - ca n't get enough of it !
small place that makes you feel at home on the very first visit .
this place was amazing .
a real buy for your $ .
i would recommend it to anyone !
love love this place .
i would recommend the burger tho .
overall rude and unwelcoming .
i will definitely be back !
the service is always attentive and i always feel well taken care of .
terrible .
love , love , love this place !
it was good .
the fruit is always bright and a good portion .
we ordered the banana split and it was great for sharing .
i recommend to everyone .
all they could do was give me a $ _num_ discount .
high marks .
wait times for food - not a friday or saturday - are ridiculously long .
they know their coffee , and they have some great healthy lunch options .
pizza was burnt also and looked like something from restaurant nightmare .
never followed up on the order .
i had a wonderful sunset birthday dinner .
its moderately priced but it was all very nice and well chosen .
so glad i do n't live there .
all well-prepared and delicious .
fyi not friendly on the dog patio .
she finished my nails in about _num_ minutes .
the merchandise is of great quality , and they have a huge selection .
nightly live music , amazing guacamole , and nestled in the mountains .
really enjoyed our dinner .
glad i found this dentist !
repeat conversation above .
the atmosphere is great , dark plush seating , warm colors .
hell , diet or anything else , it is all bad for you .
it was so salty that it was not edible .
i will never return here and i will tell people not to go here .
low expectations from the start but this was bad .
fairly new short tables .
unfortunately we wo n't be returning .
nice semi fancy restaurant for special occasions .
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .
he 's really great !
found this place yesterday for lunch .
note to self : beer only next time .
dinner was over $ _num_ with a mid priced bottle of wine .
this place is awesome !
went to malee 's thai tonight and it was very good .
it will be in _num_ minutes .
cute studio space and very clean .
i always get my water here , because it tastes the best by far .
good dining experience !
okay , it 's also a cool place to grab drinks with friends .
overall a big disappointment .
this place has a very retro , first class feel .
would n't return here before a game .
these days the quality is pretty lousy .
always good food good service !
again , she brushed me off .
and aveda color is my fave !
+ _num_ star - server .
breakfast is wonderful .
great food !
totally worth the wait .
this place does n't disappoint .
this marvelous team stayed after closing to finish the job for me .
best happy hour specials and pretty good customer service .
when i got it back to our hotel i could see something was wrong .
there are _num_ star hotels very nearby for the same price .
and the staff is outstanding .
i just gave up .
it 's basically a brick shell , it has absolutely zero character .
needless to say we will not be returning .
awesome !
this was my third time and i 've received great treatment every time .
you have 4-5 nurses in the office who do nothing .
this place is so fun .
i 'm not really sure who i tipped .
tab for _num_ people ( one only had coffee ) was $ _num_ .
i saw a sale on wall cabinets and called to inquire .
by far the best italian food i 've had in arizona .
they have a signature pear shot that is delicious .
so good !
the service is really top notch .
the second time was the same thing just a different bartender .
usually blueberries in pancakes are the opposite .
i left detailed messages and never received a return call .
no call back .
the food was very good , but the service was outstanding .
they are prompt and delicious !
the good thing is i waited about _num_ minutes seated .
he loves to play and visit with all of his friends at the shop .
it 's still the best greek food in phoenix !
they were very patronizing , snotty and most of all over priced .
their breakfast is amazing and out of this world !
the guacamole was amazing .
or option _num_ .
amazing views and the service was excellent .
you need to get your old chef back .
good job guys !
the staff was friendly and courteous and the price is very reasonable .
super generous on the pours .
great place !
plus the prices were great !
i probably would n't come back here .
everything was so delicious ... .
found a _num_ pack of four peaks ipa , made my day !
arguably one of the best ny style pizza here in the east valley .
tvs are on and people are chatting .
the park is older and a little run down .
it 's to bad that yelp does not offer a minus _num_ star .
dale is absolutely awesome .
thank you !
_num_ : the food was almost warm .
the staff were fantastic and really attentive .
big mistake .
beautiful office and very fairly priced .
staff is very good .
cheap frames , cheap lenses , rude staff !
it is cheap italian food , but friendly and fast .
it 's affordable and it 's just a great place .
_num_ ) my moving out bill .
this place is pretty amazing .
the wine selection is nice and the pasta is to die for .
i love that it 's student work , fresh and modern and really intriguing .
i could tell right away that he takes great pride in doing good work .
great people watching !
the front office staff treats you like you 're family .
it was a last minute booking and everyone was wonderful .
very disappointed , should have read the reviews first !
all is takes is the right tailoring .
the food was great , atmosphere perfect !
come for the driving range , do n't come for anything else .
the pizza literally looked like what my leftovers looked like in college .
most everything is frozen , processed and covered in batter .
this is a dive bar first and foremost .
the groceries , the subs , the house made olives , everything is great !
the food was amazing as usual and our server jaime was great .
so far the experience has been great !
we do n't come here often , but always enjoy it when we do .
work ordered lunch for the office and it was awesome !
do n't even have words for what went down at improv tonight .
great service from our waitress shannon !
very disappointing .
best country bar in scottsdale .
the dentist is very nice and gentle also .
if i could give it zero stars i would !
the kids loved the live country band .
but it 's always great here .
wow ... what a horrible experience at this dealership !
both were wonderful .
the granola was store bought , bland , nothing special .
he has my wedding , babies , memories , first home , etc ... .
my order is simple , two lousy pieces of original dark chicken .
you can see the groomer and peak into the doggie day care area .
the tech was very friendly and professional .
it is the best i ever tasted .
that 's always an extra bonus !
that 's just stuff that needs to be done right .
not that i would ever be crazy enough to give them my business again .
the owners are funny and nice .
best dry cleaners in town .
next time , i promise !
it 's very disappointing and upsetting .
i have found the wait staff is always friendly and nice .
( very long line there ) .
highly recommended .
and the waitresses are easy on the eyes .
i had been warned and i did n't even know it .
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .
great service !
i could n't properly order !
steak was done to perfection .
place is dirty and stinky .
but i ca n't do that every issue can i ?
they had very little sauce and were overly unimpressive .
it 's great ... .
i finally agreed to $ _num_ for a wash , wax , and detail .
it was a major turn off .
the worst 4th of july ever !
quick , prompt service , they fixed everything and even went above and beyond .
the service was prompt and food was tasty .
ive never scammed anyone .
this place is a dining experience .
who knew changing a career would be this difficult .
friendly , efficient and great quality tailoring .
our food was obviously of very low quality .
amazing , friendly staff and an incredible choice of wine !
the best happy hour menu & happy hour drinks .
i was expecting my socks to be knocked off .
my biggest problem with the restaurant - the service .
i would give _num_ stars if i could .
bell ( kyle rocks ! )
we go every tuesday for taco tuesdays , it is a great value .
reasonable prices and the food was so good !
after a few weeks of sessions i experienced an increase of focus and relaxation .
as soon as we sat down , a woman started singing .
just played and the greens were so true .
just an all around great experience .
will return again for a private retreat from my busy home life .
they will always find the time to see you in a pinch !
however , this is fantastic mexican food at a very reasonable price .
that 's insulting .
my husband and i keep trying to find `` the '' mexican place .
life 's too short to do business with crooks .
had an outstanding lunch here .
very cheap food with amazing flavor the staff is always nice and inviting .
horrible !
the staff at advanced eye care are so friendly and helpful .
it will be in _num_ minutes .
they do have nice patio space .
we then ordered the green chili stew , and fresh guacamole .
i 've never been , it 's close to my place ... why not ?
after the third one , i asked her to stop .
lovely , wonderful man who takes great pride in his heritage and food .
drinks were slow to arrive and poor lighting outside made it awkward to order .
i 've been here several times and i always get great service .
love love love !
poor frank would probably be disappointed in the dirty orange carpeting too .
barely ?
it 's our favorite family cold treat .
this place is great !
never again will i bring my child here not even for her follow up .
great service friendly people to chat with while i waited !
i promise you wo n't be upset if you go see emily !
enjoy the ride folks !
got sushi was great !
great hospitality at this resort !
i could n't even eat it , so gave to my bf .
service is terrible !
the bartenders make you feel welcome !
will not be back .
however , the venue is n't the best by any means .
find any other place in scottsdale .
i walk in and sit down , wait , then wait some more .
all i ate was the bbq chicken pizza and thought it was tasty .
thank u for dinner zipps !
so it 's a chain .
the building is old and yuck .
great place !
i have really really loved everything i have tried here .
mike is very knowledgable and friendly .
somehow this still does n't work that well .
this is a great company .
had no choice really so had this done .
the way i was treated by the hostess made me turn around and leave .
i love this place !
his massages are equally amazing and the best i 've ever had .
this place is amazing !
i have referred many family and friends and will continue to refer people .
this is my go to spot for any type of italian food .
very friendly staff .
beer still warm and service slow .
wasted $ , wasted evening .
i just think there is better out there .
eat at the bar !
they always deliver the food quickly and hot .
the planes pull right up to the cafe and park .
would recommend them to everyone i know !
best chicken enchiladas anywhere !
the hummus and eggplant appetizer was very good , with the bread .
after i had chosen from the extremely limited color selection , my pedicure started .
my daughter went in for her wisdom teeth to be pulled back in june .
amazing mexican food !
awful , awful , awful .
this place was great .
the garlic edamame was really good .
i do n't like to give bad reviews .
in season items and a great fresh dried bean section .
i found the food to be very good and the help very friendly .
this place just lost all of my future business over a $ _num_ return .
i 'm so disappointed in this place .
waste of money .
food is just ok not real mexican flavor as they advertise .
service is great .
however , after eating here for some time i had to stop .
staff is friendly .
he promptly picked us up and got us dropped off way ahead of time .
ambiance was fun .
the tasting was completely worth the cost and we will definitely be back !
what a terrible , terrible experience .
the outside patio is nice .
then , we ordered our food and waited another _num_ minutes .
update as of august , _num_ .
the food is in large portions and fantastic quality .
everything is grand .
so for good food and a little relaxation ... hit the tavern !
nothing but great things to say about , '' my great home !
this hotel gets the job done .
is n't that their job to serve in a timely manner ?
being late , being stupid , and being wrong ?
kinda over priced but always taste good .
nice staff .
but never the less , the burger was still delicious as ever !
this place is a treasure in old town scottsdale !
he insisted i put my bag in the back of the van .
i wish i could give _num_ stars .
same great food , slightly cheaper pricing and quicker service .
if it gets longer than _num_ minutes , i would just go somewhere else .
okay , so i did n't thoroughly research this nail place prior to going .
very excellent experience and we do n't hesitate to recommend them .
as arby 's go , this one is a bit above the rest .
there was no effort made to contact me and no apologies offered .
plus , he said the meat was chewy and low quality .
the service was n't that great and my tacos were very greasy .
great food , fresh , flavorful .
i really enjoyed eating at the breakfast club .
sat at the sushi bar and everything we ordered was very good .
service is wonderful .
of course i 'm not going to with that attitude .
this was _num_ years ago .
the bad news ?
horrible company , dishonest pricing - do not hire .
their kung pao chicken was soggy .
sushi happy hour is the hidden secret .
are you not at work ?
super nice guys .
their service has alway been great .
delicious food !
great place , a bit off the beaten path but still near old town .
the food is very good and inexpensive .
i will not go back there .
love love love !
the breakfast this morning was not the best .
would absolutely go again !
the food here sucks .
they have that moroccan oil which is really popular right now for hair care .
great to stop in after the morning rush hour crowd .
$ _num_ parking across the street .
i do not need to steal anything .
the happy family is amazing and my dish of choice .
very knowledgeable and polite with great inventory .
i kid you not , peas , and lots of them .
i dig the atmosphere , good music , cool staff .
unfortunately , i have never had that here .
my filets are always to die for !
still a great place .
i highly recommend this place .
they also have freshly made drinks that are refreshing !
amazing speciality rolls ; hurricane and nacho mama were delicious .
the food here is wonderful .
god , that was a mistake .
pack _num_ adults into the venue and you can hardly breathe .
i asked them what their delivery fee was , they said $ _num_ .
the potatoes from dinner taste like boxed potatoes and not seasoned well .
great customer service when i went in .
we ( me plus _num_ ) get there and they are super busy .
it is ridiculously good !
that was ridiculous !
for pricing i 'll share : $ _num_ for jumbo washers , the largest .
i wo n't go back .
one of the worst meals i 've had .
i am so happy i go to this salon .
it 's very uncomfortable .
a great meal in a great part of mesa .
staff friendly and knowledgeable .
this place sucks .
the food was lacking as well .
this team has made my life better each time i visit .
their tzatziki is very good ... .
but we wo n't be coming back .
i walked out and did n't finish the pedi .
plus you will be supporting a local business .
that chocolate dome is freaking amazing .
i 've always had good customer service .
the employees are always super helpful and the selection is great .
i will be back !
service was enthusiastic and well done .
love it !
my family and i love this restaurant .
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .
new friends are just around the corner ... god bless the usa !
i was n't going to dare say anything .
humble , clean and holy .
he pushed me enough to feel my workout and made it fun !
they are honest and amazing at their repair work .
it 's still a solid choice for asian food .
i love their food .
i really appreciate office max at this location .
nice patio to eat on too !
did n't offer reduced check , dessert or anything .
no wonder this place has all one star reviews .
omg , what a waste of time , lies and horrible customer service !
sorry , but my experience was not what most of yours was .
she is always booked , so make sure you book ahead of time !
old fashion charm .
do you think it was because of the _num_ star yelp reviews ?
definitely going again in the near future .
worst experience ever here !
nice little place but rude staff .
no silverware or napkins were brought out .
customer service : _num_ star .
office staff was extremely nice and caring .
the worst i 've had in years .
consider yourself warned .
may be the best retail sales person i 've ever met .
i waited at the counter for _num_ minutes before i asked for help .
love supporting local business .
's review before writing mine and my story is pretty much the same !
barely ate any .
( i feel like i 'm listening to the charlie brown teacher perform . )
the service staff was professional and knowledgeable .
look forward to being a regular !
food is good .
the juice even made the fries soggy !
this place is a must go to chill and drink good wine .
florida and california eat our heart out .
nothing special .
amazing fresh food and on the spot import deli meats and cheeses .
terrible service .
he looked at me like i did it or something .
the a/c unit was loud and it did keep me up .
this did not feel like a _num_ star hotel at all .
focaccia rolls are another favorite , especially the buffalo chicken one .
food is excellent .
chips and salsa are great !
hotel is very clean and the prices were reasonable .
thumbs up !
i was n't impressed , but rather underwhelmed .
so , i drank it anyways because i am not the arguing type .
the baked garlic shrimp are delicious and so is their french onion soup .
i pretty much always get the prime rib .
just awesome food and service ... thank you !
great food , great pricing and quick , friendly delivery .
had a really good time since it was happy hour .
however , the prices are very reasonable for lunch .
we then ordered the volcano roll ... absolutely horrible .
in keeping with chain restaurants style , the food is very unimpressive .
great views .
the head clerk asked me not to talk this way to the clerk .
james elliot is the most wonderful jewelry store !
this place is always full , but never any real wait for a table .
regardless of the price , i 'll still go back .
nice charming and delicious food .
i love this brake masters !
fantastic thai restaurant with delightful flavors .
great neighborhood bike shop .
the staff are very attentive and do very well considering the vast wine list .
so i stopped turned around and insisted that i speak to a manager .
the service was even better .
i will return again and again .
visited on new years eve and had a great experience .
unfortunately , i will be back .
they just brought it out in a to-go box with no explanation .
and `` our '' waitress is so the best !
thanks a million !
today i had a similar experience as joey .
i love their smoothies and their staff is always so helpful and kind !
overall , this place has been great .
the buffet pizza and wings were really good .
good clean resturant with lots of menu choices .
horrible service right from the start .
crazy good .
stayed here two nights on a week long vacation .
absolutely love this place !
took _num_ minutes from arrival to being served .
also a great place to watch a game or play some darts .
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .
they really went above and beyond and make you feel very special .
it is supposed to be a kid friendly restaurant .
then to add insult to injury they charged me $ _num_ for the potatoes !
luv it luv it luv it !
everything is smooth , efficient , and friendly .
this pf changs , like most others , is fairly reliable .
a miniature bread bowl filled with mayonnaise .
just did n't care for it too much .
it got to me way faster !
hummus was awesome and kabob was really good .
nice scenery , good wine , great pizza .
i appreciate the kindness you have showed today !
there was a choice of soup or salad .
first off service was horrible !
mongolian beef is awesome .
this is one of the best hidden gems in phoenix .
ok $ _num_ off the next .
this is not one of them .
my husband and i visited ra for happy hour .
they deserve zero stars .
at $ _num_ you can see why i call it my guilty pleasure !
the staff is friendly .
escargot was only item worth recommending .
service nevertheless was super fast and we were in and out within _num_ minutes .
i think i found a new fave spot .
a _num_ year old could have made it .
this is our spot for sport watching in the hood .
it 's soooooo good !
got chips and salsa for a starter and had red enchiladas for the entree .
the service was very good and the atmosphere was warm and cozy .
delicious , greasy , fat , juicy burgers !
sunset here makes everything all right in the world .
thank you !
the post he put in was too big and too deep .
everything is great !
you would be hitting everyone .
big disappointment .
grazie 's is fantastic .
i will continue coming here .
terrible !
so one saturday night we decide to hit it up .
i will honestly say it was hands down amazing .
decent service .
after removing the bones there was _num_ bites of chicken .
the food is outstanding and so is the service .
customer service is most excellent at this store !
probably the worst customer service that i have ever experienced .
they gave me $ _num_ off .
they make their bread , boars head meats are great .
love the unique outdoor and indoor space !
he was cool .
this is a really neat place to see concerts and go to odd events .
very happy she did .
no problem with my drink .
our mistake was not going down there to see their stock !
great salad .
win win ... .
we had a great dining experience at bandera .
i recommend this place .
this place has like ... _num_ or _num_ tables ... .
dog did great , and every one was friendly and fantastic as usually .
ps : bartender of _num_ years !
doug and joy bracken did it again.
great deal !
great scottsdale haven .
overall i would recommend this place .
great sports bar with wall to wall tvs !
it went straight to the trash can .
enjoyed the steak .
to think of all the money the team spent at that place !
disappointing service all around .
worse service ever .
i know i was here years ago and it was not bad .
the only good thing about this place is that the wi-fi is free .
front office people are always friendly .
i dunno ... was not feeling it at all .
wrong !
this place is awesome for happy hour .
but there was not .
i 'm sad to say that super burrito `` fell off '' .
will definitely be back !
four peaks , you need to train your employees on general people skills .
i highly recommend them for all your style needs !
think _num_ or _num_ or even _num_ times before going there .
either way , we 'll definitely go back !
will definitely be ordering front them again .
they tried other upscale items too .
great variety .
the food was fantastic .
the burro was okay , not great .
they didnt ship it out til three days later .
it 's a definite must !
i do n't feel like the meal was worth any where near that .
levels were n't set properly .
sooo unbelievably rude .
it made me immediately want to cancel my tanning membership .
quick friendly service .
he was challenging and not at all helpful .
i will not be coming back anytime soon .
are you kidding me ?
as usual , i went onto to yelp and looked at reviews .
i 'm a huge fan of their coconut soup with shrimp .
the restaurant was awesome experience .
i would n't even recommend these apartments to my worst enemy !
our waiter aj was great .
nice .
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .
but this has really gone down hill .
he let me in my storage and he just walked away .
she was not attentive at all .
great view , really good food , nice asian theme to the food .
murphy , at the bar did n't .
horrible idea !
great food !
another favorite place of ours .
my favorite restaurant !
their roasted red pepper hummus is the best i 've ever had .
worst panda location ... staff is rude and do n't care .
the selection of eyewear is excellent .
this is the worst bar to goto .
love it and they have a great happy hour !
i always love the small local mexican restaurants around town .
delicious , home quality german food , prepared to order .
it 's hard to find decent chinese food in the valley .
he always does a great job and prices are fair .
the drinks were nice and strong .
the carnitas looked good and my friend said he enjoyed them .
they have italian classics to sandwiches ( and desserts ! )
atmosphere is relaxed .
as usual the appointments went fantastic !
the dessert was $ _num_ , the experience left a bad taste .
helpful .
this place hit the spot .
everyone was laughing and she had no idea that the joke was on her .
this is one of our favorite places to take out of towners .
the naan wasnt like a naan at all but more like tandoori roti .
we also had the scallops and they were good .
i will be back !
excellent customer service !
thank you todd for making our evening very special !
it will take you places you 've never been .
there was no time to enjoy anything .
it was still delicious though .
the fried rice tasted like smoke from burnt oil .
i do n't think so and i will never go back here again .
food was great !
the chairs were very close together and a foot behind me was another party .
recommend to all my family and friends !
it almost never has another customer , for reasons that are pretty clear .
if he visits the salt cellar his first stop should be the kitchen .
i love goodwill stores in general so i knew what to expect of course .
ordered eggs benedict but they had sold out !
the food was n't greasy and i actually enjoyed it .
great friendly staff and completely made my day by being so quick .
the marinated flank steak was delicious with the sweet soy garlic dipping sauce .
susie is so professional and quick .
never realized what a hidden gem it was .
but there is neither , just excuses .
well worth it .
old school and awesome !
and _num_ was all we were going to get .
cranky old man who has been in the business too long .
if i could leave zero stars i would .
my friend and i really enjoyed ourselves and i will be back again .
thank you !
it was n't bad but it was n't good .
the kids really enjoyed those , as well as the little outdoor garden .
awesome service ... on a sunday .
yummy breakfast !
fifty dollars for what ?
is customer service completely lost ?
the owner already knows us !
icecream is of course good but every now and then it 's freezer burned .
terrific .
love this place !
this place has the best chips and salsa in town period !
thank you for your outstanding representation matt !
the food here is excellent .
i never could find them and i really wanted to check those out .
several entree choices and no more baked potatoes .
someone needs to know how the store is managed .
this restaurant offers something for everyone .
i would recommend them to everyone !
i just love this store !
that being said , the food here made me ill , literally .
the wings are good !
i found the coach house refreshingly tacky and delightful .
we will definitely come back .
ignored me .
they would apologize and say it would be handled in 5-10 business days .
when my food arrived , i quickly found out .
takeout porterhouse steak was way undercooked , like half raw .
impeccable service .
the tom ka gai is really good here as well .
my friend and i both had margaritas and loved them as well !
super random but super cute , friendly and delicious !
she was incredible for my brazilian wax .
they all love animals .
the food is pretty fast , and always tasty .
most of all , my kids love going !
food was amazing from the house salad to the entrees !
i 'll definitely come back to lenny 's to satisfy my frequent burger cravings .
the cheese bagels are the best around .
food is always delicious .
the crowd was excellent and the comedians were all pretty funny .
keep up the good work !
it would have been useful to have one .
stated they would call when it was in , probably friday .
the interior definitely needs some updating but overall still a decent atmosphere .
save your money and learn from my mistake !
i drove all over the shopping center and did not see any sign whatsoever .
i thought that was nice because he spent the time to talk to us .
the service is very good hear you can relax and feel at home !
the patio was closed , for no good reason .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .
the staff was kind and considerate and loving as well .
so i showed up and nothing was ready to go .
_num_ bucks for a six pack at this shit hole ?
great historic place that looks like it has never changed since it opened .
i wo n't stay here again unless absolutely necessary .
i had dinner here last week and loved the food .
awesome place !
the famous zipps golden wings , yes !
the wine list continues to amaze me every time i go in .
service is always great too .
she did seem a bit too `` happy '' .
everything was tasty , and i brought a bunch of stuff home .
paid for at the time of ordering .
i hate being treated like an animal .
seriously , some of the best food i 've ever had .
they treat you like family once your there .
one of our personal favorites on the menu is the green mary lou .
for those interested in visiting this part of town i highly recommend this hotel .
i love the updated menu as well .
we 've been there many times and the food and service is always excellent !
this place is one of our favorites .
just a fun environment in there .
i will definitely be back !
she was on the paperwork but had never been there before .
food was wrong when it came out .
the food was fabulous and abundant .
i bought _num_ groupons for this restaurant & our 1st experience was horrible .
the best italian we 've found in mesa yet .
prices are very reasonable .
these guys are the best !
it is still large enough to be epic , and the acoustics are stellar .
the staff was very helpful and friendly .
i will definitely be going back !
i also had their fried oysters , both were wonderful and fresh !
highly recommended !
great selection of beers on tap .
will return next year !
awesome happy hour that goes everyday until 10pm .
love this place .
and the care and attention received for my animals is equal at both clinics .
coffee was fresh and the food hot .
my ultimate favorite .
everybody looked , but nobody said anything to me .
looking forward to lunch tomorrow so i can enjoy the leftovers .
i finally found a new go to hair stylist !
i have lived in phx forever and never knew about this fabulous gem !
i did n't realize you could mess up a pizza .
sort of disappointed and i wo n't go back .
the workers are very friendly , and the pool is very clean .
i had the four cheese omlette , which was absolutely amazing .
she made our experience !
we ordered a variety of dishes and they were all good .
best of all , they had a sample pair of my contacts in stock !
the service is always on point , especially considering how crowded it usually is .
it sells out super fast so you know that its amazing .
highly recommend this to people visiting the scottsdale area .
but yesterday i was thoroughly disappointed .
i also got _num_ piece box of boneless chicken too .
this zipps is my favorite one .
on our second visit , we met grandma .
fried rice is amazing ... ... .
helpful and beyond friendly !
sit outside if you can , it 's beautiful out .
guests still talk about my wedding night , and how good the food was .
a few hours later another chips as i am driving .
wish i could do _num_ stars .
very inviting place inside and helpful staff .
excellent service !
i will recommend them to friends & family .
our first time here , we came because of all the great review .
great place !
no wonder there was bad service .
i am an angry customer who do n't felt being treated correctly .
_num_ diamonds were missing from my band .
the food is really good , the meatballs are homemade !
my _num_ year old will eat everything off both our plates !
both dishes were outstanding .
it was very bad experience .
whole in the wall but delicious .
not good at all .
had a little bit of a wait , but not too long .
love it !
it would then take a second to get up & go again .
and every experience has been a positive one .
i wish i could give it zero stars .
so delish !
the sprint girls was calling , oscar !
they not only looked impressive in size but so delicious .
totally recommend .
i 'd recommend this tailor to any of my friends .
perfect spot to shop for gift !
we ended up not buying any tickets to ride the rides .
and if you do , do n't go to four peaks .
but i mean it 's a motel _num_ .
so good !
completely terrible service .
service and food was amazing .
i would n't recommend it .
food was not good .
this was the biggest waste on money .
this is a negative review warning people that they auto gratuity your check .
bad customer service and subpar food .
the last one was the absolute worst .
it 's friendly and nicely decorated .
great go to spot .
i tried his steak and that was pretty good too , cooked just right .
thanks to him my teeth feel fabulous .
freshly made pineapple juice !
they were so flavorful and yummy !
for fast cheap mexican food this place is the best !
over the years , i 've bought countless gifts here !
love this office .
first of all the price was excellent and shipping was quick and free .
badly infested with roaches and crime in unbelievably high .
great food , ambience and friendly , attentive service !
wings are good too .
it 's so refreshing !
i found this place after one of those midnight cravings .
loved it !
attentive and seems like the locals love them .
and then a cockroach walked across my table !
will continue to be a regular .
great service .
they should have comped that pizza .
definitely one of my favorite breakfast spots .
what was i thinking ?
i 'm no bbq expert , but the food at steakhouse was forgettable .
this place is ridiculous .
disappointed by charleston 's reputation .
an er is rarely going to run super smooth but this one was great .
now that they accept credit cards it makes it so much better !
i get it almost every week and the service is excellent fast and efficient .
i love the retro feel of this place .
my daughter likes cinnamon & raisin and i like cinnamon & sugar .
another great experience at malee 's !
please talk to your cleaning crew .
captain and crew made the trip very enjoyable .
the waiter was horrible .
both items were bland and over cooked .
whoever orders for health and beauty sucks and should be fired .
best steak ever .
i ca n't believe the great reviews this place gets .
a group of gals hit this place for a late lunch on a friday .
this place is great .
the metro center discount tire is my favorite location .
save your money & your patience .
i stood at the empty counter and waited .
keep in mind i only want the one kind of donut .
the cheese used on the omelets is tasteless .
i was in on february _num_ , _num_ .
this place is horrible .
my love handles thank you bosa !
i had an order of oysters one day and it was ... amazing !
the check was brought over and we never saw the waitress again .
amazing food .
no seating .
awesome set of guys .
i never want to go to this hospital again .
authentically quaint italian grocery spot in the south side of scottsdale .
needless to say we did not stay .
nice clean hotel with good amenities .
the bill finally came , she had overcharged us for the calzone .
service was very good .
all the ladies were wonderful , beautiful outside and inside .
so freaking good !
terrible attitude .
best sushi in az hands down .
thanks .
definitely a stop during the weekly groceries !
i love eating donut and this place have a fresh and high quality donuts .
what a terrible place to go bowling .
excellent food .
definitely the best place to grab a bite in old town scottsdale !
friendly service .
we enjoyed the prix fixe menu and opted for mimosas to be included .
i hate to say it , but seriously ?
horrible customer service !
my husband and i visited this past weekend for the second time .
to the delivery lady - you rock !
this place is really popular and loved for a reason .
them : sorry , our whipped cream machine is broken .
nice atmosphere .
lines & waiting - i did n't have to wait at all .
i would come back the check person was very nice .
salads are very good and a meal in themselves .
nice atmosphere , good for romance or business .
the staff was attentive and made good suggestions .
anyway , the food is always satisfying for the family and the wallet !
these guys are solid and down to earth .
plus , he got his _num_ % tip !
their parking lot is garbage .
great , professional and fair service !
he took the time and it really made a huge difference .
i felt a huge welcoming , like a feeling when your with family .
this place is disappointing and everybody who works there is useless .
they have happy hour when balls are cheaper and they sell beer .
but it 's still open _num_ hours .
service was slow and it was n't even busy .
these guys helped me out .
thank you guys for changing my mind !
zizzo is top notch !
bad policy change .
none of the curries taste like curry .
you wont be disappointed ; ) great food , friendly staff !
hitch has been working great .
i will definitely be back !
she is so patient and answers my long list of questions .
quick service and friendly .
ambience and food is amazing !
glad i only had to stay one night because this place was awful .
i had the best experience here yesterday morning .
even the miso soup tasted like dirty salt water .
we especially like the fresh fish options on the daily specials .
wallpaper peeling off of wall .
but , im taking away a star for cleanliness .
the doctors are very nice and the staff knows there stuff .
waitress seemed bothered by us and checked us once our meals were finished .
the carpet looks like it has n't been cleaned in _num_ years .
in fact , i consistently get better food and service at red robin .
so disappointed .
if you take your kids here they will enjoy it .
the pizza was great and the the pick up service was polite .
simply one of the best antique malls i 've visited .
i love that place !
definitely very surprised at this place !
love it !
cute place , nice people , great food - good cactus league watching place !
you can cook an entire pizza more quickly than little bites of dough ?
great ambience and people watching too .
great family run full service auto repair and tire center .
also the one time i did get fried chicken from this location ... .
the store is disorganized and confusing and as i mentioned above , too small .
suzanne was very friendly and easy to work with .
beware this place will rip you off !
do n't waste your time !
good wine list .
this was a great 1st experience at this sushi restaurant .
she said she was n't and then just walked away again .
also the cannoli are great too , so take some home .
i love this place !
always a great place to stop and eat .
a hidden gem in scottsdale .
ingredients tasted very fresh and flavorful .
the cheesecake was extraordinary and of course , so was the tiramisu !
i would n't go back .
great italian deli and market .
my mom claims the best .
just about the best chinese buffet i 've had .
great prices !
i always check every possible competitor before i am forced to shop here .
the staff are friendly and attentive .
so i have gone here several times and i love this place !
now , this was not for two pieces and a drink and a side .
just got some pizza take out for dinner , nothing crazy .
thanks dave and crew !
everything was very good .
but _num_ in a row ... .
this place is amazing !
so disappointing , other locations are significantly better .
food is good a decent steak and martini .
this is great restaurant .
you purchased an absolute crap hole .
i am proud to h ave this cultural icon in mesa .
the lack of customer service is horrendous !
delicious food !
the pork was not crispy at all !
one gentleman purchased chips and a hotdog .
always moist and flavorful , and served with a smile !
i definitely recommend people to try this place !
quaint little place hidden in mesa az .
very pleased !
i have received great service every time i 've gone here .
the staff was very attentive and friendly .
i did not see any reason to go in there .
oh how i love this store .
front _num_ is meh but i love the back .
pretty much made our dining experience very unpleasant .
i went this morning to wash my own car .
great outdoor seating .
this is a nice starbucks .
hey guy ' do denver a favor and open a place up here !
the service was so fast and the workers were very kind !
it was n't bad , but it was n't really good either .
so yummy !
i am stuck here until the end of november .
very very disappointing !
what a amazing place with a romantic patio outside with a waterfall .
delicious , fun breakfast spot .
forget asking to split checks , they refused to do it for us .
after _num_ minutes of waiting i hung up .
the service is always first class and very friendly .
capital t for terrible .
sean and the crew at unique car audio are the best !
the waiter was completely irritated by every question we asked .
so the owner is waiting on tables .
there is no personality to this part of the store at all .
the spicy tuna roll was unbelievable ... and not in a good way .
tasted decent , but very bland .
family owned restaurants are delightful and this one is no exception !
salmon done perfectly .
had a great experience at penske .
the pizza and service was really good .
the food is great and has a little bit of everything .
really really good !
i recommend this place .
pastries are good and i know i will go back .
love their chorizo and egg breakfast .
the food was good but not worth the _num_ hour lack of service .
everything about this place is disappointing !
service is awful !
i felt so uncomfortable .
not anymore !
officially my new favorite pizza place and go to for all things delicious .
perfect place for a special occasion .
how the hell does a staple end up in an appetizer ?
one of the worst experiences i 've had at a restaurant .
this place rocks !
this is an excellent breakfast place .
hard working baristas and always friendly .
thai pan has the most amazing thai noodles and curries !
no grass , crappy environment .
thanks to the giants organization for a great weekend .
btw it is expensive and we had no drinks either .
great taste .
went here for sisters birthday last wednesday and we all had a great time !
the posole here is the best around .
the standard rice and beans sides were very forgettable .
even their steamed veggies are amazing .
the menu is not entirely unique , but everything seems fresh and home made .
they also said it could be something else that cost _num_ .
unfortunately , the service is deplorable .
generally , i 'll avoid if at all possible .
i stood there for _num_ minutes .
perhaps if there were people that actually worked , they 'd have more patrons .
i guess that is an odd request at this establishment .
food packed with lots of fresh vegetables and great flavors .
this place is awesome !
absolutely fantastic service .
i said no thanks .
they are a tad on the expensive side but i will always come back .
the more important part is you will receive a good haircut .
it 's interesting to see all of _num_ stars and below .
would highly recommend them !
why was my burger grey ?
server never once came to check on my or refill my drink .
the children love it there and we could n't be happier .
a chandler institution , the food is great , service is awesome .
in particular leslie rocks , always a pleasure to visit with her .
our absolute favorite .
amazing service !
thank you steve !
when i asked what was the follow-up , she said there was none .
bottom line : there are better places , and there are worse .
another great thing i have found in scottsdale .
the drivers door window would not work .
thank you laura !
i highly recommend chandler eyecare .
dr. rick is awesome as well !
the server kept our drinks full .
the lo mein has horrible , bland , no flavor even with extra sauce .
went with my wife and son , ordered three different dishes and shared .
great atmosphere in the store because its family owned .
priceline does n't care about our concerns and neither does the hotel .
excellent !
these guys are really great !
very nice and genuine guy .
i guess new ownership does n't care about loyal customers !
this is not a complaint against just this particular walmart !
we will never return , and will strongly advise against eating there .
very friendly and easy to work with .
there was n't anyone there so they set up a table for us .
the bbq salmon is amazing !
went for the first time tonight and absolutely loved it .
after a family emergency , i had to cancel my appointment at this resort .
love this course !
excellent food , excellent sevice even with _num_ people in our party .
mike , the manager , was very pleasant .
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .
the waiter was extremely rude .
when the food arrived , it was simply lacking .
awesome place !
and then there was the food ... absolutely amazing !
best kept secret in town .
our family was very happy when we found this hidden gem .
i strongly recommend that you make an appointment with arnold for your hair !
my favorite place in scottsdale .
they looked like i lost my mind when i complained and left !
very interesting toppings , very italian .
i also posted pictures but they too are gone .
overpriced , mediocre food and drinks .
we ordered _num_ waters , a pepsi , and a margarita .
service was unremarkable - drinks were refilled but she was mia quite a bit .
really nice .
and the staff was okay , if not a little inexperienced .
zero complaints with his work .
fail .
i love the place !
they are so nice and i will definitely be back many more times .
there is nothing better in az .
they 're also really nice .
the atmosphere and staff are really great here .
i recommend checking it out if you have n't been there .
but the worst thing is the owner .
the live accordion player was a really nice touch as well .
i would stick w appetizers and sandwiches .
i got the thick cut fries , thinking they 'd be good ... wrong .
no more !
not only are we disgusted at the nasty bug !
love this hotel !
great energy and atmosphere !
definitely one of the best thai places in greater phoenix !
the spa facilities are probably my favorite of all the resorts here .
amazing evening with friends .
oh yeah this place is so good !
they were decently shaped ( nothing special ) but the clean up was atrocious .
my family has a curious history with the mesa arts center .
everything is so stylish , so beautiful , so incredible .
amazing !
the food is always great , and the margaritas are tasty , and cheap .
thank goodness we did !
first time i got the powder color tips and i 'm absolutely impressed .
very tasty .
i also love the big humidor .
my boyfriend got their french toast which looked great as well !
food is awesome , staff is friendly and attentive .
do not waste your time !
wow chimi that is deep fried .
great people watching and good food in oldtown !
the service was great and everyone was so friendly .
the absolute worst denny 's ever .
horrible room .
this is one of our favorite neighborhood spots .
the best fun you 'll ever have .
anything they say , ask in writing .
everything was wonderful .
absolutely ridiculous !
was very pleased with the wash and service .
highly recommend if you are looking for unique native jewelry and other decor !
i also had a cup of the cappuccino and really enjoyed it .
chicken was dry and it could have used flavor .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .
i loved our waitress .
oh one more thing this place hates cell phones .
we were the only ones there but the service was still fantastic .
terrible customer service !
order - which we threw in the trash because it was inedible .
the pre fix menu is amazing , every course worth the experience .
i would definitely recommend this restaurant - great atmosphere and even better food !
so happy that they are here to stay .
best gas stations eva !
the go-to place for very good steaks .
$ _num_ to dry clean a ladies suit jacket ?
it 's a highlight to a trip to the phoenix area .
rude .
not worth it for bland food that makes you sick .
it 's a quick go to meal .
the wait staff is lazy and never asks if we need anything .
i was thoroughly impressed .
the new guys in town !
i ordered the meat lovers and it was amazing !
terrible management .
i had such a wonderful experience !
enjoy !
missing the board .
the food is awful .
the carne adovada was wonderful .
the fish tacos were under seasoned portions of mahi mahi .
great location and i absolutely love their popcorn shrimp and dipped cones .
awesome food !
meatballs did n't taste like they were made on site .
food is quite pricey ( no surprise here ) .
we really loved the interior .
i do n't care what the food and beer is like .
wonderful steak , no questions asked .
she was wonderful as well .
wife & i are their biggest fans !
also to note are the reasonable prices .
this is one of the best medical experiences i have ever had .
great service .
until the past _num_ weeks there were no problems .
the staff is always friendly and eager to please .
a zero is appropriate here but is n't a choice .
he has done my oil changes almost ever since i got my car .
this place is an amazing divey gem !
you just lost _num_ good customers .
the staff is always friendly and professional .
amazing waitress .
run down room decor , no hair dryer in bathroom .
great happy hour menu !
excellent .
really the only good thing about this place is the location .
stay far away from this place .
the sales people here are terrible .
i love to support these smaller chains !
its amazing .
if i could give this place zero stars i would .
weeks later and numerous phone calls later , they never did .
this is coming from someone that eats lunch out _num_ times a week .
we really like the service and the quality of the home we looked at .
gon na keep this really simple because i 'm tired .
prices are high & do not get much for the price .
the service from victoria our server was beyond impeccable .
a nifty drive thru if you 're into that kinda thing .
i love the grocery portion of store as well !
just pathetic right ?
and the staff is nice and very attentive to my needs .
the ambiance is very fun and casual with sports memorabilia everywhere .
honest and fair priced .
i have no idea how this place has a four star rating .
i gave my $ _num_ coupon to the birthday group and we left .
karaoke on tuesday and thursday and saturday night rocks !
you are really not helping anyone anymore .
i agree he is very rude & surly .
food is an amazing balance of funky and phenomenal .
it 's not sanitary !
sat with my wife and friends , everything we ordered was fantastic .
patio seating or inside with nice big windows all around .
the gravy is thick and packed with sausage .
the service is great !
: - [ could have paid less money and time somewhere else .
got a sandwich for lunch and it was very tasty .
this place is also just so much fun to walk around in .
great service , tasty food , and world class jazz happening in the lounge .
the rice was mushy , however the beans were okay .
she is competent and thorough .
very delicious , super clean , and extremely polite !
this place is one of my favorites .
the chips and salsa were just okay .
and , served on a paper plate , with a plastic knife and fork .
these folks are amazing !
wow !
total waste of money .
it 's not the biggest , but it definitely has a great selection !
the surroundings were amazing along with fantastic service and stellar food .
not good !
first of all the service is unmatched .
got hit with another $ _num_ bill .
the gym here is great !
the staff is always helpful , compassionate , and friendly .
needless to say , i did n't go back .
it 's fun for a date , friends , or to-go !
amazing office with amazing staff .
christopher has transformed my whole family !
this is my favorite mexican restaurant in the world .
unfortunately , nothing else is .
the girls are all super hot and definitely worth going and taking a look .
the chilled pesto shrimp are excellent .
this once is poorly managed .
in addition the free wifi was not working .
and she was right !
i had planned a _num_ night stay here but checked out after one .
also for keeping me entertained while i walked around the shop .
pep boys tries to rip you off .
my wife had the crab cakes and loved them .
as with most fast food joints , this mcdonalds is hit or miss .
great wax and pedicure - personalized service .
my favorite mexican food restaurant .
very gross .
razz is a true chef .
very clean and well stocked with a ton of things to browse .
one of the friendliest guys you 'll ever meet , to boot !
the atmosphere is relaxing and enjoyable .
pretty good .
a great experience every visit !
would not recommend .
it was n't really bad .
calzone , great .
there was an overpowering ginger flavor that ruined the bisque .
_num_ folks were sitting at the small bar .
very annoying .
awesome service .
the service and food is good .
it is busy all night .
definitely recommend !
i was very disappointed at the cleanliness of this restaurant .
thanks garry , from mrs late , cell phone user !
which makes me happy !
my compressor was fine , it was a fan motor !
lazy staff !
also , walk around the property .
totally ignored by both the manager and the employees .
i live near this place and its the best place to take visitors !
the draft beer was flat and we returned that .
so fry 's is amazing !
i had only previously been here for dinner ( which was also great ! )
the have great frozen coffee .
no no no .
they do n't hustle to help you or make orders .
the chicken and sauce were good but seriously ?
best place for breakfast !
yes please .
the service was awesome & the price is right .
not as good as before .
i bought a car and the service and experience was great !
very well seasoned and cooked .
it was good , extremely reminiscent of the frozen garlic bread .
they are truly good at their job !
we always get wonderful service and have a good time .
this is n't the first time i 've had issues with this sonic .
delicious .
cheap fun place with a great happy hour , and pbr special .
my stylist , jessica , really knows what she 's talking about .
first class auto lives up to its name .
when we went in to eat , we were treated so well !
damn good pizza !
the best things can come in small packages !
an estimate of _num_ day repair took over _num_ days .
thank you for welcoming us on short notice !
love the instructors !
i would highly recommend this restaurant .
the people that work here are super friendly !
the staff are horrible .
not just weak , nonexistent .
sadly , it 's not possible to put zero stars .
love , love , love the new look after the remodeling .
they also have great appetizers and their pasta really yummy too !
my beer and my other friend 's ice tea arrived quickly .
when we were finally served an hour later my meal was not not appetizing .
it was delicious , we will definitely return to the breakfast club !
they will tow your car .
the ordering via phone was unique and the service was quick and friendly .
my entire family loves this place !
it 's elegant yet casual .
i 'm definitely going to go back and give it a try .
she checked my cat and then gave her the shot .
best breakfast burritos in town .
he was friendly , helpful & very knowledgeable .
i will keep going back with every car i own .
food is always consistent .
thank you so much !
there are too many negatives to even consider giving this place a second chance .
it was well worth it .
at any rate , do n't go here .
the coffee is also very good unlike the car dealership 's coffee !
i am assuming she was not handled carefully enough .
my husband and i had such a good time .
love it !
towing is beyond reliable and fast .
instead , he insulted us .
the service is a bit sad .
this is a great little local place .
they have two to choose from , both are delicious !
and boy is it big and tasty !
also , i am naturally blonde , as in i have no eyebrows .
heck , i 'll have two !
the party pics are usually why people check it out .
they give you large helpings of food .
( there goes their tip ) .
the bartender was extremely rude and the security guy was even worse !
the juke box is amazing .
we love lots of creative , new cuisine , but not always .
i was so mad that i paid for horrendous food .
excellent food .
fantastic .
second time i 've been to the keg and enjoyed both times .
fun , laid back atmosphere .
the doctor listened and understood my needs and provided me with excellent care .
lunches were average to above average , and dinner was above average .
he is so professional and honest .
it 's so flavorful and tender .
our waitress was also very friendly and helpful .
their customer service is simply outstanding !
family owned authentic italian food .
do not rent here .
i highly recommend orange table !
but this place is so good i have to .
no service .
they are so encouraging .
i would n't play here again if you paid me $ _num_ .
had a wonderful experience here last night .
there were at least three servers and only ten tables .
venue is sooo beautiful !
customer service is awful .
a complete pleasure !
the display of art throughout the entire restaurant is very fun .
when i complained to the manager , he made excuses and was disrespectful .
then they are too big for the other fingers .
finally a lady grabbed a couple menus and just walked away without saying anything .
my favorite bar in the whole wide world !
this stuff is amazing .
by far , the worst music venue in the valley .
after every bite `` can i take that for you ?
their beans were pretty dry and nothing to get excited about .
i love razor cuts and she is great with the razor .
probably the best persian food in arizona .
i had a good experience working with katie .
one comment in my group was `` this is chandler , not scottsdale !
after reading the menu for _num_ minutes our waiter returned to take our order .
the eggs benedict are excellent .
alex assisted her and he did an awesome job as well .
needless to say , this place is definitely not recommended .
this place is a blast from the past !
the bakery and all of their tea 's are delicious !
this is not a place for pretty women .
i 've also had the tacos al pastor and they are very good .
the food was outstanding and reasonably priced for the quality .
wo n't ever be going back there again .
my first experience with kazimierz was pretty good .
courses are awesome and always have great rates .
happy hour provides some god deals on beer and wine so that helps .
if you want to be robbed go to gammage .
love this animal clinic !
homemade tortillas that are very good .
rates were always less than $ _num_ in peak season and that included tax .
nothing here to get excited about .
our apologies for any confusion this may cause .
the word is certainly too soft compare to the way she talked to me !
enjoyed my birthday pizza !
worst mcdonald 's ever !
then why did n't they put some in ?
we just had brunch there and bartender made the best blood mary .
i get to pick which test to do , no consultation !
she is very friendly and sweet with our dog bear .
they took my card and did n't give it back .
the ambience was ok ; the food bad .
we arrived and the hostess was rude and had no idea we were coming .
the perfect end to a thursday evening spent walking amongst the art in scottsdale .
they are super nice to work with and ship pretty much anywhere !
nice to enjoy great food and service in a family owned operation .
we ordered a chicago style deep dish pizza from here tonight .
they were soggy , so i did n't eat any of them .
and service is usually very good !
would def go back ; great spot !
i love this place .
the only thing i liked , honestly , was the bread and the wine .
i truly enjoyed the atmosphere .
consistently bad service for mediocre food and drinks .
here , they are everywhere and it 's great .
throughout the whole process scarlett and her assistant were very nice and professional .
do yourself a favor and spend your money somewhere else .
theyre outstanding !
do n't waste your time with this stylist .
i was a 1st time customer , as this location is in my neighborhood .
the atmosphere and service were fine but the food was disappointing .
omg the food was phenomenal !
i will definitely visit again in the future .
worse experience ever !
the food in this restaurant is authentic and of high quality .
delivery saved the hung over day !
the donuts were pretty good .
portions are very generous .
great place to live .
i do n't know why so many people recommend it .
also got the caprese salad - high quality delicious mozzarella 5/5 .
waste of money !
i had the lobster ravioli and it was perfect !
i love coming by just for these .
we get to the pool ... empty .
keep up the great work !
unfortunately , the service sucked .
the food and service here are always stellar !
do they really think that i am that dumb ?
i ordered a special , lobster risotto and it was superb .
every time i 'm in phoenix i will definitely be coming back .
at about _num_ minutes before the office opened .
overall , i do not think we will go here again .
she was very sweet and caring .
the food is among the best i 've ever tasted .
room spacious and room super clean i was impressed !
even the california roll i ordered was really bad .
well worth it in my opinion .
thanks !
do n't you just hate being wrong ?
these guys are great !
staff was great .
a nice place to take a date .
great little spot !
the blt is the best on the menu .
one of the worst experiences we have had in scottsdale .
awesome !
overall , it was n't offensive but i will never go back .
nice outdoor patio with misters for the heat !
the service technician was on time and was very professional .
food is delicious and great margaritas !
i would not even send my worse enemy to this dump !
another great breakfast place in scottsdale .
i and my family and friends are regulars .
highly recommended .
the guacamole that came with it was fresh and very tasty .
always saw this places packed and finally know why !
also their eyebrow ladies , laura and olga are amazing !
always has what you need !
i have sent maybe _num_ plates back in my adult life .
a tortilla factory and you only make flour tortillas in one size ?
liked the decor and atmosphere .
i do n't feel the quality is in this place .
i ca n't write a more honest review at this point .
then i went to buy sushi and the cashier was rude .
top notch all around !
my wife also had the salad bar and she said that was bad too .
the staff seems to be just as much as a pest !
just love the place .
chicken is excellent .
i get the chicken and rice bowl and it 's great .
if i could leave i would .
perfect hang over food , huge variety , super authentic .
they are super friendly and food is always right on !
the sauce was runny & too many onions .
heaven !
my friend and i come here often !
reasonably priced and delicious !
there was n't one and they had forgotten to set any aside .
it 's no wonder the place is usually abandoned .
tons of meat and the sauce is the best .
also the host , aaron , is great .
big mistake !
these people know nothing about customer service .
the happy hour here is pretty sweet .
my father has taken his car here for years and recommended it to me .
their artistry is always good .
been twice and everyone has really liked their meals .
for phoenix the food is pretty good .
this place is such a rip off .
i love that it is quick and easy in and out .
i 'll be back for more !
but something was definitely off .
not the prettiest place in the world , but food is excellent !
if it does , they do not make exceptions even for lifetime platinum members .
i highly recommend it .
he is absolutely amazing and very sincere .
oh well , i guess it 's my fault if i keep going back .
i loved the cute older women who work in the stands .
they did n't seem to be to busy .
i only got _num_ thing i ordered .
we love new asian kitchen !
so if you 're looking for a good burger , this is the place !
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .
this great clips location is conveniently located .
time to pick this mess up and take it into _num_ .
a great day !
i had steak and eggs , both were over cooked and dry .
i had a business dinner here this week , and was very happy .
however , the staff has gone downhill .
the prices are great for what you 're getting .
all in all a great place for some comfort food .
the steak has a great smoky taste to it.
they started doing my pedicure and stopped to take someone else .
katie went above and beyond for us !
had ribs and ham with amazing sides !
walking into this place i did not have high expectations at first glance .
this is one of the best day spas in scottsdale !
alan was great !
however , the service is not good .
i 'm raising my stars to a full five !
never will spend another dime at this place again !
bill is fast , friendly and honest .
we placed our entree order and our food was just ... bad .
for my money this is the best bean burrito in the world .
rules aside this place is amazing .
i strongly recommend them .
great flavors .
both , essentially calling us liars .
the beer was good .
only because i ca n't give zero stars .
it is similar to the crust used at peter piper pizza from childhood .
i make better alfredo sauce from scratch at home !
i will definitely be coming back .
that should be criminal .
the feedback from my team was exceptionally positive .
tasted excellent .
remember , this is new mexican food , and not traditional mexican food .
great quality , great service .
not once did he ask me how i felt , symptoms , etc .
great customer service .
found the dress she wanted and had a fun time doing it !
our pictures are gorgeous .
the parking situation is what gets me the worst .
i love love love my sister 's closet !
if you need a great hat , definitely check this place out .
amazing !
my daughter ca n't go to school because her birthday is on october .
it 's not much for `` new york '' style pizza .
thanks for all your help .
however , today i ordered from here and the food deserved zero stars .
what 's wrong with this picture ?
do n't give them your business , apparently they do n't need it .
whatever , no big deal .
adding cheese to burritos is a must !
the staff is very helpful .
that was _num_ weeks ago .
there could n't have been more than _num_ ?
great service .
i live about _num_ minutes from this great place !
perfect home cooked food !
perfect !
awesome !
patrons are very loud .
well , the groupon was for $ _num_ .
this place rocks !
the staff was very friendly and the restaurant was very clean .
however , shannon manages to do it perfect every time .
not looking so good here , we should have left .
at the time i did n't have time to wait for a remake .
she is the worst very rude .
well , i finally did it .
recommended by my love and she was truly correct .
this place is an unsafe dump .
it 's a little pricey but in my opinion it 's well worth it .
the steak is cooked to perfection .
the sauces have a very good taste !
be really careful using cruise america .
fine , sure , not at all what i wanted , but okay .
hands down the worst service i 've ever had today !
i 'm still loving defalco 's , maybe now more than before .
will not recommend or return .
would recommend everyone to stay here .
just replace it , it 's only _num_ bucks .
i definitely will come back when out this way .
the steak & eggs is freaking delicious !
simply amazing !
we went last tuesday night and it was packed but well worth the wait .
great food , great service !
_num_ dollars for a mens hair cut that 's subpar ?
unfortunately , the experience was not what i expected .
this gave me no life .
the staff here are very friendly and the atmosphere is clean and welcoming .
fred tuned my piano today .
the service is very good .
unacceptable .
it was so bad , it did n't even look like a sandwich .
the employee , however , started suggesting i rent or buy the student model .
i 'm still waiting for the outback manager to get back to me .
service and food not worth the wait .
the service was slow and the food did n't have any flavor .
i order the cheese enchiladas everytime , so good .
perhaps the best setting in the entire phoenix area .
the venue is beautiful !
o goodness was this place amazing .
check it out and try the hatch chile pizza - awesome !
had an appointment at 8am on a saturday .
maybe it was just the waitress we had but service this time was horrible .
horrible management .
highly recommend !
thanks dolly steamboat !
so try not to think about the fact that you paid to be here .
food was excellent with a variety of options to choose from .
and the hotel is so outdated and old .
we love coming here and bringing friends .
the waitress was really nice and attentive .
the manager comp 'd our drinks and said we were are free to go .
have n't been here in a while and service not good tonight .
the food is best described as boring .
bread was delicious as were our sides .
did i mention the service was horrible .
i was craving the classic : plain bagel toasted with plain cream cheese .
amanda is great .
great place !
filet was perfect .
you have to pay money to just sit in the chair , thats ridiculous !
this is a great place to hang out !
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .
no attempt was made to remove it .
super amazing cheese steak .
i loved this place .
we should have complained and left but we ate it and forever regret it .
trust me and check this place out .
rula : i do n't even know .
really an amazing place you all need to see .
for $ _num_ you do n't even get the dryer !
i did not receive all that i ordered .
i love the bread basket !
they are professional and efficient .
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?
awful ambiance and bad location .
two new york manhattan cut steaks and a prime rib .
the lamb was perfect , veal superb .
sports bar quality is was it is but this location is the worst !
awesome place .
needless to say i 'm very disappointed in the professional standards of this restaurant .
i also love the candies they give out at the door .
got nothing .
food is wonderful and not high priced considering you are at a festival .
this place is definitely a hidden jewel in the east valley .
i asked for coffee with sugar ... it 's not that difficult .
the drink prices are very reasonable too .
carlsbad tavern has an excellent alternative american cuisine menu .
the rest of their food is great too !
all of which should have been warning signs of what was to come .
would not recommend with or without a groupon , overpriced and not good food !
right in old town gallery area .
worth every penny .
i am going to call my insurance company and get towing through them .
would i visit there again ?
another great location !
when they suddenly they do n't deliver anymore because they are closed .
great place for tacos in mesa .
they gave me happy hour prices for drinks but not for my food .
lamb chops to steak , it 's all good .
thank you wendy .
service has always been good as well .
besides that i love this place .
it tasted like what you would think was boiled rubber !
i totally love cowboy ciao .
try it , and you 'll be amazed !
greg is the best !
great service !
the next morning it was coming out of both ends at the same time .
they often have some great vegetarian options as well.
this is a great little bar in scottsdale .
this place is amazing !
the employee looked like they were going to cry .
fool me once shame on you , fool me twice shame on me !
nothing about it was worth the time or the money .
this place is wonderful !
unbelievable .
and for dessert , their cheesecake is the best i have ever eaten .
the hash was amazing as well as the omelet .
the service was slow .
i will definitely be returning !
staff is very friendly and down to earth .
top notch !
it has really good burritos and nachos !
really great service !
they also make homemade fries and onion rings which was a plus .
the ambiance is comfortable , casual , and the service is really good .
this place has a lot of great things going on .
never a bad experience , i 'd recommend this location .
great service .
pizza was the worst !
do n't waste your time !
the food was just as good as mesa but the service is horrible .
wonderful priced tickets and concession prices are even lower than amc and harkins .
i had to call _num_ tonight because he could n't breath .
fun stuff !
it really was just awful though .
they are great and really know what they are doing .
besides why should they care , they already got my money !
food was mediocre but service was awful .
it 's amazing how delicious a simple bean and cheese burrito can be .
great pizza and salads !
i got to meet the owner and dance with a great group of people .
i gave this place another shot and ordered crispy pork with chinese broccoli .
their cocktails are delicious and ambiance is lively .
i would n't be surprised if this spot is called something else next year .
i would be very cautious to stay here .
i 'm glad this place is in my new home town .
i wish he just told me they were raw .
great lunch spot and great deli .
they make the dining in fun and welcoming .
thank you for the great service .
so they serve food after 2am ?
the menu was a list of specials hanging all over the walls .
we just left and we loved it !
it was good !
awesome flavored food .
_num_ months later i ordered a pair of prescription sunglasses .
i highly recommend defalco 's .
we had the soft shell crab roll and loved it .
he can make you feel like a new person .
employees friendly and on top of it .
this is the best used tire place in the east valley .
i was very disappointed and will not be returning .
location is well situated for getting into scottsdale .
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .
that concept has apparently not reached scottsdale road .
bosa is unique to chandler and we are lucky to have them .
i inform mike of a noise i 'm hearing coming from the drivers side .
very good .
the grounds outside are beautiful .
always an awkward and rude interaction at this place .
she then left the desk and me standing there .
this place has been around for a long time and i can see why .
the workers are courteous and truly care about their customers .
i call bs , and poor business practices .
this one , however , had seen better days i 'm sure .
i do not recommend to anyone .
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .
this place is a local gem .
eating at restaurant is equally good , staff always nice and good vibe .
i will never go there again and i suggest you do n't either .
i 'll return again soon .
after waiting _num_ minutes , she came out and asked me again .
the front office did n't care .
top-notch service , thanks guys !
very friendly atmosphere .
do n't expect much from this place .
great service , amazing atmosphere , and incredible food !
customer service is not great either .
you do n't have warranty with me .
the best breakfast !
while unique it was not something that i would try again .
in short , he sucked .
always a line here but the food is worth the wait !
the customer service here is awful !
visiting from dallas for a meeting and this place was fun .
gave up waiting for the server to bring our check .
good happy hour and they have price points for everyone .
worth it for special occasions .
great place great people .
great work and did n't try to sell me anything i did n't need .
i had a very pleasant experience with mark kia .
not all the new people up to speed .
the owner makes you feel at home .
the worst thing was we found blood stains on the sheet .
they just want money .
love it !
as you can see the reviews are great so i decided to try it .
my boyfriend ordered a sweet potato ravioli dish and also raved about the taste .
love going to school here because it 's close to home .
thank you mike !
not a fan of this place .
he 's professional , awesome , knows his stuff .
good food and reasonable prices .
i will definitely be back !
this place needs more than one or _num_ check out counters .
best price for routine oil change .
hope to see you in sephora as a permanent beauty make up artist .
the overall atmosphere was great !
best breakfast burritos in scottsdale !
the turkey bacon sandwich with lots of their spicy sauce is delicious !
we loved the atmosphere .
in fear , i quickly tried the shrimp .
awesome place !
guess how much effing showed up on my charge card ?
the chopped salad was nice for about _num_ bites , then it got boring .
the service is excellent and the kids menu is large .
the food was fantastic !
will definitely reccomend to others .
my family and i ate here a few months back .
i think i have found my take out chinese spot !
it is so rich and creamy .
this is a small business restaurant run very well .
the entree 's do not include a salad .
they basically have happy hour all the time .
everything else i 've tried was just `` okay '' including the salsa 's .
thank you john and thomas for doing what you do .
so here 's the deal .
authentic , family friendly !
great place .
is she stupid !
best neighborhood spot hands down .
thank you !
comfortable beds , delicious breakfast , and the friendliest service .
authentic old school saloon .
steer far , far away from here !
cooked to perfection everything from beginning to end was delicious .
i wish i would have read these reviews before ordering !
great spot after a spring training game !
awesome place !
this place is awesome .
their food is great !
lone tree is a great challenge and offers fair play for all levels .
all-in-all , a great breakfast spot !
love this place.
it is a diner , and that is the type of food it is .
little slow but there was great attention to detail .
robert and his staff were professional and made our wedding that much more memorable .
run , run as fast as you can away from this place .
rude and an incompetent personnel .
told me that was the longest they had and that was what i needed .
a very pleasant experience overall .
i 'll continue to go back .
food was good !
took it back and he was very helpful .
i love love love this great little bar .
as they say , bad pizza is still good pizza .
job well done .
everything is made fresh !
great drink prices , 1/2 price appetizers during happy hours weekdays .
emily , the supervisor checked us out .
well worth the money .
the dealership is staffed by friendly , cheerful professionals ; and accommodations are comfortable .
the rolls are always so fresh and so tasty .
this is a solid mexican food restaurant in old town scottsdale .
you must visit the gift shop for a piece of fudge or smoothie !
the atmosphere was like anything i would expect from a corporate concept restaurant .
it is absolutely amazing !
i highly recommend his services .
i go to leave and there is no co pay due at the time .
dont walk .
just very unprofessional .
i am sitting here writing this review goin on _num_ min .
soup arrived and entree immediately followed .
this is where it got weird .
i will definitely go back .
sorry , not that good .
they wo n't tell you though .
what an amazing find !
the place smelled like cigarette smoke and spice .
the food was really good and the service was exceptional .
the staff is flakey and very difficult to get a hold of .
i recommend this place for anyone looking for a good time and great prices .
the fifth star comes from their great selection of beers .
even our little _num_ year old daughter enjoyed some of the food .
it 's a great little optometrist office .
i am so happy to have found him .
it was delicious !
( _num_ ) dish out of a party of _num_ .
amazing .
awesome i would recommend this veterinary care to anyone !
thanks !
they are small town and personal .
i was extremely disappointed in this salon .
on time - great service !
they 're crooked and there are multiple stands that are too long .
the drinks are always great and the staff is always friendly .
my husband & i love this place .
i give ra _num_ stars mainly because i had a great time there .
very thorough , never a wait , and you can tell they love dogs !
great deal !
no , no .
both were bland and you could easily make better mexican food at home !
good food at a great price .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .
it appears the only way to eat here is one of these special events .
i highly recommend them and have no complaints at all .
the service was horrible , the food was mediocre .
everyone at this office are wonderful !
skip this place and go elsewhere !
no wonder !
$ _num_ beer , a party atmosphere and free food during happy hour .
pets are expensive , i understand but no reason to waste time or money .
a very happening place .
apparently these businesses are too busy to respond to emails requesting an estimate .
she knows her stuff and is very attentive and has great attention to detail .
they are very dishonest .
this place is amazing !
they wo n't count it .
ok i 'm done .
unfortunately , after that it is just ok .
if you like having people insult you , be my guest .
prices and service are equally amazing !
not nice customer service at all !
what a wonderful little treasure to have found !
i 've been absolutely thrilled with every order .
great food , margaritas and live music , on thursday night !
i love the rice and their salmon .
overall , the experience failed to meet expectations .
i highly recommend both .
i will use this company again and certainly recommend them for any small business .
came out to $ _num_ with tax .
it 's usually pretty quick & easy to get your order .
so i have used this place twice to title a vehicle .
the cowboy meatloaf was excellent .
we had four spoons , one order , just the right amount !
thank you so much !
does n't make it fun .
thank you !
the theaters themselves are a good size .
beautiful men 's store that has the best brands with an on-site tailor .
toppings were not very flavorful .
lunch prices are great and u get a lot of food .
the staff was very friendly .
love this place !
avoid this place .
do n't bother coming here .
star _num_ : would you eat here every day if you could ?
one of the worst customer service and bad attitudes i 've ever experienced .
that should tell you something !
totally worth the money , and i 'll be going back asap .
the service is very fast as well .
nordstrom this has been a trend for you .
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .
i love this great clips .
i crave it all there great homemade bread is amazing i cant get enough .
i feel at ease having them in my home .
his prices are very reasonable as well .
thank you canine preferred !
they always have great seafood specials that are always fresh .
nice , honest service .
the not so great : the staff is not `` ritz '' ready .
the tempura was awful .
the worse service we ever had .
i think bandera is worth a visit .
great food !
the vets here are amazingly friendly and took care of my dog really well .
these guys are great !
bad fried rice .
i love dairy queen , and this is my fave location .
food is outstanding and portion sizes are large .
do n't believe me ?
the one and only time flemings has messed up a steak they comp 'd .
delicious !
do not order sushi here !
the food here is pretty good !
a shout out to our server daniel for great service !
it 's refreshing , however , to see more whimsical work on display .
pleasure speaking with him .
how refreshing in medicine .
only good thing was sesame chicken .
the food is fantastic and the service is excellent .
have i said i loved this place ?
this place is in my top _num_ .
i do n't have this issue with other subway locations .
everybody always treated me good and listened to any concerns i ever had .
they were so good !
ok , i get it .
bottom line , they are okay but not great and not worth the price .
orange blossom ale - best weird beer i 've ever had .
food was amazing .
i love this place .
disappointed .
love this place .
a lot middle eastern food ingredients ... spices , candies .
great service .
outstanding food !
it tasted fresh and the half size is the perfect portion for lunch .
crust was crappy , sauce was crappy , and toppings were ok but sparse .
homemade condiments with a nice kick .
staff is friendly ; and they always have great deals .
i have went to this location and the customer service is terrible .
that 's ridiculous !
unhelpful and very rude .
really great place for brunch !
i have enjoyed tottie 's excellent asian fusion for many years .
i wish i could afford to eat here every day .
enjoy the quiet dinner .
only one teller with at least _num_ people in line and building mid morning .
terrible .
love this place .
it 's a simple place , just a deli with a few basic tables .
very friendly.
the lunch specials are such a great price !
been here twice both were great experiences .
favorite restaurant .
haha blue adobe is amazing !
they also follow tradition and bring you several side dishes .
where is my usual laundromat , you may ask ?
been going to the sugar bowl for _num_ years .
lots of eye candy !
5th food was great .
a holiday inn would have probably been nicer .
right now we 've got apps , soup and entrees - too fast !
one of my favorite breakfast places .
everyone was just rude and the pizza was absolutely terrible .
i highly recommend this location .
i give both shops five stars for customer service and quality products .
the tracks are so beyond disgusting !
it does n't mean i like the place all that much .
the guy at the front desk was cold and unfriendly .
it 's hit or miss with no consistency .
it 's a classic .
here is an update to my previous praise of green restaurant .
usually great coffee , alway great bacon and pancakes !
i 'm no loving it !
there is never a wait , the staff is very friendly and attentive .
it was thoroughly impressive .
beware of their lack of customer service !
good thing we do n't have one where i live .
the food is always great and the prices are reasonable .
the service was good as was the food .
completely , utterly , bland and watery .
do n't give this guy your business !
good times !
my wife and i were disappointed with the staff and the veterinarian .
it just makes everything better !
its been over _num_ years since my hubby and i visited a bk .
no melon ... strawberries and bananas .
this is my favorite pizza in az .
sat on patio , tables and chairs way to close .
there is better , cheaper italian food to be had in the valley .
delicious food with comfortable outside patio for sitting .
the chips and salsa were pretty standard , if a little bland .
needless to say i had to get the police involved .
service was very , very good .
waited _num_ minutes and no one was around .
much more of a local favorite than a tourist spot .
the charge is _num_ dollars to enter and you get two ten dollar drinks .
was a bit of a wait but pretty much worth it .
the prices were very high for such low quality .
in conclusion , this business deserves to fail .
the food is fantastic !
so good we are going back next week .
rick is awesome !
they repaired our vacuum once and even cleaned it - it looked brand new !
you get eaten alive while waiting for your food .
too salty !
wo n't be coming back here .
he 's more suited to clean the toilets then interact with people .
it need a complete head to toe makeover from decor to .
another mediocre eating experience .
see someone that actually cares .
pancakes , waffles and french toast are awesome .
family owned business .
good service .
the room had a sofa and it was such a comfortable experience .
i love malee 's !
but the dinner prices are a bit steep for the middle class .
they will even deliver to the school !
service , dinner , wine and dessert were all excellent .
this is a winner .
i highly recommend their private dinning for special occasions .
best mexican food on earth !
what really ruined it was the loud lady at our table .
baked potato soup was delicious and very filling .
good homestyle ( mexican homestyle ) food .
in all , you are warned !
the employees have _num_ carts loaded with crap so customers ca n't use them .
just another mediocre food experience .
the gyros are the best i 've ever had .
bread pudding was divine !
not to mention that i was n't even sure they could accommodate my request .
thanks again oj !
plates are huge and food is good .
this should have been a huge red flag when i first walked in ... .
fish tacos were pretty good .
what a wonderful dining experience .
my friend had chicken lentil soup and loved it .
our waters were n't refilled either .
for three of us , the tab totaled over $ _num_ before tip .
the upper level is also great for people watching !
both times i received excellent , personalized , caring service .
i would n't recommend it to anyone .
i had a shrimp burrito and it was very tasty .
ive never said anything before but this time i had to post about them .
place was very clean .
she was just rude the entire time and it was so strange .
service is hit and miss .
the lady at the desk probably does n't care to work there much .
homemade lemonade is also fantastic .
then you 'll love this place .
great place .
avoid this place at all costs .
last time we walked in and wanted to sit at a table .
we 're becoming regulars and this is our new go-to pizza joint .
all in all this is a great place for lunch or dinner .
always fresh , always delivered piping hot , and always yummy .
i hate this place so so much .
really wo n't be going back , extremely disappointed .
it has so much character and the bartenders are always nice .
awesome entrees .
i highly recommend them to service your car .
sent back and received a rare steak that was too tough to chew .
the carpet had just been replaced but the apartment was never cleaned .
i had a bacon wrapped pork tenderloin that was delicious .
very good service with a knowledgeable friendly waiter .
i have never had a worse restaurant experience than at this place .
sometimes i pick up breakfast from here , and it 's usually pretty good .
will definitely go again and you should try it too .
service department is the worst of any luxury brand !
it is a little strange for a wine bar to be rushing people out .
by this time , i am thinking the food better be freakin ' awesome .
i was there _num_ minutes and no one made a move to clean anything .
it all went downhill from there .
my son is so excited to go and talks about it afterwards for days .
i had a really fun time exploring scottsdale and phoenix !
we did n't leave with anything that day .
would definitely recommend .
i highly recommended this particular sun devil auto to everyone !
i 've been twice and both times i was unimpressed .
everything is made fresh : from the bagels , to the cream cheese !
awesome menu selections , helpful staff , and fast service .
i love the style .
the wife got the shrimp burrito enchilada style and she raved about it .
today was my second time here and i have been happy both times .
and the food is great and priced right .
someone actually approached me to see if they could help .
my son always has fun here .
$ _num_ tickets .
they are very good about returning calls on the nurse line .
waited _num_ minutes to be seated at a time with plenty of open tables .
the atmosphere is great , although very dressy .
the food is consistently good .
tell your staff to slow the heck down when answering a call .
this place is so ridiculously overrated .
ridiculous and false advertising .
no mechanical bull , no activities .
luckily , the italian joint across the street is really pretty good !
my sales guy was riley and he was amazing .
best pastrami sandwich in town by far !
very interesting sweet and sour had kind of a spice to it but good .
this was really , really bad . ''
the staff here is wonderful .
great experience , great staff , love this place !
everyone at this jewelry store is wonderful !
the best part about this place is cardinals baseball is played here .
does n't taste authentic at all .
_num_ stars for the excellent service and delicious food !
still after a year no grass only green grass by the office .
papago will most likely have something you would like .
this is by far my favorite lunch spot in the valley .
it 's a shame .
i love my new remote start and tinted windows !
a ) clearly did n't have enough training on a credit machine .
great wine , reasonable prices , good pours .
as others have mentioned , what a beautiful complex !
really fun environment , super busy on weekends though especially sundays .
is it the best pizza -- nope .
she then offered to send me $ _num_ to compensate me for my loss .
the deli has fantastic cheese and meet options .
they are remodeling right now and will be open in february .
i am a fan !
really , you could n't give me the code ?
very gross .
great steaks , potatos au gratin and creamed spinach .
super cute patio !
of course , the call did not come , and i continue to inquire .
however , the food was terrible .
yes please .
adding insult to injury .
other than that i have tried this pizza sober and it is disgusting .
this place is about 1/4 mile from my home .
the best .
one just walked by .
their selection is top notch .
they did nothing for my daughter .
then just fyi , only took off one wine cause i waited .
the burrito is pretty big and left us full .
great breakfast every time !
an appointment today with amanda .
the bad : the food is n't impressive , especially for the cost .
definitely will become # _num_ dessert spot .
avoid the fat grumpy mean looking woman server with the broad face .
very savory .
very happy with the results and we will be having jeff back again .
had a great time here !
have to agree with katie l. unimpressive .
the food is fantastic and the atmosphere is very relaxed .
would definitely recommend this place !
they would not remove the money from our bill and were extremely rude .
they are always great .
however , this place really does suck .
i pushed the button saying my card was n't working in the machine .
the food ( burgers ) was gross !
this place is pretty gross .
super friendly , extremely fast and efficient .
boy was it delicious !
too much sauce and it was just awful !
amazing food , drinks , and prices .
the band is great and they interact with the crowd !
both feature ingredients native to the southwest .
each and every staff member is amazing .
sorry we ca n't refund you .
unfortunately , last night was nothing to rave about .
so good !
we love this place !
nice experience !
poor experience .
my food was very fresh and flavorful .
they 're just trying to do too much .
pretty neat place !
love this place .
great service .
the chop sticks could hardly even hold the weight and size of the thing .
went to the keg last night for our anniversary .
this came very dry as well .
will definitely be back !
i highly recommend using mark kia for all your vehicle needs !
very friendly wait service and staff too .
not from either of us , i and my guest have very close haircuts .
dr. carson and his team and fantastic !
i will always be loyal to this ace hardware .
authentic atmosphere , felt like i was in mexico !
she was sweet and took her time making sure my hair looked perfect !
really would n't be surprised if this place closes down .
the ribs are wonderful and they give you a lot .
the service is always friendly and is fairly quickly .
megan w is the best server we have ever had !
the office was old , run down and not very clean .
not impressed at all .
its just good sushi for a good value !
want a good sandwich .
horrible service !
the entire staff seem passionate about what they do .
definitely recommend this place !
smoking section is awesome .
it will probably go out of business soon anyways .
we went to bravo bistro excited based on the few things we had read .
i was very happy .
this business was recommended by people at my church .
asked to cook it well done .
the _num_ of us really enjoyed our meals and we each had different dishes .
highly recommend this office !
great classy establishment with a super fresh pita and the best meats around !
this is the worst starbucks i 've ever been to .
got a selection of pizza , wings and the appetizer sampler plate .
definately will not be going back .
i could have just smoked my hookah at home .
definitely would come back again .
he is an extremely intelligent doctor and also a very kind and compassionate person .
great service and price .
very happy .
it seems to be the only trick the kitchen knows !
the worst .
i would say in all that the restaurant had maybe _num_ tables tops .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
but love this office !
his staff is also amazing and so helpful !
amongst the vast collection of baseball memorabilia is a great steakhouse .
sorry , dear .
no question about it , i will be back because it was delicious .
my favorite pizza in scottsdale !
this is not a huge place , but their exhibits are superb .
amazing .
went to ra sushi today for lunch .
i had a great meal here and excellent service .
professional , respectful , courteous , efficient and just amazing .
i was told my service would take _num_ minutes .
bread could be a bit better , but overall a good experience .
it was all great !
a very popular place in scottsdale .
all of the southwestern items are gone .
waste of my time and drive .
it 's seamless .
i love this place !
you always get great food .
nasty overcooked sausage , stale bread , flat cheap cheeses -- just plain gross .
this place is awesome .
the bill - over $ _num_ !
unfortunately this location is very close to our home .
this is your place !
let me say , it was not so awesome .
only a little bit divey , this place has really good food !
too bad , too , it has a great view .
the food was great as always and the service was immaculate .
now it 's all bland mush .
fun atmosphere great conversation , just what a salon should be !
finally made it to this brewery !
if nothing else , his laugh will make you laugh !
no , no no !
i just moved to the area and wanted to go out for a pizza .
christopher did my hair both times and i absolutely love it !
same great people ; same pleasant and comfortable room ; same really happy stay .
i would recommend checking them out !
always been a fan of this place .
they always have a good lunch .
wrong !
it 's seriously dump though - terrible food made from garbage ingredients .
which they should have stated the first time she went to pick it up .
it 's small , it 's intimate , very friendly and welcoming .
nice touches for sure .
their grooming is also excellent .
he proceeds to try to talk us into financing .
i love the cornbread appetizer .
a friend had the lengua burrito and said it was really tender and flavorful .
overall a great place to hang out and relax , definitely recommend to all .
the outside of the restaurant looks a little old but the food is great .
super sweet place .
slow !
you always know what you are going to get .
lazy staff .
first time here , no i did not have an appt .
just disappointed in the product .
happy hour is everyday until 6:30 .
my `` hot '' sub was cold and the meat was watery .
he didnt even offer an apology , he just turned around and walked away .
great food !
recommendations for making reservations during happy hour are spot on .
the food was pretty poor and the portions were horrible .
chicken marsala is simply delectable !
dont forget $ _num_ cover charge and a $ _num_ water .
thank you for making our trip an excellent one !
a superb golf day with lunch as well as dinner for all .
what horrible management .
food is always very good .
its not just about science here , its about taste .
10/10 , been here a few times but tonight was the best time ever .
everyone in our party enjoyed the evening and the food .
not a fan !
however , tonight , i ordered a soup , they were out of .
my daughter is learning that the dentist can be a good experience .
price is average for pizza that is actually good .
food is great and the staff is amazing !
that 's not how you treat customers .
anyways , this was definitely good and worth another visit !
great customer service !
the variety and the quality was truly outstanding .
we were so fed up that we walked out .
the three staff members that i had contact with were very friendly and helpful .
fantastic food , cooked by a chef that pays attention to detail .
quick , efficient , consistent work .
no wonder this place is never busy .
i personally hate this place !
terrible service .
i always find something new to try .
my wife and i go here a few times a year and love it .
got to room _num_ ... .
pricy but very good .
i love coach .
terrible store lay out .
the owner was atrocious .
i loved that you could dance and not sweat to death .
great quality meats and bread .
his brew suggestions were spot on as were his menu tips .
the portion was perfect , went well with the assorted bread basket earlier .
horrible customer service .
no nonsense , but professional service .
overall , we were pretty unimpressed with this restaurant .
megan v excellent service and had great suggestions for our dinner choices .
it was awful !
i do n't understand all of the great reviews of this place .
great place !
this place has the best persian food .
extremely unhappy with this place .
_num_ % higher price for drinks and food _num_ feet from the bar .
very friendly staff and manager .
skip this establishment .
cheap buffet quality food for a much higher price .
unacceptable !
and the rest of the meal was delicious and reasonably priced .
quality and selection seems to have gone way downhill .
great selection , friendly staff , and quality product .
great atmosphere with fantastic people watching .
the bacon was not a high quality product .
so , it went in the trash .
always a great rotating variety of draft beer , delicious food and friendly staff .
really great service , cute atmosphere , and awesome food !
they were so helpful and amazing to work with .
cute little store !
my other half had the bbq ribs w/ coleslaw and mashed potatoes .
they have great food for being a little dive bar .
it was epic .
overall , this is a pretty nice joint .
however the ceiling tiles were as described - in need of urgent repair .
i love this starbucks !
fast , professional and very economical !
great flavors and sauce !
the habanero burger was great and as hot and spicy as promised !
the food here was amazing .
so the last couple times i 've been to carlsbad i 've been disappointed .
the third time was not so good .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
am i not tall enough for you ?
great find !
this place rocks .
everything is hot and fresh .
i returned home from a summer on the pacific coast to an unfortunate surprise .
i go here mostly for the sandwiches , which are the best in town .
they are quick , and very friendly .
i was well taken care of and i will be back .
all of the jokes were in bad taste .
other than that great place !
it always works .
waited another twenty minutes for dinner -- same thing .
it 's more of a to-go dessert place if you are craving a sundae !
_num_ $ _num_ pastas cost us $ _num_ .
kudos to this entire staff !
hot fudge sundae was great .
nice family owned business .
for your money , go to the george and dragon .
the food on the other hand was bad .
fantastic store !
best , most painless facial wax i 've ever had !
it is so good you will want to pour it down your throat .
my kids love it too !
food was awful !
newly remodeled and looks amazing !
techs do a great job !
it was a wonderful , very personal experience i will never forget .
worst customer service .
that was a big no no !
we will definitely come back .
this rule will never fail you .
virtually no meat .
even worst was the texture - clams should be tender and not rubbery .
i thought there was too much batter , but overall it was good .
she went above and beyond !
great happy hour margarita for $ _num_ .
the care and attention they gave my son and wife was top notch .
the salsa tasted terrible !
this place definitely gets _num_ stars .
march is a great time of year to visit the phoenix/scottsdale area !
after all , they were charging _num_ bucks for a ribeye .
very affordable & loving staff who do care about animals !
spin the wheel - its fun !
great selection , and very helpful staff .
his caring attitude and expertise were extremely helpful and comforting .
good job !
fantastic and fresh menu nicely presented with terrific service .
all fresh and ripe .
their quote was also very reasonable .
love this place .
totally disappointing !
i wanted out of that restaurant as quickly as possible .
i would highly recommend this location .
insanely rude staff , been eating here for over _num_ years .
absolutely exquisite .
the corn beef hash is also excellent , and probably my favorite here .
basically saying nothing was wrong with him .
we ordered shrimp toast , too , and it was very tasty .
the service is always top notch and we are welcomed like long lost family .
the service was friendly and professional .
i would not go here for classes , though .
the ice cream was cold & the fudge was hot .
no warm music , no tablecloths , no italian paintings .
i 'll avoid going here again .
food was mediocre .
all i ordered was two small one topping pizzas and pizza bites .
the ribs were over cooked and dry .
the bartenders are extremely friendly , knowledgable gals .
the staff are so friendly and the service was amazing .
my side salad was served .
always come here every time in town .
it will stay with you all day .
all in all an amazing school we love it .
we paid $ _num_ a glass for a _num_ alexander valley cab .
that 's not enough food for one person .
kaitlyn was absolutely delightful .
it 's got ta suck to serve such bad food ) .
for all the regulars !
the staff is always friendly and professional .
i was so disappointed .
although i like the gym itself , i will never go back .
our server was outstanding .
been there done that .
gentleman , server was very friendly and helpful .
my wife and i came in with very low expectations .
great selection , high end stuff .
the bread was also delicious and loaded with butter and garlic .
this is my second one star review on yelp and they deserve it .
it is tasting mighty fine now !
she even relieved my stress with the hand massage during my shampoo .
food was great and the service was even better .
the pizza was hot , and flavorful .
no one called me about it to apologize .
everything i 've had there i 've had better elsewhere .
obsessed with this place !
i highly highly recommend !
customer service is fast and has the power to help customers .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .
should be known ahead of time that they wo n't honor coupons .
it was awesome !
the service was also impeccable .
literally one of the worst spa experiences of my life .
i ca n't believe i ate the food.
this place is a gem !
no sincere attempt from lon 's at making this memorable .
best sonic on the planet .
i love the enchilada sauce .
same perfect cut every time .
not exactly the best nights sleep is guaranteed here either .
they have the best food , and are always very friendly .
room service is awful .
had a couple 's dinner here & it was great !
service has always been good too .
the food was great , but the service was definitely above and beyond !
i love china china !
happy hour price was $ _num_ including tax .
it was a great deal - $ _num_ for haircut and partial highlight .
you 've got a great thing going , keep it up .
this used to be one of my favorite places on mill .
ideal mall food .
i went with the burrito and taco lunch special ; everything i was craving .
you can tell the everything used here is very fresh and top notch quality .
it also feels like a genuine english pub !
the most dreadful service i have ever received .
my wife ordered the fried ( formerly broasted ) chicken .
i will eat here the next time i am in town .
amazing .
great recommendations , personable and passionate about her work .
i actually prefer this coffee shop over starbucks .
condescending arrogant staff , know your job .
thanks but no thanks gus ' .
this is literally my favorite mexican food joint ... period !
prices are extremely reasonable for what you get .
finished drinks and still no waitress .
this place is a mess .
great food .
service was outstanding .
this is my fave spot .
i love love love the steamed clams .
there 's was a piano and guitar player which was a nice touch .
the location is great .
it gets one star because you ca n't give it zero stars .
pretty sure it 's the best damn deal in town .
horrible horrible performance and service from the employee .
more like the bad egg ! ''
i 'm not picky , but thats just a tad bit unprofessional .
everything here tastes very authentic .
the food was n't even mediocre in quality .
it 's a great sports bar with fantastic wings and pizza .
had a great meal here - tasty green enchiladas and loved their guac .
well , $ _num_ to do the diagnostic and $ _num_ for the tow .
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .
they were very friendly and the food was hot .
we will definitely be back !
love this place !
i normally dont do that if you buy a beer ?
okay , i 'm giving it one more star .
but the food just was not good .
they make any roll and the price is great .
food has always been great and service friendly .
order a seafood pasta and the seafood was old and smelly .
the only real positive is that it was fast and inexpensive .
unfortunately , the adjustments he performed on me made my condition worse .
good value , great taste .
the server was not very good to say the least .
do not take your pet here in the middle of the night .
the food has been excellent but the service has shown marked improvement .
i enjoy going some where besides chain food places that are more individual .
this tasted like it came out of a bottle - definitely not freshly made .
it 's a simple deli that had a good sized lunch crowd .
half of my kids meals were never even given to us .
prices are reasonable and staff has always been friendly .
bagels and bagel sandwich were delicious !
great atmosphere and friendly staff .
wow this place has gone down hill big time .
we waited another _num_ minutes for our drinks to come out .
not authentic at all .
the food is hot and tasty !
a great casual sports bar atmosphere .
the salsa was too watery , just a little heat to it .
thanks everyone .
is n't us complaining a hostess ' cue to get the manager over ?
the food absolutely rocked !
still love rosati 's .
thanks , david !
the spa was so relaxing and even the regular pool was amazing .
it tasted more like it was smothered in bbq sauce .
the green hot sauce they have is really hot but so good .
they were friendly , professional and were fast .
my dad 's salad was just as disappointing .
the cooks sucked .
super fast , friendly , professional and all at a fair price .
staff , i hope you 're listening , cause i 'm talking .
food is always consistent !
the beer selection was decent .
what a great library .
they are both listed as sides , but make a surprisingly great pairing .
really good stuff , and really good for you .
great pancakes !
great service , waitress was on the ball with everything .
many days you will see the owner .
the atmosphere is cozy and fun .
my boyfriend got the huevos rancheros and this was absolutely delish .
the staff was n't overly polite .
soda was flat both times we went .
pretty epic .
thank you !
bar none the location of giants field is ideal .
ok , best dental care i have ever had !
trust me , its perfection .
she said large dogs are no longer welcome .
rude , rude , manager .
i now have gotten a new honda and will continue to take both cars .
i 'm so disappointed with this company .
very friendly , quick and efficient !
my favorite pizza spot in the valley .
it was at the alcohol sugar stage already !
it 's first come , first served .
i dropped $ _num_ on food that was not all that good.
this made it even worse for us .
they have amazing sandwiches , pizzas , salads , and deserts .
my boyfriend got the french toast , said it was okay but cold .
over priced and the stores always seem to be dirty .
otherwise it was fantastic .
and his fee 's for repair are very reasonable and fair .
this is an awesome neighborhood find !
the people who work there are exceedingly nice and helpful .
rude , inconsiderate owners who have no business dealing with the public .
oh , and parking sucks too .
love this place !
they have many unique flavors and i have enjoyed each one .
had so much sushi and it was all really good .
we were not brought menus .
they remembered my order , as all aloha systems do regarding takeout orders .
they were honest and forthright .
awesome food !
would definitely recommend !
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .
nice place for couple night out .
good consistent steak house .
the place was nice and clean .
the facility was clean and service person was professional and nice .
so horrible !
this is great for mornings when i 'm in a rush .
in the past , maintenance response has been quite quick .
i recommend going to both at least !
the pizza was delicious and i was very happy .
i have a very happy _num_ year old !
well if your merchandise if marked wrong you think you would fix it .
i highly recommend this venue .
they are all very friendly .
it was full and lively on a tuesday night .
this week i got a brazilian blowout that has changed my life !
i played on this course this last sunday and was so disappointed .
not appetizing .
overall this is a great store for many items .
wow !
the staff were fantastic and really attentive .
amazing bargains and designer purses and clothing .
star _num_ : how were the portions relative to the cost ?
just gross all together .
great friendly staff .
extremely unimpressed and would not recommend them .
their bagels are incredibly yummy , and fresh .
salsa is outstanding .
fantastic food and really good personable service .
will definitely be back .
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .
if you want the best sometimes you have to wait !
they were great !
ca n't recommend highly enough !
there was very little flavor to it .
pitas and salads as well.
spectacular service .
looks cluttered with all the crap piled up in back and it smells funny .
pulled pork is my favorite .
their pizza and salad assortment is fantastic .
this is the friendly , local bike shop you are looking for .
everything on my plate was sooooo good !
please oh please try the sea stew !
my god , it would take eight rolls to fill me .
professionals , through and through , but so personable , and offered helpful advice !
overall i really liked it and will most definitely go back !
love love love this place !
not too happy with our experience today .
nice thin crusted pizza with high quality and generous amounts of toppings .
everything was cooked well and has good flavor and balance .
i should mention the food i guess ... .
the toppings seem ordinary at best .
the stylists are friendly and make you feel welcome .
good mexican food .
was she slammed just before we walked in ?
it 's always very clean too .
the drinks are also so good served from the jade bar .
great everyday clothes !
i thought the scallops were great .
not even close .
the guacamole was ok for my tastes with cilantro and jalapeos in it .
they carry all varieties of alcohol and have all different kinds of delicious food .
absolute hit .
beautiful stadium !
i should have walked out right then ... i knew better .
staff gets _num_ stars - but old dated smelly rooms gets _num_ star .
best beer selection in the valley !
takes _num_ minutes to get a menu and silverware .
everything about it was lousy .
however , today i had the most utterly disgusting experience of my entire life .
every other gyros place i 've been to will substitute .
and i love how dimly lit it was .
we love this place .
we then arranged for the customers car to be repaired .
appetizers are delicious too !
effing gross !
bad decision .
she is incredibly rude and had absolutely no personality .
this is to bad that this is how they treat thier customers .
this is my favorite mexican food restaurant .
no offer to take it back and fix it .
best place to shop and i am truly addicted to aj 's ice tea !
omg , this place is awesome !
the employees are such nice people .
it satisfies my monthly dive bar craving .
i never thought they would be able to trim his face up so well .
the wine list was nice and different .
he 's the best part of this bar .
make sure you bring a camera .
way too much sauce and nothing special .
good prices .
very comfortable and family friendly .
the owner treated us like family and really felt like we were back home .
definitely going back and would recommend .
i dragged my friends here kicking and screaming .
very tasty , true new york style pizza .
fantastic !
very disappointing for anyone who 's ever had a real tea party .
he was not very welcoming at all .
this place is a waste of time .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .
zero stars .
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .
two thumbs up !
they have great deli prices !
but i was overall very disappointed in the food .
it was an awful grey color .
it was so bland !
great prices and great service today .
the service was great .
some of the teachers are great , others can be very cold .
the energy is great !
also a nice bar .
our party of eight was crammed into a small table .
bad service .
the staff is rude also .
thank you for the trustworthy service !
nothing ...
_num_ stars for the best clinic in arizona !
she loved everything from the mixed kabobs , to the chicken curry .
they also have a great selection of cheese !
it was terrible .
in all honesty ... _num_ star might be overrated .
worst wings i have ever had .
very full of flavor due to the fresh ingredients .
half pepperoni , half chicken pesto .
very nice !
waffles are tasty .
the pita chips were fried and so greasy !
i found a dead fly in my salad coated in dressing .
but i was not impressed by the hh specials or the food .
always clean now and service is much better .
amazing !
always make it a point to come here on our yearly trip .
the mussels were phenomenal .
however , the food has gone downhill .
great food , great service and a convenient location .
they had quality service and friendly employees !
the food is good and creative , they have good pizza and wonderful specials .
small salon with attentive , pleasant staff .
the atmosphere was perfect .
best corned beef hash ever !
you know , the one that 's _num_ for $ _num_ ?
the food is really reasonable and they give you good portions .
the server made our experience worth the $ _num_ .
nice shopping for gently used clothing , some had new tags still on .
service is friendly .
i will not be surprised if elements closes .
staff is well versed in product and always willing to go above and beyond .
great service in old time diner atmosphere i just love it !
great food & great price in scottsdale 's art district .
overall , this place seems like it is in a questionable area of tempe .
gross !
the food is special , wines are terrific , and the desserts tasty .
lori was absolutely fabulous and very accommodating !
awesome seats at the bar ... .
great place to dine , if you 're ever in the downtown scottsdale area .
food , view and staff was amazing .
its the health and safety of my daughter and husband i care about .
needless to say , filiberto 's has forever lost my business and respect .
true story .
the bagels are lovely & fresh and the service was polite and friendly .
so delicious !
they barely have enough spaces for the people who live there .
the karaoke host talked way too much in the _num_ minute we were there .
nope , no customer service .
i would n't recommend this place to my worst enemy .
looked like it was out of business last time i drove by .
it was not open and there was no sign explaining why .
so nice and helpful and patient !
i probably will not go back , just not my thing .
had a great dinner with my buddies !
i ordered the salmon new orleans with mashed potatoes and was very impressed .
it came with many sides and even included a cinnamon tea at the end .
it just did nothing for either of us .
thing is there is nothing you can do against these guys .
we really enjoyed lunch on the patio .
a lot of food but very very good .
my favorite bar in old town scottsdale .
she seemed irritated and threw the three menus on our table .
their sizzling tofu soup is great as well .
large and in charge baby .
go somewhere else or you 'll regret it .
what kind of stupid place is this ?
this drive-thru is so slow !
poor management all around .
the meat is always succulent and tender , and nicely spiced .
excellent breakfast burritos , awesome _num_ 's rock playing and beautifully decorated .
seafood was fresh and cooked perfectly !
wo n't be going back there .
the service was really bad .
what a total disappointment .
changing people and had the best pizza from dominos .
gluten free is a huge plus .
love mo and the team , sat at the bar last wednesday .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .
i attempted to return the item the server said they do n't take returns .
i can bet you she was more then likely hurt too .
i love this place .
lots of ( overpriced ) furniture .
the food is good .
absolutely delicious !
the staff is extremely helpful and always take their time to explain benefits .
warning to everyone to do your research before doing business with this company .
tina & danny run a nice place .
fresh fruit , snacks , and others such as trader joe 's things .
the chairs are so comfortable and the china so fine .
where do i begin with this place .
not a very sanitary vision .
wow !
love !
garlic bread : flavorless ( how is that possible ? )
my car was complete a day ahead of schedule , imagine my surprise .
the waffles on the other hand was great - my husband devoured it .
they make the right choice of which products they should carry .
would rate lower than _num_ star if possible .
we had a group of six and waited _num_ minutes for sushi orders .
service was fast and friendly and the prices reasonable .
you save a whole _num_ on some items .
great food as well .
it is small and quaint with a secret find type of atmosphere .
wings were super meaty and tasted perfect .
so so disappointed .
this place is by far the worst nail salon i have ever been to .
great salon !
this place is highly recommended !
however , they stop teaching computers in middle school , which i found odd .
and some beer with food that goes good with beer !
i feel i got much more than i paid for .
tasty rich food , great friendly service and nice decor .
they are very skilled vets who are also kind and compassionate .
live music , great bartender and so much fun !
this place gets _num_ stars from most .
highly recommend .
he got a nice cut and got a social experience with the other dogs .
i wish there were zero stars !
the dr. was very gentle and calm with our scared dog .
and the shrimp obviously was not fresh ... and very salty .
once again a fabulous breakfast !
i would definitely recommend .
if you are a foodie , this is one fun place .
especially i notice its really great when it first comes out of the oven .
the service and everything is excellent .
best service i 've ever had .
i was so angry !
absolutely phenomenal !
wrong .
steak ordered medium was served well done and cold .
thought i was going to die after eating at the sh*t hole .
julio 's is great .
i would give negative stars if i could .
very good homemade sandwiches , salads and italian delights .
after waiting for _num_ minutes , he gave up and left .
i must say , the blue corn tortilla enchiladas were not that bad .
love it .
however , the food just was n't that good .
great place for happy hour and a great drinks and food menu !
best decision ever !
definitely our new go-to donut place !
josh our serve was so wonderful .
the food is excellent !
service was generic , uncomfortable , lack luster for a resort at this level .
it sucks to be ripped off .
they are professional , very accommodating and committed to quality .
i am not exaggerating .
they are great groomers too !
she brought us _num_ beers and never came back .
little girls were crying , and their moms were desperate .
staff is very kind and they really know their stuff .
would you like some cockroach with your soup ?
oh and the best item ( to me ) is the horchata !
interesting combos !
i recommend this place any day or time .
something new everyday .
good friendly staff .
it has the classy but homey feel and authentic pizza .
other than that , the food is really good .
it was dry , and the sauce they used was n't good .
they have a great looking deli counter .
this time for girls weekend but have also brought my family .
i love this place and it gets five stars .
great service and very friendly !
absolutely , without a doubt the worst bank i 've visited in az .
i judge a fine restaurant by their capacity to accommodate my food allergies .
unlike a place like the yard house they always rotate different beers .
sour cream and guac on the side .
mr. zizzo is super cool .
very good quality ingredients .
the main branch of the chandler public library system is pretty big .
not even any pictures on the wall , no tablecloths , etc .
in our case , that would be $ _num_ .
i definitely recommend it !
usually short staff and food takes forever to cook .
delicious and unique menu .
my cut took so long , that the school was about to close .
he was prompt and friendly .
sunday 's are a fun night to pop in .
also you 've got to try the pot stickers !
i would highly recommend this shop to anyone .
my family has found a new bakery in town !
i was not expecting anything other than good food and average service .
great food , our two suites were great and a great staff .
but if you ca n't , enjoy inside as it is great .
a week later i was charged _num_ from the spa .
great service too .
do not try the black bean tortillas !
now the food : not horrible , but below average .
just an all around lame experience .
they 're not cheap , but they do a great job .
barber was fun to talk to .
do n't do business with this company !
homemade potato chips with bacon , cheese and bbq sauce .
it 's a solid place for italian food with decent wine list .
very pleased and highly recommend .
the food is great , it 's family owned and it 's reasonably priced .
food is always amazing no matter what i order .
love this place and will definitely use them again .
good wine selection .
i am a foodie and proud of it !
customer service is mediocre .
every dish is tasty but the pistachio ice-cream is delicious .
- the presentation of the rolls was horrible .
nothing wrong with corn on the cob but how can you make that bad ?
fantastic food , awesome owners , wonderful !
they always do a great job and are so friendly .
great place love everything i have ever ordered .
this place just stinks to hell and back .
the coffee , thankfully , was hot enough to melt it down the throat .
sometimes i get a great waitress , sometimes a terrible one .
in a word , this place is as good as it gets !
otherwise , everyone is really nice .
i walked in a was seen right away .
all homemade and tasted great , i will be back .
in my option , this the best for pizza and wings hands down .
and this place is ridiculously cute and nostalgic and a perfect date place .
great service and good food .
the menu tries too hard to be cute and sexy .
they have happy hour prices and different specials every day .
they certainly have my business from now on .
_num_ strikes now with putting things together wrong .
definitely better service than subway .
the restaurant is too small to be loud .
the repair was first class and our 5th wheel looked as good as new .
the food is really good , but sometimes can take a little while .
the employees are jerks of a special type .
we will definitely go back .
my grandparents loved this place and we used to go once a month .
i refer everyone i can and will continue to do the same .
i would recommend giving them a try .
instead he takes the opportunity to practice his sit-down comedy act i guess .
true old county .
first , we ordered a calamari appetizer and a bottle of wine .
add that to the horrible service- we wont be back .
they take their motto of `` no crap on tap '' to heart .
great outdoor seating .
all of our entrees & apps were very good .
no big deal right ?
we love rosa 's !
great for weekend away , business or vacation .
awesome group of people run this caring and fun summer camp .
and not to mention the place is beautiful !
the margaritas taste like a whole lot of water and no alcohol .
luckily our lease ended the following week but we got the hell out asap .
overall one of the best places around .
good food , good prices , average service .
we played _num_ holes and quit out of frustration .
run , do n't walk .
customers are like family members .
but fine .
it felt chaotic and rushed .
i highly recommend .
they will also no be here for another two hours .
staff is awesome !
lived in chandler for _num_ years so i 've dined here several times .
$ _num_ for freaking take-out for _num_ people .
no surprises here fellow yelpers .
i will not let that female tech touch my nails again .
excellent food .
the dentists are fine but the way the office is run is horrible .
i will definitely not be back .
this place is so beautiful and welcoming !
only thing that i ate was the milk .
the place is always packed but the food is worth the wait !
the atmosphere was clean , so was the salon .
there was never a third coupon , as karen continues to lie about .
first , this place has the most impressive wine list i have ever seen .
i love this place .
loved the service , price and knowledge i received .
very welcoming and on their a game .
cool spot in a hot town .
you 've lost a big lunch business customer .
he 's serving the most sophisticated food .
i love starbucks !
good location .
green pork chile more potatoes than pork and very runny just in a broth .
check it out !
i recommend this for any breakfast crowd .
but the attitude of the girl on the phone was extremely rude .
they have the best coleslaw , coconut shrimp , and ribs .
the best carne asada burrito !
good solid mexican food .
love it and love coming here .
and the service is awesome !
gag ... ... .
not thing special .
the pastas were cold except the mac and cheese which was tolerable .
disgusting .
crab crunch and special roll .
was actually somewhat disappointed with our experience here .
well spent .
the mix of comics was quite fun , and the host was very entertaining .
the food is impeccable , the wine list superb .
the steak had just the right amount of seasoning and flavor .
awesome patio !
got a few appetizers and share them .
why would you post that your season stared _num_ days ago and then closed .
too loud .
top customer service .
they are always kind , caring and thorough .
presentation has always been good .
the course is hard enough as it is without all that going on .
always great !
one girl was working , and one girl was sitting doing nothing .
some were hilarious .
i love love this place !
family comes every time they are in town .
give this place a shot .
never will i go back to this place .
i 've been there twice and each time our service has been excellent .
very overpriced and i am rushed through it .
and the green rice was a great pairing .
why do they just assume their time is more valuable than mine .
a few of my nails did not get polished to the edges .
other waitresses brought our food - which seemed to take a really long time .
in one word ... excellent !
and no managers to speak to .
hot waitresses !
the ambiance is fantastic and the price is just right .
their bakery is hands down the best .
i 'd definitely love to go back .
good food and talented bartenders .
love the hub !
bottom line , i am very happy with this hospital .
not a _num_ hour store !
happy hour prices are hard to beat !
this place was n't accommodating at all .
staff was friendly and nice .
the gardens is excellent in all regards .
they also have some pretty good local beers on tap and by the bottle .
my recommendation to the restaurant : improve your quality or lower your prices .
i had the shepherd 's pie , and i sent it back .
no one 's chairs were actually facing the stage .
he was easily doing _num_ on my quiet residential street .
it seem that everytime i go in i have to have some major procedure .
ned 's is such a great little sub shop .
that is completely unacceptable and unprofessional .
another issue , the place felt like there was no a/c .
not forever , but a little long for a breakfast menu .
i really enjoyed my experience with the salon and will definitely be back again .
i really liked this place .
recommend highly for all .
i highly recommend .
they 're honest with you up front .
great place to be at .
i took a date there late on a saturday night - it was perfect !
i mean $ _num_ dollars for pretty okay egg rolls ?
loved the ambience if sitting and dining in a grocery store .
great food ... .
wonderful food and service .
waitress tends to hang out at the bar versus wait on the tables .
all positive reviews seem to be the last company , not this one .
it costs more than the national chains but it is so much better .
at this point , would suggest spinato 's or even mellow mushroom first .
great service .
long story short : come here for beer , not food .
very authentic diner style food .
love their pizza !
the service is great , prices are fair , and the food is wonderful .
oil change does n't take this friggin long .
i luv zipps for happy hour !
i probably would not recommend going here again .
he was very well spoken and made the trip enjoyable .
have a good time , see you there .
good service and decent prices .
the food was terrible .
love this place !
highly recommend her and the salon !
horrible service and mediocre , over-priced food !
i only wish she had called me before choosing this restaurant .
very festive feel and great food .
just love visiting this starbucks in the mornings !
the staff is always friendly and the food is great .
a very pleasant experience with attentive service , perfect margaritas & delicious food .
great pizza deals .
food is good every time i have come here .
they have all had very good growing success .
my family and i come here all the time .
today ( at least at this location ) , i was wrong .
the wait staff is friendly , helpful and very attentive .
the food was authentic and delicious !
great prices and even greater people .
the prices are very reasonable .
the food was excellent and the restaurant had a great wine selection .
it 's kinda purple and delicious .
wonderful family owned place .
was informed _num_ months later !
the sound however was not so great .
a pretty solid italian experience .
tasted fresh , not greasy , even though had bacon .
a great place to stay !
what kind of sports bar does n't serve sliders ?
i work across the street and i am in love with this place !
the homemade tortillas were good , not amazing .
i did n't even really know what to think .
amazing !
she said , `` no , this is my space . ''
no other patient in the place .
this has been my neighborhood kfc for about _num_ years .
this was the worst service i have ever had anywhere .
you could n't even talk at the table they were so loud .
lots of space between tables .
delicious soup .
service was slow , and the restaurant did n't seem too busy .
fantastic !
i love this place .
top notch food .
it taste fresh and is super yummy .
not the first time service has been less than average !
thanks ron !
now , it 's not .
excellent service , excellent food , had a wonderful dinner and would absolutely return !
pleasant staff and very helpful .
to me this is the way customer service is done .
she said that she would go and find my lost meal .
would n't go back !
the best part of the meal though was the rice .
i highly recommend trying this place out .
they would n't ruin their reputation would they ?
i highly recommend minute man cleaners .
food was mediocre .
it 's so awesome .
would not go back again .
excellent service done in a timely manner .
fantastic spot .
i enjoyed my seared ahi tuna sandwich immensely .
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .
this place is awesome .
great pizza .
the waitress did admit to forgetting his order which her honesty was appreciated .
i trust my hair stylist alyssa with my hair !
seriously terrible customer service .
i would have been fine picking my stuff up anytime later .
the _num_ stars are because it was not a good value .
ugh , this place is annoying .
the office staff is very friendly and helpful as well .
i recommend this place and will return for breakfast !
i really hate doing this but i feel i have no choice .
i love this resort !
it is nothing fancy but we 'll worth a visit !
nothing snapped off .
you are a horrible corporate monster .
the office is nice as well .
we will definitely be coming back for our puppy 's care .
another beer was ordered and did n't show up until we were finished eating .
the store is very clean .
the corned beef hash tasted like it came from a can .
great beers on tap also .
let me start by saying , i did n't pay for my meal .
server 's all very friendly and efficient .
the signage was poor .
quick , cheap and utterly delicious .
but other than that i really liked this place and their food and service .
not even mexican food .
favorite donut shop !
delicious .
in a restaurant of this caliber no coffee made ?
this one did n't disappoint .
friendly , prompt service .
hope they will keep the chew vibe alive !
this is counting my run ins with the tsa .
the crew of the ship are very friendly and the tour is very relaxing .
great place to stay .
what an awful experience we have just had .
im only leaving _num_ star because i have to .
in particular , as others have mentioned , the al pastor is fantastic .
this place was great .
whatever it was , we wo n't be going back .
a variety of of sundaes to choose from .
definitely give this office a try , you 'll be pleasantly surprised !
when i added the table salsa , it made it worse .
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .
so we are basically screwed out of our _num_ $ .
jennifer has always listened to my concerns and answered every question thoroughly .
i love bowling with the family .
absolutely brilliant , wish i would have thought of it myself .
its very small but very efficient .
the service was very casual and nice as well .
loved the corn beef hash .
great little store .
a gem in the hiding !
the waitress asked me if i would like something else .
price is okay , but you get what you pay for here .
great food , nice atmosphere , good service .
this place rocks !
it was just , eh .
first time going today and i got the new york pastrami .
the risotto ( shrimp , scallops , asparagus ) was absolutely delicious .
it is apparent they take great pride in their work !
great italian grocery and restaurant !
they will also put new lenses into any pair of frames you bring in .
terrible meat department , limited selection of produce .
very impressed with their knowledge and customer service .
good service , food and reasonable priced .
great place to meet people during happy hour and great drinks and food .
ny pizza at its finest .
ask for kim , she rocks !
i got a vanilla latte a couple minutes ago : it 's bitter .
i still love this place .
i highly recommend this place !
the service is always friendly and the place is clean and tidy .
i will hit this place up again .
also , staff was really friendly and helpful .
fair pricing , and great attitude in the shop .
my dog has a fabulous time coming here !
i was really disappointed by how tough the meat was .
chewy , tasteless pieces of bread .
however we still did n't have our check .
the man also did a very sloppy job .
clueless staff led by a clueless manager .
what the heck is wrong with these people !
amazing experience !
the donuts always tastes fresh .
many of the guests that were there were getting ready to leave .
excellent wings and pizza .
waitresses always friendly and quick .
a must see and eat place .
the lemon pecan rice and scallops were so good .
for some reason , it took them almost three hours .
a solid 5-star recommendation .
we are extremely pleased with their service and food products .
we felt very welcome .
b rating on wall .
very tasty and good portions .
the lemon drop , which was recommended by the waitress was horrible .
yum , every time .
this place is amazing !
what a great hotel .
every time i 've been here the food has been great .
all three are techniques i value .
it was well worth it .
thank you again.
nothing , including the cooking techniques , has been updated since then .
my experience was frustrating and a poor one .
good place to relax and talk with friends .
i highly recommend scottsdale vet !
i recently purchased my wedding dress at this location and received exceptional customer service .
worse than starbucks !
great blue cheese dressing .
i think my favorite part about this place is the hidden entrance .
it is expensive and romantic definitely more of a special occasion spot .
i did n't like it .
recommend to anyone !
i highly recommend and will definitely use this business again !
we order the beer sample which did n't require those types of glasses .
this is my favorite place to bowl !
also have had the antipasto salad and it is huge !
we love going here with the family .
cold , no flavor , runny cheese sauce and hardly any chicken .
i was so scared we rushed out the park and went to urgent care .
i highly recommend this resort for its unique setting and very relaxed atmosphere .
even veterans of this were a bit confused .
this year , we chose cowboy ciao .
there 's really no other way to explain it ... just ... not good .
they can keep that old lady crap !
the soda and condiment station is completely dirty almost gross .
it was amazing .
it was certainly not how we planned on celebrating our friend 's birthday .
cooks in the back look really weird and the place is a mess .
waited - over _num_ minutes ... after a reservations was made .
amazing !
my first visit was pretty standard .
excellent food !
there rude and unprofessional .
what a nice touch !
dr. marks is a one man practice .
this place had a lot of cool stuff , inside and out !
no wonder this place is always so empty !
if this is italian , dominos is pizza .
keep up the good stuff .
overall i would recommend going here .
thanks mike !
we split a few tiramisu for dessert and they were delicious .
always good food and great service : ) taylor is amazing !
management were slow on their end when you need help with anything .
it was too crowded .
we are so glad we found you and recommend you often !
if there was a negative star , that 's what this facility would get !
i have been going here since well before it moved to the new location .
what the hell ?
we are very picky with our food and restaurants .
best margarita !
sorry but not many people have that kind of money just laying around .
not _num_ mins later they delivered my pizza perfectly hot and tasty !
they all appear to hate their job .
but when they came back with the offer it was an absolute insult !
canine preferred is fantastic .
very smooth and excellent .
so far a great experience .
this store has great customer service .
she is passionate about what she does and it definitely shows in her work !
great customer service guys , great job !
the experience was fun too .
i just had the most amazing new mexico styled dinner at carlsbad tavern .
this is truly a gourmet market .
it 's a go-to date night choice for my fiance and i .
no business .
avoid at all costs should really be _num_ stars .
old owner and staff very friendly .
just a thought .
i was disappointed when my meal did not come with sauces .
the place is a bit hidden but that 's what i liked about it .
been coming here for years , everyone is always nice & friendly .
great home cooked food .
the complimentary cheese tortillas when we were seated were also quite the treat !
do not recommend .
the amenities are generous and attentive to detail .
i loved this place .
clean , beautifully kept hotel in a fantastic old town location .
when i got home the food was awful .
this is the best indian food place i have ever been .
my experience with this hall was terrible !
also liked the helpful staff .
great ambiance !
do not eat here !
this location is really awesome some times and other times it 's pretty lousy .
very bland cardboard .
the staff were all very friendly , helpful and well mannered .
my experience has been that paul is honest and trustworthy .
it 's your typical divey hipster bar inside but the beer selection quite sophisticated .
what a great neighborhood bar .
if you happen to be there , definitely try it out !
great work in a very quick time frame !
only gave two stars for the ease of scheduling .
oh and the views are amazing you can get some very nice pictures here .
love the waffles and fruit .
some would say that i should have demanded a different room .
also , it has been clean and sterile .
usually our go to spot for sunday football .
not very good customer service in my opinion .
the best part ?
great customer service , fantastic food , and they deliver !
i will never step foot in walmart again !
and the potatoes were slightly undercooked and not hot .
we ordered several dishes including the dumplings , seafood , and noodles .
by that time my guests knew there was an issue with the food .
went here to celebrate graduation and had the worst possible experience of my life .
if you want to try the food , forget delivery .
and it was n't that great .
super friendly and educated on all the menu items !
we 'll definitely recommend and return to this location for future purchases .
blt is by far - the best restaurant in the city .
terrible , the car was left scratches on the interior of my car .
apparently so .
the lunch portion was pretty big and the soup was easily enough for two .
i wo n't be going back .
these guys are the best .
the spa is well designed and everyone was very friendly .
so much fun on a saturday night .
rosita 's was a real disappointment .
so i did n't appreciate the attitude .
it 's all good !
they would never had said anything ... .
i highly recommend eating here !
just came from there not even _num_ minutes ago .
everything was generic and bland , at best .
even delivery was fantastic !
good times !
what a waste .
great place to get tires !
chips were fresh and salsas were tasty .
their style is very pei wei .
you will be helped and welcomed into very good care .
i would not recommend purchasing a vehicle here .
best place in phoenix !
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .
found this place on our recent trip to scottsdale .
horrible omg check out this leg ?
this place lacks so much .
price is fair for what you get .
best kimchee selection we 've found in phoenix .
drinks were very good and the meal was huge .
this place saw me coming a mile away .
the staff was really nice !
definitely worth the trip and will be back !
sometime they run special is your their facebook friend .
seems i always crave the sol on mondays .
we 've been here to play miniature golf multiple times .
do n't eat here .
a fine experience .
razz will bring you amazing dishes until you say stop .
would never come back to this park again .
rude , rude , rude , how does this place stay in business .
amazing view .
in case of fire in the main room i think you 're screwed .
water works for me !
clearly they need some staff training on customer service .
something the menu stated would be a $ _num_ upgrade -- fine by me .
place is hopping and still the service is top-notch .
i continue to recommend !
i do n't know why but chandler is really hurting for great mexican food .
my family has been eating there since it opened back in the day .
in june , i went to eat for my birthday .
friendly and fast drive-thru , great tortillas and flavorful pulled chicken .
the girl who answered the phone was very professional and did a great job .
not only rude but seriously , the slowest service ever !
the theater inside is exactly like being at a rave in an abandoned warehouse .
but , no more .
another week later he replaced our filter .
pizza was amazing !
and this week i am very , very upset .
boyfriend 's oatmeal was cold .
but it 's shoddy that runs through .
one of my favorites !
that was greatly appreciated .
ordered a large margarita , which was okay , nothing phenomenal .
the service was also friendly and fast .
definitely one of my favorites to head to for a good lunchtime meal .
the food is also amazing !
it was incredible .
best cornbread you 'll ever have !
i love the meatball sub .
waitress can recommend the best things to order .
so i printed my receipts and took them to the counter .
excellent food at reasonable prices .
not only that , they used previous patients as the excuse .
really makes my shipping and receiving much easier .
the lamb dish is pretty good but not the best in town .
she was very friendly and helpful .
every food plate that chef razz makes is unique and delicious .
three words it sucked , sucked , sucked !
this is the best beer selection in scottsdale hands down !
very cute store for unique gifts .
i 've been eating at this place for months , and they never disappoint .
the front office lied about moving out fees and sent me to collections .
also we had n't even gotten our check yet !
not much room so do n't bring too many with you .
this place is run with love and it comes out in their food .
still the best and will always recommend to everyone !
love this place .
the owner phil and everyone is so wonderful , accommodating , friendly and funny .
even little cesar 's gives free crushed peppers .
she is amazing !
good food and amazing view .
`` unique food with great flare . ''
great atmosphere , great steak .
we will return to the flaming kabob from now on .
will probably not return to los olivos ... .
this is a sweet little spot in a strip mall .
the staff was always very attentive and friendly .
the food is well worth the wait .
amazing .
the food is always great and for the price , ca n't beat that .
the food was absolutely wonderful !
beer was cold !
thanks !
we had a great workout and will be back .
no deserts .
sushi is world class .
great atmosphere and even better food .
best mexican food in old town for sure .
the ice cream here is fairly priced and extremely tasty .
mashed potatoes came out dry as all hell no manager in the building ... .
great people .
i enjoyed the short ribs which were tender , delicious and perfectly cooked .
thank you mark kia !
your coconut curry was so plain and flavorless !
that was $ _num_ per glass of iced tea .
got a winner on that one .
go there get drunk enjoy the people .
i may be a girl , but i 'm not stupid !
it 's a nice place to celebrate an anniversary .
this is where i would eat if i hated chinese food .
more black leaves then green leaves .
we tried four dishes and the were all delicious .
i woke up thinking about it this morning !
it is truly refreshing to see a smaller shop constantly be so busy .
great staff .
unfortunately the pizza was not edible .
not a big fan of the atmosphere , though .
i 've come _num_ times now and i wo n't be back .
it left a bad taste in my mouth .
definitely recommend !
thank you so much heather !
so good and authentic .
omelets are really good and pretty large .
good food and affordable drinks and a decent amount of tvs .
the place was kinda busy , several people getting mani/pedi 's .
i would not recommend going to this man .
regardless , avoid at all costs !
beautiful , large patio , excellent service , and great food .
no joke - this thing is amazing !
it was like complete rubber .
check it out if you are looking for tasty mexican food and drinks !
horrible doesnt begin to describe it .
the employees do n't care and the wait is soooo long !
she is an amazing hair surgeon .
great food at a reasonable price , and it will fill you up !
i would highly recommend and will definitely be back .
it 's pretty good .
and the staff is extremely friendly .
i doubt handicapped people want to walk across an entire parking lot !
i received a bill for _num_ dollars .
overall not a tasty plate at all .
i do n't know how this place got the reviews it did .
the owner ... tim i think , very nice guy !
however , the room smelled old and musty .
but i was n't going to be rude .
but to me this is unacceptable .
do n't stop in for the food .
the cooks do n't really know what they 're doing either .
great food , great wine , and great dessert .
happy hour was dreadful .
i did n't even get to sit with my friend to celebrate her birthday .
i ca n't believe that they call themselves a hospital .
this was the best new york style bagel place anywhere in the east valley .
he also has come to our house on short notice several times .
they are absolutely fantastic !
what a beautiful venue !
i love the service here too , they are always friendly .
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .
great atmosphere to get some friends together .
i just think it is unorganized and confusing to have five different waiters .
* knowledgable , quality , friendly & overall fantastic customer service !
this is so disappointing and unacceptable .
i 'm glad i found this place .
we 'll remove you from our list as quickly as possible .
great resort !
loved the melted cheese , would have made the perfect nachos .
she suggested that i can pay month by month hot this year .
great place to go to for all tire related issues .
how do you mess up refried beans ?
we ordered a large salad for _num_ to split with dressing on the side .
this pizza is quality hangover protection .
will be going back here for all our team needs .
amazing !
the ratings and reviews on yelp raised my expectations for this place .
( we are from seattle where nobody cares what you wear to dinner ! )
avoid this place if you can help it .
a good company with great mechanics !
they are a great value !
i really , really do .
i would n't say this is my favorite place to go out .
all this over an insulting _num_ minute period ?
occasionally , the chicken arrives overcooked and dry .
would n't go back .
gym is excellent .
i ordered the fish tacos , and they were so delicious .
food excellent .
it 's old , smelly and dirty .
she said sorry and walked away ... .
all were very good .
this place is cool .
the wait was a little long , but it was definitely worth it !
you 've been warned ... bleh .
the foods good but the servers are terrible .
not crowded , no wait for a table .
the food was amazing and staff was very helpful .
the hotel does not have room service or in room movies to rent .
the water pressure in the shower was horrible and the water was extremely hot .
ra should be embarrassed by this location .
this review is for the service dept .
clean , comfortable and relaxing .
she is intelligent and sweet .
i was really disappointed this evening .
their cheese steak sandwich is also great .
wow , i am in love with this place !
some people came _num_ minutes behind us was getting their foods before our noodle .
so anyway , i took my little puppy there .
i have never been so disgusted to sit down in a place .
my husband got the chicken piccata and it was awful .
pancakes the worst i 've ever had .
a co-worker had a pizza and it was great .
the service was great the whole time we were there .
the bathroom situation was insane , especially for the women .
this physician was highly recommended to me by more than one person .
i really enjoy the flannel style of hash .
a very badly designed residential complex .
you will love them !
most unfortunate indeed .
the margaritas were the best i 've had .
decided in the morning , i want this car i will do it .
regardless , i recommend them to everybody .
i just love this place .
you ca n't reach a human being on the phone .
great spot !
very friendly .
rick is professional and thorough with his work .
they clearly understood that our experience was bad .
now , no ice .
the service was great and the wine selection was huge !
we were seated quickly and our server liz was fantastic !
i was really impressed with the quality of service and the price .
best chinese i 've found in the scottsdale area !
i was out the door for $ _num_ and the glass fit perfectly .
perfect everytime .
not only were the entrees horrible the appetizers and desserts were equally bad .
grounds are beautiful .
i will definitely return , especially when rock lobster is playing .
absolutely delicious !
i wish i could give less than one star .
the building itself is pretty up to date too .
sandwich was so good !
great customer service !
great food at a great price .
i would never reccomend mark kia to anyone , ever .
the best wings in town .
i am sorry , i am unsure what everyone was taking about .
the fourth was forgotten entirely .
omg and that is no exaggeration .
the service was excellent .
the guys are all great and their food is to die for .
the police department was n't any better .
it was a great time to just relax with the family .
commercial dentistry with no heart .
so happy i stumbled upon this place !
it 's a lot of fun and perfect for groups .
in conclusion , this place is overpriced with limited options .
and , the staff are very friendly and accommodating .
great prices , selection , and service .
the decor is gorgeous and it is n't too loud inside .
there was absolutely no difference in the flavor between the _num_ bowls .
this food is reliable and quick and you know it will be enjoyable .
i was there early in the morning - more employees than customers .
people never wipe them down .
i liked this place .
a++ for them .
i had the classic stromboli .
i recommend the caprese salad and any of their sandwiches .
the back patio has a great atmosphere !
your car is going to get towed .
picture perfect pizza 's !
the office and exam rooms are clean and airy as well .
meh , was stuck in hotel and needed delivery .
so many beautiful woman was working when we went .
this year was such a disappointment .
still pretty good for az .
my pool is never right .
the salsa was tasteless , the salmon was gross and the ribs were worse .
the property definitely need a make over , it looked so outdated .
do not waste your money here on a meal .
but he was n't worth another minute of my life .
it was n't funny at all .
the food made at the grill inside is amazing !
the az restaurant specials were a great deal to take advantage of .
if you 're over _num_ do n't go there !
those $ _num_ entrees you 're used to will be at least $ _num_ .
the staff was very friendly and even joked around with us .
coffee is always fresh , donuts and bfast foods always plentiful and fresh .
i would not go back there again .
i would highly recommend this groomer !
have to pay for chips .
worst customer service in the pharmacy department ever .
you saved me a lot of sweat and tears today !
horrible customer service .
amazing food and deserts no matter what is ordered .
chimichanga wasnt that bad .
thanks , the brake shop !
this place rocks .
maintenance is required monthly .
what a wonderful hotel !
she does n't need a bath .
but this was almost inedible .
they have a great lunch special that has tons of food for $ _num_ .
the inside of the restaurant felt sleazy and i definitely would not return here .
becky is amazing .
they are fast and friendly .
server was a bit pushy , but i would n't say rude .
not happy at all , and wo n't be back .
we had an excellent experience with keith and laura , the nurse practitioner .
bob & minute man cleaners are `` amazing '' !
i definitely recommend this place !
my wife was so hungry , she ate it all .
they are totally disorganized and only care about the new ac unit .
always had great service and yummy food .
whether it 's for the grocery aspect or the restaurant , it is delicious !
the waitstaff are friendly and service is good and food quality is good .
`` must go '' in you are ever in scottsdale .
i had an excellent dinner in the outdoor restaurant .
highly recommend this awesome joint !
great family owned water store .
she ca n't forget that moment .
love these guys !
it is like all the other busy restaurants in mesa , just average .
stay away from and find a street cart , seriously .
it smelled and looked liked it had not been cleaned that morning .
it 's kind of off putting .
god bless dairy queen .
staff is better than ever !
she is amazing and will do exactly what you want !
it takes a little effort , but the results were spectacular .
thank you so much for my beautiful dress !
the server seemed overwhelmed despite there was only about _num_ occupied tables .
buca is fun for a chain .
i declined and whatever .
it is a great italian restaurant .
very , very , very disappointing .
both were delicious .
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .
definately , i will no go back .
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .
a well oiled operation with amazing timing on delivering the courses hot and delicious .
the sandwiches are great , pizza is good , and they sell wine .
we really enjoyed our stay and appreciated the extra amenities .
i give it _num_ stars because the decor is off the hook !
i was embarrassed after having taken out of town visitors to this place .
my friend said his beer was ok , so one star .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .
if you 're looking for something like clean freak , this is n't it .
also , no air conditioning during our stay .
this place is awesome !
got ta go , i 'm hungry !
my towels were dirty with brown spots all over it .
definitely recommend .
shame shame shame .
live and love local !
food was good , hot and tons of it !
we are wine drinkers and gave up on bottles .
it tastes horrible , stay away .
i love this place , best chicken mole ever !
a beautiful piece of italian heaven !
rude , offensive , inappropriate and snotty is all i can say .
produce looked like trash .
never ever going back there , total crooks !
one of my favorite choices .
so you are n't my problem . ''
great place to take guests if you 're not sure what they like .
the spacious patio area is great .
this restaurant is quality in every aspect !
i 've tried a lot of dishes here too .
once the laugh factory opens in scottsdale , i 'll take my business there .
not worth the price .
no sense of urgency or customer service .
great bar food , great staff , and great music was playing .
the tortilla was really fresh which was a nice surprise !
love , love , love this place !
fries were nice and hot .
got what i needed , price was good .
i was surprised that their lunch menu was everyday .
best on in the chandler area .
i 've tried almost everything and it 's all delicious .
it 's tangy , it 's sweet , it 's just awesome !
my first apartment and its a nightmare .
highly recommend !
this was probably the best place we have found so far .
what a treat !
waitress discounted are bill _num_ % for the inconvenience .
i was impressed both times .
they turned out amazing .
they have great margaritas and menu .
what do you expect from an entirely baked work force .
$ _num_ for .
staff is very helpful .
great company !
responded today to a groupon and denise cut and styled my hair .
this dish the noodles are literally almost a soup .
this place sucks .
it was bland and tasteless .
one girl had a huge rat on her shoulder and it was beyond disgusting .
healthy gourmet food in the prettiest setting in all of az .
this was a new experience for me , but was a nice start .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !
upon arrival , i choose to inspect my order .
it is always delicious .
food was wonderful !
very happy with the result .
the waiter even was nice to take pictures of us !
dead duck in pond on # _num_ had not been removed .
she was a crappy waitress and the food was less than average .
damn that green flannel is great .
we had an amazing dining experience .
great menu and great prices !
well worth every bite !
horrible horrible horrible .
they took great care of my car .
great dive bar , small and dark , good people and good times !
the meat is freshly sliced , and the bread is super soft !
this is a great place to get an eye exam .
great , friendly service with faster than quoted turn around time .
the soft shell crab tempura is delicate and crisp .
then i realized why i had n't been back in _num_ years .
no stars is what in want to give .
well worth it .
did n't start with a good impression at all .
great staff .
was he thinking that we were not going to get any food ?
not good .
it was very flavorful .
the building is old and the bathrooms are disgusting and falling apart .
we live out of state and made the mistake of trusting them .
good food great atmosphere .
it was out of toilet paper but there was soap and paper towels .
like sticky dough , uncooked .
when i walked in i understood why .
also pretty affordable compared to other boarding companies .
they even put in fresh gas .
give it a shot !
great spot if you like comedy acts .
wait staff was very attentive and super friendly .
the strips are also very good .
the calamari was sooo tender and i loved the batter on it .
love this place !
worth a special trip when you are in phoenix .
that comes with the smaller location though .
food and service were both great .
nice tropical bar and good happy hour specials .
we love it .
killer food and the help is always super nice .
amazing !
the garlic chicken is good too .
great food , great service and great ambiance outside .
the sauce was watery and flavorless .
wrong !
highly recommended .
gross !
clean and classy .
my bad , not theirs .
guys who read this take a date their .
good group restaurant spot !
food was not good at all .
good first date .
consistently delicious !
very friendly service .
this place deserves to go out of business .
when we walked in we were ignored for a good few minutes .
i understand this is n't her fault , but the restaurants .
great food - great service !
will definitly frequent this place .
i love this place .
swing by for great food .
do n't recommend .
i rather pay a little more for a better quality .
i know they were going through $ $ issues but this place was horrible .
i has the brisket dish and it was pretty good .
so , thanks .
my iced tea was never refilled .
big mistake !
ps : expect slower service , because it is truly mom and pop .
i do not often wish i 'll will upon another person .
he will explain his treatment plan and you take it from there .
the food is excellent , the prices are decent and the atmosphere is great .
the service was great .
service is good .
best curry i 've had since i 've been in az .
they also have great drinks .
the food is memorable , the ambiance interesting and the people watching phenomenal .
never been inside but drive through service is just fine .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .
this is a great low key bar that 's offers good drink specials .
and did i mention the food is amazing !
fast , with a smile and the best pricing you can find on diamonds .
the wings are pretty good .
the customer service in the pro shop is terrible .
they hit all the right notes .
yum !
fantastic place i had a wonderful time .
awesome cookies !
my favorite subway so far !
this is one of my favorite restaurants !
it is what it is .
prices are decent but worth the experience .
this was one weird meal .
salads are $ $ but clever and abundant .
all of the men are so nice and helpful !
oh well , who cares ... right ?
still open under a new name , ca n't remember what it is .
great deli and grocery .
love it !
the stetson chopped salad is delicious and a perfect portion .
our favorite dennys .
i was n't in the mood and i found it annoying .
not even a cup of coffee !
and if there 's a line of cars , park and go inside .
amazing management amazing employees everybody is so happy and genuine .
the pizzas and wings were oven hot and the best flavor ever .
nothing special .
elmer 's is our family 's favorite !
our first time here after a long but great day at the ball park .
the gentlemen , angel , was so nice and was totally welcoming .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
yeah !
amazing food .
we really enjoyed our sandwiches and recommend both the food and the service .
the wine list wonderful .
picked lunch up for the office and everyone was impressed !
this is the worst panda express location there is !
complaints aside , the place was n't a total wash .
we gave it a _num_ out of _num_ .
they have great sliders too !
strangely , god responded .
wo n't come back to this starbucks location .
service is good and friendly .
excellent , comprehensive service .
there goes my $ _num_ .
i will definitely frequent sushi kee as should all .
love this place !
not even real brown sauce .
great food at a very excellent price !
ugh , i 've had better .
the food was delicious , and the restaurant was clean .
this is completely unacceptable .
the rice was exactly room temperature .
about five days later , it would not start again .
based on their silly little policy , i guess this would make sense .
the food is terrible .
gourmet chinese food would be $ _num_ for one entree plus tax and tip .
the burgers are exceptional .
this is the best pizza in mesa .
service was good , food was good , atmosphere was good .
this location has been closed for months .
the food here is outstanding .
your specials are atrocious .
i 've stayed a few times and love the location .
ordered the carne adovada ... bland , dry , and boring .
she clearly was not interested in helping a returning customer .
great pork fried rice and fried shrimp !
these guys are great .
it 's _num_ _num_ and you are standing doing nothing !
honestly my girlfriend and i favorite place .
i do n't really care for avenue 's clothes .
i recommend them without reservations .
thanks much ken .
do n't go to this salon .
it 's a nice personal touch that starts off the night right .
light and refreshing !
fresh fluffy donuts .
we asked numerous times for ketchup and she kept forgetting .
rent at your own risk .
i love this place .
the kids meal comes with a small soft serve cone in vanilla or rootbeer .
the mechanics are so knowledgable and fair .
overall , we liked this place a lot and the lunch prices were great .
this place really knows what they are doing .
i got `` the bird '' .
the bar is nice also if you want to catch a game .
great place to bring family and friends when they are in town .
loved it !
service is good for a quick food place .
i despise going to this walgreens .
service fantastic and the atmosphere is so authentic and southwestern .
_num_ minutes later i get an angry knock at the door .
the owner was incredibly rude to me .
complimentary happy hour - and the beers are on tap !
really good tacos !
the staff is awesome the food is great .
also bring a cell phone and most importantly , `` your own tube '' !
no firearms .
this wine bar has an attentive staff and very romantic setting .
the check-in process seems overly complicated .
i was in town for a wedding and came here for lunch .
i would highly recommend this shop .
had a touch of heat , but you also need the sour .
great place .
we had a wonderful time here and it is very scenic .
all this while the tables surrounding were served and cleared .
slow at the register .
besides all this their prices are n't the best around .
great beer , great food , and usually the service is great .
karaoke is so much fun and the crowd is always super friendly .
they 're very knowledgeable , helpful and friendly while still being hard-working and professional !
i 've already wasted time eating there .
_num_ seconds later she wanted to know our order .
`` you grab their little legs and pull . ''
she brought me gf tortillas but it was too late .
great flavor and lots of spice .
very polite people and a cool environment .
great service !
pita chips were burnt .
my parents came in town and i decided to take them here .
i will absolutely be going back .
great food and great service .
very good bagel and coffee .
i have had a fantastic meal every single time without fail .
very good seafood !
best pizza that has ever ever ever touched my lips !
ray got it fixed within one day .
pro : our _num_ mo old loved it .
perfect amount of food and the bill was more than reasonable .
love this place !
wow , very impressed !
when you ask for extra meat , they give it to you !
i just left .
stopped in for a bite to eat and loved it .
nick 's is a great little neighborhood spot !
there 's often a wait but good things are worth waiting for .
we ate many places on our vacation and this was the best by far .
our room was updated and very comfortable .
its always very quiet there .
what a great bar !
ok , another bite ... .
and my stomach was upset for about four hours after i ate it .
and it was a very fair price .
kinda cool .
garbage .
he seemed annoyed when we asked questions and rushed through the specials .
the atmosphere at night is so special .
lisa has been great !
wo n't be back .
count me in as a fan .
i ordered something that is n't on the on-line menu .
i admit my son 's ages _num_ and _num_ were a little noisy .
i love this place .
nonetheless it was a good time .
one of my favorite breakfast spots in arizona !
the ambience is dark and relaxing .
but cool fountain and we enjoyed dining in the courtyard under the pretty lights !
_num_ ) sales staff is extremely pushy .
genuine and professional .
great salespeople !
place is a rip off !
my new favorite place in phoenix !
apparently the elderly like gross food .
very clean inside will be back for sure .
the owner is terrific .
four of us asked the waitress to bring us their most popular dishes .
the service is outrageously bad .
horrible customer service !
great food , super friendly staff , and very reasonably priced .
there is new management that has been extremely friendly and responsive .
super fast super friendly service .
great service and even better food !
the salad itself was a real let down .
scott is the best technician and very nice .
terrible .
plus great beautiful waitresses .
love them !
get here early and try something new !
okay atmosphere , it smells really bad inside .
it may be because we ordered badly .
the walls are paper thin .
great service at a great price .
the dining room smelled fantastic .
i was impressed .
whatever you do , do not make the mistake of moving into this property .
small , cute spot , with outdoor seating .
highly recommended .
this is the first time this place let me down .
this gave us time to peruse the menu and decide on a combo plate .
overall it was one of the best hotel experiences i have ever had .
i loved it and will go back .
quality of food is fantastic .
the place was alive with music and the bartenders were great .
thanks yelper 's for your comments because i had to check this place out .
it 's exactly what it sounds like , which is amazing .
it is the neighborhood spot , and the food is terrific .
they have a huge variety of flavors .
it 's very hipster yet swanky .
the framing was a mess !
such random ingredients but the combination is so good it 's almost sinful .
probably not .
what a fantastic dive .
this was one of the best breakfasts i 've had in quite a while .
the service was good .
overall a good experience even took my wife .
worst customer service on the planet !
and they charge me $ _num_ late fees .
the attention to detail added the perfect touch to our evening !
so there we waited ... _num_ minutes for that freakin ' cobbler !
with the prices now , i would n't give it a second glance .
i can check this dump off my bucket list .
great bagel .
i guess i 'm gross but whatever .
i was not greeted .
everyone there is super friendly and really show that they put the customer first .
bandera is just a great standard and they always do well .
i love this store !
my family has eaten here for as long as they 've been in business .
price is reasonable .
i am literally counting down the days until my lease ends .
no egg .
they were great .
what a great feeling to go in and be treated like family .
the staff is super friendly and its always a great experience !
i 'm _num_ and the management really does its best .
best i can find in the `` valley '' .
great fun for all !
the show was also nice .
it was so good !
the rest of the stuff on the plate was crap .
excellent customer service , quality work ... very competitive pricing .
i really do not understand why the reviews are so good .
this poor amusement park needs help !
the service is remarkable and i would recommend this place to everyone !
not professional at all , please fire her .
but even just getting pepperoni is amazing .
the waiter said no , that 's not true .
great play for family fun .
i refer all my family and friends to them .
great little place !
the patio is great for both warm summer nights and chilly winter evenings .
i did n't get to enjoy the cafe downstairs but it looked good .
really quick , friendly and relaxed service .
she was not friendly or polite to us .
loved the food and the services was amazing .
this place has very bad customer service !
dependable ny style pizzeria .
i 've been to plenty of jamba juice locations before .
service was awful .
i again was very polite throughout my entire time there .
just not worth it .
now the bad : my family is vegetarian with the exception of me .
this was a very pleasant surprise !
my favorite breakfast in scottsdale on our trip !
i am not kidding you this happened three times .
_num_ mechanics sitting around and ca n't get it .
i have been here a few times for work lunches .
this is my absolute favorite mexican restaurant in the whole valley .
i would n't give this place another hard earned dime !
everyone is always so friendly and accommodating !
steak was such bad quality .
kids meals are incredible , grilled salmon , grilled cheese and sushi roll options .
i love this place , the atmosphere and staff are amazing .
highly recommend them .
the shows change often enough that you can go back many times a year .
the waiters that said that he could not do that .
ordered fresh brewed tea , bean and cheese burrito and guacamole .
but this was my first delivery experience with horribly burnt pizza .
owner came over and helped us with our selections without being asked !
when they arrived _num_ minutes later , both pizzas were soggy and inedible .
service with a smile and a great clean , bright atmosphere .
service was great , food was just okay .
a bit pricey for italian food but good food .
awesome modest little restaurant with super service from the owner .
nordstrom is the best in town !
terrible service !
very tasty and great service !
within minutes , the other _num_ people arrived with no where to sit .
how depressing , poor representation of the state .
they have an amazing happy hour and delicious drinks ... .
bad service , food was cold , and very expensive .
_num_ hours for pizza and dessert is nuts !
their seafood cocktails are mind blowing .
love this place !
ate here saturday november 3rd .
absolutely loved this restaurant .
service was great also .
best in the valley these foodies have experienced .
terrible .
elmer even knows all his customers from the high school then and now .
i have always been happy with my extensive dental needs .
the server and was extremely rude .
they next day the price they quoted me was different yet again .
friendly staff .
fun atmosphere !
fresh food !
not a good look !
i have always had the most professional sevice .
but they can trick you with the pay scheduling .
it needs a major overhaul , then there is the parking lot .
food is always delicious and portions are large and plentiful especially for the price .
the carts are new and always clean and nice .
they are usually there with their amazing fare .
we had an excellent meal .
all the food is amazing and everything is all you can eat .
i lost my best friend , of _num_ years .
the tamales are some of the best ever .
emily has been doing my hair for years and she does a fantastic job !
they treat their patients like family !
this was a full service place .
if you are looking for good mexican food , do n't look here .
this is a standout italian eatery amongst a lot of competition in scottsdale .
he proceeded to tell me that he could n't do that for me .
best brunch ever !
excellent service !
look at my other reviews ... we are not super picky and ridiculous people .
it just did n't have any flavor !
they offer some healthy choices as well which is always important !
next time i would pay a hospital for x-rays , and real medical treatment .
so yeah , food totally sucked .
one of the best antique stores in the east valley .
i left feeling beautiful .
used to go here all the time and noticed food was changing .
it was not prepared as explained in the menu and chicken overcooked .
but this is by far the worst one i have ever been to .
their other stuff is great too and the menu is always rotating .
as every waiter at every $ _num_ dive says , `` enjoy '' .
so creamy and sweet !
their customer service fantastic .
the office always gave me the run around very rude .
the staff is friendly and always gets my order right .
it takes this much for me to not tip someone .
keep it up joe !
excellent food , excellent service and great atmosphere .
the food is absolutely amazing but the service is terrible .
enjoy !
stopped in to meet my wife for lunch .
i went online and it was literally impossible to cancel that way .
nothing offensive about them .
they are honest and give you a fair price for repairs .
i have taken my two dogs here for grooming four or five times .
the entire staff is always friendly and helpful .
they are so friendly and helpful !
i freakin almost died here .
i really miss the grilled lamb sirloin .
this is not the place to go for fabulous mexican food .
it looks old and outdated .
i am so glad yelp introduced me to this local gem !
moe made it exceptionally easy and stress free .
great food and service .
i should 've demanded a refund but was too disgusted to stay anymore .
stars _num_ and _num_ : how was the food ?
unfortunately i ended up leaving very unsatisfied in the job done .
great food at a great price !
a wide variety to choose from and very affordable .
they get the hash browns perfect !
the price was terrific and would play this course again .
all were outstanding !
love it !
as inexpensive as this place is i left feeling over charged and unsatisfied .
it 's burger king , not morton 's steak house .
he 's a rarity among doctors these days .
food was outstanding the service and ambience were great !
great specials .
the service is truly great , i feel as comfortable as a regular there .
he apologized over and over about something he had no control over .
i bought it at ace for about $ _num_ .
overall great service and very good food .
speed quality price .
my biggest issue was how they handled billing .
every dessert is super good and worth saving room for .
love love love !
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
they have okay food but may favorite experience is on friday nights with karaoke !
do n't let their tiny little shop fool you - the food is fantastic .
if you love your pets , do not take your pets here !
crystal should be fired !
great service .
i rented a box here a month ago .
apple soda is great too !
too big actually .
was fantastic .
will not return to this business .
i love this sephora .
i normally do n't like beans but their beans are sooooo good .
i will return as often as i can .
not cool , marriott , not cool .
also , many things are consistently not stocked if you go in the evening .
you 'll spend more here than you will at dodge theater .
it folded over , and made an even worse left over .
the guac was nice and fresh with not too much onion .
love how inviting and cozy the place is .
fantastic place .
friendly staff and many menu options of german fare .
this place was terrible !
great office .
nordstrom has the best quality , brands , and pricing of products .
it takes the right touch and they do it right .
wow , the green chili chimichanga is hands-down the best i have had ever !
a little hidden , but worth the search .
called _num_ or _num_ times and even left a message but nothing .
not bad not best ever , just ok .
trash .
i loved every aspect of suzanne 's bridal .
good place for a romantic dinner !
the staff is always kind , helpful and very professional .
this was probably the only really good thing about the meal .
they loved it .
had several customers walk out due to the wait , very rude costumer service .
so happy to have this talented in charge of my hair !
chick parm ... deli meats ... fresh pizza dough ... i love this place .
this bar does n't need you .
and excellent margaritas .
the servers are fantastic too !
a variety of washers and dryers .
is there a negative number for review ?
they smile and you can see they have teeth .
one of my favorite breakfast places .
i 've never seen anything like it .
fantastic food + impeccable service = _num_ stars , baby .
maybe i 'll give you another try , roaring fork .
will definitely come here next time i 'm in scottsdale !
i 'm am very pleased to live close by !
still worth checking out nonetheless .
the ambiance here is so nice .
you guys got ta get it together so people do n't leave in frustration .
it 's a great place to take a date .
will not be returning .
they have a huge variety of sandwiches and bagels .
it 's worth the trip .
their selection is very wide and their employees are really nice .
thank you , so much .
best to shop during day light hours .
grimaldi 's knows how to make a tasty one .
quite possibly the best sandwich i 've had in scottsdale .
the background is gorgeous .
i love the color of my hair and so appreciated her ability and kindness .
the lettuce was wilted , the carrots rubbery .
from the live alternative bands that perform here ( usually good ! )
come to think of it , so is my business .
from my feet she should have been aware .
super delicious lunch .
will return !
you are not getting accurate reviews here .
karen h .
the sandwiches are ok , but come with no sides .
i love the fact that my daughter 's wedding was absolutely perfect .
this used to be my favorite place to eat .
i recommend going there .
not gel !
roman was super nice and have great customer service !
when it arrived i was so disappointed .
the place is beautifully decorated .
i recommend extra bug juice .
very impressed with our recent five day stay at the phoenician .
thumbs up !
i have skipped out on several shows hosted by the marquee .
the beans and rice were overcooked and tasteless .
she 's awesome !
this place is the best of everything i 've tried around here .
they serve everything with style and the place is easy on the eyes .
highly recommend this particular spa .
love finding interesting food , love tasting whatever they 're sampling .
i 've always found the service to be good and the food great .
great food , nice wine .
what a great way to celebrate the beginning of summer .
great breakfast with all sorts of food and fruit .
great place for good homestyle fast food .
literally about _num_ minutes away .
each night brings new people , bands and drink specials .
friendly , affordable , and clean .
the margherita pizza is perfect !
if they just read their own reviews they would stop doing that .
the orders came out quickly and i received great service during both visits .
thanks for wasting my time and money chuck .
remember the name is the salt cellar .
i am very pleased with the service i received .
had an enjoyable oil change here the other day , haha .
this is the best place i have ever taken my car .
it is closed .
the blt was just as sorry .
this place makes me feel nostalgic .
disgusting .
seems like a wide range of beer .
i 'm seating some guests here and you ca n't sit here ! ''
they also maintain the property well .
came here for my friends ' wedding and wow , what a gorgeous place !
it is a cute place off the path a little .
they then tried to sell me other things such as alignment .
nothing to come back for any more .
the food is good but not worth this much frustration .
nice neighborhood restaurant !
i really enjoyed this bar .
great wine selection , great food , great fun .
the fact that the maids that clean these rooms did n't notice is ridiculous .
smells nice .
yum yum !
we made the most beautiful cards .
no call .
it 's horrible .
needless to say , we wo n't be returning here anytime soon .
the food is pretty good .
to top everything off the band told me the only got paid $ _num_ .
great place to leave your children .
i 'm a fan !
friendly atmosphere and great service .
i can only imagine how he treats his poor employees !
i really like this place .
we will definitely have another event here again !
napoli is a great place to eat .
order food came out bland and tasteless .
thanks guys !
the fish is very buttery and fresh .
the haircut that i got is in no way what i clearly asked for .
the server was super nice and helpful !
i really enjoyed the atmosphere , and all the workers were friendly .
great experience !
the staff here is very friendly and efficient .
this place is clean , well lit , and well priced .
not so .
have eaten here a couple times and really enjoy the food .
zero food quality .
absolutely the best carne i 've ever had and the service is great also .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
hope to see you soon !
the food on the other hand was bland .
the others were laughing .
if you have n't been , i highly recommend checking it out .
no onions , no peppers .
they were all fantastic .
they should have just refunded me back the cost of the plate .
the service was fast , very friendly and totally professional .
pineapple shrimp is still my favorite .
also the staff is great !
clean premises and pleasant employees .
they are knowledgable , friendly , and very helpful .
no wonder it 's packed with eaters .
huge servings !
so good and great service staff and environment .
thanks brenda & staff for all you do !
the atmosphere is great and very comfortable .
outstanding serves , food , food and more food !
i kid you not !
everything was cooked to perfection , beautifully plated , and tasted like a dream .
the food is delicious .
scan your own self in , whatever .
i would recommend vca northern to anybody .
if i could leave a negative star review i would .
now it 's just another greedy restaurant .
it was my first time here and i loved it .
management is terrible .
i received an amazing scalp massage along with a blow dry style .
yes , like rotten meat .
once again , i was there early so we could have a table .
she had everything needed & just had me fill out the paperwork .
it 's a warm and inviting place that treats you like family .
if i could give this place no stars , i would .
drop off and pick up are perfect .
incredibly impressed with volvo of tempe 's service department !
this is the worst burger king in the valley !
it was romantic and the staff was helpful and friendly !
definitely something i will have again !
he is so honest , hardworking , and has the best prices on everything .
that was overpriced at _num_ and very mediocre .
a disappointed customer .
whoever reads the reviews on this restaurant do not go there .
thanks for the perfect repair .
ordered chicken parm and mac and cheese .
i love it .
the wings are our favorite , sweet hot in particular .
it 's a very happy office .
so why the bad review ?
very good for something light .
this is my favorite restaurant in the scottsdale area .
the coffee here was terrible as well , no taste , just bitter .
their bc iced coffee is incredible and the eggs benedict is good .
all the neighbors are really nice .
these guys do burgers and they do them right !
thanks jim for all your help .
the service is very friendly , and the portions are huge .
the whole family enjoyed it tremendously .
very short term business people behind the counter of the pro shop .
i visited again a week ago with a serious craving for corned beef hash .
amazing .
i plan on coming here again , hope my review helps you .
my favorite is a classic hard salami with provolone .
awesome place for breakfast .
of the $ _num_ deposit i put down i got back $ _num_ !
the place is so interesting .
he was wonderful .
the beer selection is still exceptional .
to top it all off , there was a giant box of cats ... .
i did n't end up with much .
one of the worst dental experience of my life .
been to a lot of shows but the intimate setting of this room rocked !
enjoyed the customer service .
that being said their service is not that great .
thank you stephen !
although the owner was very friendly the lady giving me my mani/pedi was rude .
this is our favorite italian restaurant ever , hands down !
i 'm drooling as i type this because it was that good .
nothing special about it , no hot towels , hot stones , etc .
the only slightly redeeming qualities about this place is the juke box & restroom .
jiffy lube cracked my radiator with their `` flush '' service .
okay , my room was n't ready yet , no big deal .
i would not recommend coming here .
definitely recommend the restaurant for dinner and breakfast !
kudos for a job well done !
excellent mom and pop restaurant .
huge mistake .
i highly recommend him .
( no exaggeration ) .
the best food here is in liquid form ( the beer ) .
this place is a landmark .
the salon has a beautiful mountain view and is very peaceful .
i 'm not sure how that 's possible .
steve plays on monday & tuesday afternoons and is always entertaining .
this place is adorable !
and the guys there always been very professional and very honest with me .
great choice of ice cream flavors & toppings made for tough decisions .
the staff is always attentive and friendly , and the beers are always cold !
the az chicken salad is my favorite .
there are always a lot of great events happening here .
but it started out rocky does n't mean anything because it stayed rocky !
sushi is of excellent quality and the service was on point .
they always remember us and the food is real awesome italian food !
everyone was very professional , competent and friendly .
took the family to bbq and they all loved the food .
great food and wait staff .
avoid !
we will continue to bring our doggie here .
highlight of the evening .
love this place !
prices are amazing .
i really loved staying here !
very nice view but very slow service and unacceptable food .
i called the phone number and the bus driver answered the phone .
helpful polite staff .
the hot fresh garlic bread to the table was a nice touch as well !
i love this place .
love it !
the food was bland , flavorless .
salads were pretty bad with just iceberg lettuce .
they do n't even know where nike is located .
the people who help with the procedures are very nice & competent .
stop giving me the cold shoulder .
they also have express lunch pricing as well .
finally their salads are big enough to share .
other than that the food is fantastic & the service is great !
i think they are very confused .
highly recommended .
both times it was excellent !
really tasty burritos , friendly service and great hot sauce .
this is the best place to get homemade mexican food in scottsdale !
overall it was a good atmosphere and well priced .
the food here is top notch - everything they make is amazing .
do n't waste your time or money .
so when i called i was told they are _num_ minutes away .
great flavor !
the bad : god , i fucking hate this joint .
lines were long , staff was not friendly whatsoever .
such a great store !
my husband and i love this place !
the crowd is well mixed , slightly older and more sophisticated .
i love this place .
my pets absolutely love coming to the scottsdale pet hotel .
but its the services that makes it great .
had a great experience here while waiting for an oil change .
average food plus brilliant staff = _num_ stars .
it 's expensive but not worth the money .
no stars for the tired , drab & dusty interior .
but they sure werent helping the lady out .
very disappointed in this place .
no flavor and they forgot the tomato sauce .
it was really fun .
andrea had a horrible attitude from the start .
this is it !
she was n't very friendly , not rude but inviting .
in my opinion that is very poor customer service .
good italian food at a good price .
phenomenal !
this place just sucks .
sad , this used to be a staple in my family .
great little mexican joint .
i love this animal hospital .
a crazy combination of ingredients that work so well together .
just a good time place .
popular , busy , and delicious !
run , do n't walk , away from this company !
mellow people .
we also ordered a dozen wings .
the salads are great .
everything is greasy and not very fresh .
nice crowd .
robert 's catering made our wedding reception a breeze .
highly recommended .
i guess not a good day to visit this location .
the store was incredibly empty .
all the performers are extremely talented musicians and pretty funny as well .
get the huevos con masa with some fresh squeezed juice !
he has enormous technical skills .
good food .
they deserve _num_ !
how are their sandwiches so so good !
best persian restaurant in town .
they also have a nice patio .
this was n't it .
a great place to get some excellent mexican food in a casual setting .
it tasted like canned tomato soup .
he then stopped by and gave us _num_ cards .
we love the pizza .
i also ordered _num_ beer and that was almost $ _num_ .
oh , and the food was disgusting on that night .
there are new owners and they are making changes to pay for their buy .
found my new auto repair location , great job .
the burger was very dry .
her rates are very reasonable for the high quality product you will receive !
this sucks !
this is one of those great neighborhood gems that had an exceptional chef .
thought _num_ bags should do it - did n't .
prime rib was good , a little dry on one edge .
suzanne and her staff were excellent !
the food was good !
absolutely the best high tea i have had .
all in all , i do n't really want to ever return .
the food is abysmal , way past dated .
the calzones , meatball subs , and baked ziti were amazing !
the service was just as good as the food .
the place has a nice vibe and the service is very customer oriented .
next time , i 'll remember not to bother to go to fry 's .
this library has a good selection of books , esp newer ones .
tiffany never brought my water .
super professional and friendly .
wrong !
stuffy service .
love !
the best homemade tortillas in scottsdale !
grazie was wonderful .
poor quality food !
a great little local establishment .
it seems the request for extra room was against the rules here .
the food is very yummy .
very relaxing ride .
i would never come back .
i will try to include photo of our pizza .
i would not recommend the carlsbad tavern restaurant .
great dining experience .
papago brewing co 's orange blossom beer is so good .
one girl made my trip very pleasurable , her name was kelsey .
any sandwich that i have had is fresh .
worst kfc i have ever been to .
i recommend getting it hot .
( ( thoughts - from who the dd ice fairly ?
some people 's food was forgotten .
goes great with pizza and hot wings .
i loved what she did .
he did n't even inquire about us wanting more .
best tuna poke ever .
all in all , delicious .
it 's clean , well kept , and the employees are fairly decent .
we also really like the halibut .
so happy i called this company , would definitely call again .
she really helped on choosing the right wings and drinks .
however , my last visit couple of weeks ago has me warning others .
always friendly great service .
they are very friendly .
good mix on the menu and fast service .
the people in there are friendly as well !
talk about excellent service when i was in a desperate situation !
the food was just mediocre ; not enough spice and flavor .
this place rocks .
hope you enjoy as much as i have !
perfect time , perfect place .
never had minestrone with broccoli ( and peas ) .
we have always enjoyed the atmosphere and food .
really good choice if you like dark , bitter coffee .
drop off and pick up is efficient .
i thought it would be too rich , but it was just perfect !
waiter sitting on kitchen counter .
highly recommended !
we leave having eaten nothing .
and the beef with broccoli was bland as well .
i met wonderful property management team - kristen , tracy , kim & eddie .
easy .
there was no signs of a radiator leak until i took my car in .
regardless of that the food was outstanding .
the pizza was decent but at $ _num_ , i sort of expected better .
i am a restaurant manager and have _num_ years of service industry experience .
it was delicious and probably the best pork tenderloin i 've ever had .
the frosting was more than enough and was very flavorful .
he is very thorough and definitely cares for his patients .
funky interior .
chili was great .
ice cream is fresh and creamy .
everything that i have had was great .
i would give them negative stars if i could .
i received outstanding service and very fair pricing .
the food is amazing and well worth the wait .
the place is always crowded !
this is my favorite subway .
the women 's bathroom had _num_ stall working out of _num_ .
we love this place !
we were all disappointed , but it was n't too big of a deal .
friendly service and reasonable prices .
i went here last night with some friends and enjoyed it !
it 's clear they want to turn the salon into a med day spa .
ambience was amazing .
everything was delicious .
the service was absolutely top-notch , and the facilities were exceptional .
nice family atmosphere in the neighborhood .
very disappointed .
for presentation i would only give it a slightly above par .
it was bizarre .
i highly doubt i will ever be back to this weird ass place !
food , while small in portion , is terrific .
anyway , i decided on the rice bowl size .
the reviews were good , so we gave it a try .
i would recommend this shop to everyone .
always accurate , always friendly !
they have a very good selection .
his staff is friendly and always willing to help .
the dresses were clean , large selections and fantastic customer service .
they lie to you about fees and then change them after you move in .
received it luke warm .
tremendous service .
excellent steak and lobster , service always above average .
just gone done with a birthday dinner here for my cousin .
thanks to danielle for the great service and smiles .
the food is really good .
they are a great place to go !
the chicken entree i ordered was also very tasty .
bottom line - excellent dining experience .
every time since , not so good .
carl is the best barber i have ever had .
they chatted for a few minutes , and he left their table .
long story short , i did not have a pleasant experience .
the waitress never starts before about _num_ pm .
they are very welcoming and make you feel like you are right at home .
was n't worth _num_ that 's for sure .
i mean really it is a taco bell .
it is a life saver .
the food is exceptional and the standards of quality are worth every penny .
i 'm definitely going back .
while the meal was fine the price was just right !
high tea ... this is one of the best in the valley !
the chips and salsa were delicious .
um , excuse me ?
all perfectly prepared and plated .
thanks , dustin !
but downhill from there !
i hate dealing with them .
the staff does absolutely nothing except sit there .
well , surprise : `` jalapeno walnut pancakes '' wow !
delicious !
when told to contact the manager , he has n't returned our call .
don then asked me what i want done !
she & her staff should never be allowed to serve the public again !
there was too much sauce and not much cheese .
but only _num_ bottled water per person .
simply put , they did a fantastic job !
i recommend them to anyone in the area !
take out , delivery and dine in .
thanks again !
i got there just before _num_ and it still was not ready .
its quiet and nice people are here .
great place for an anniversary !
always honest , prompt and fair in my dealing with them .
the phoenician has a signature sweet iced tea that is divine .
overall this place is not the spot for food .
if i could give zero stars i would .
a good value for the food quality .
seriously - i will never stay anywhere but here from now on !
very nice people .
so it is more of a false sense of security than anything .
very good and many people call in for take out .
so , instead of bringing out food out on plates .
asked for grilled onions and mushrooms on my burger .
great atmosphere - fun and friendly .
amazing staff as well !
wine pairing assistance available .
anyone visiting scottsdale check it out !
outstanding customer service and honesty which was a pleasant surprise .
very nice w my kids and they helped them out .
we ordered some nachos and a couple of pollo burritos .
very neat .
not cool .
everything tastes so authentic .
seriously fun !
we had a great time here !
anyway , i delivered pizzas for a couple of years a long time ago .
no hello , have you been here before , welcome anything like that .
i discovered this place while walking around told town .
great place to get a gift or jewelry .
worst service ever .
not a long noodle in the entire order !
we love the staff and they are all so good with my dogs .
service was great .
taking time off from work , i was not pleased with what i found .
overall , not enjoyable .
the cart smells bad , as you can imagine .
got ta have a blended everytime i come to arizona .
show up at happy hour which is until 9pm , _num_ days a week !
wontons were mush , and tasted terrible .
defalco 's is one of my absolute favorite places !
service was also very good and i like atmosphere .
super duper helpful folks !
it was perfectly cooked with a great crust .
great environment for everybody at any age .
my daughter had the margarita pizza which again is not a margarita pizza .
the lady who assisted in my selection was extremely friendly and so patient .
i just cant get my taste buds around it .
i also felt terrible after i ate them .
_num_ they claimed oil had been changed .
their carpet is nasty .
when i pointed out his mistake , he still did n't believe me .
the food tastes so good that i am happy to wait anytime .
nice little upscale place in scottsdale .
the pie itself had none .
unfortunately , they were inedible .
she told them she did n't need their business .
food was very good .
great little mexican place .
villa deli is one of the best neighborhood delis in town , bar none .
she did an awesome job making my hair super cute .
no more .
the food was a huge disappointment for the wait and price .
everything was delicious and flavorful .
every other time the service was great .
shrimp and grits = a solid ten !
their craft beer selection was pretty good and reasonably priced .
fast friendly service , good prices , and food is delicious !
like you 've expected way too much only to be let down .
the building itself is where the problem comes in !
taking this into consideration , i would not eat at this place again .
i would definitely stay here again and recommend to friends and family .
the actual room it self was dated and felt dingy .
the shrimp lo mein had good flavor and shrimp was plump and not overcooked .
recommend to anyone .
and if you ca n't , then your rent could be late .
overall its a good place to eat .
thank you so so much !
for $ _num_ she received _num_ salads that fit in two small containers .
the food was nothing special .
it 's a cool way to see the newest exhibits .
avoid at all costs .
the ladies love it .
this is by far the worst service .
friday is also a place to people watch it 's a packed house !
do not us this business you will be sorry .
the most delicious and beautiful cake !
i took my dog here to have him put to sleep do to .
i recommend this place for their selection and their staff .
food was good , service was horrible .
my girlfriend and i went for dinner last night and had a great meal .
the best mechanic in the state of arizona .
the cheese enchilada was a joke .
i will be back with the kids and would recommend to others !
no real reason on why .
management needs to know about the poor service .
but i 've been on vacation here in arizona since june .
horrible experience with billing issues and problems with a new crown .
too disgusted to continue to try and eat the burger i threw it away .
so we get to our room ... ... ew .
i love the cheese and bruschetta plates !
jeff from service is who i deal with and he has always been great .
what a disappointment .
if you 're in the area , check it out !
i would not go here ever .
i noticed the new dim sum on the menu .
food was highly average and certainly not worth the wait .
i will not renew my membership or recommend them ever .
yesterday they did n't put _num_ % in my coffee .
the room was large with a balcony and we had a fantastic time .
this place is delicious !
the prices are more than reasonable for a big , juicy hamburger .
the is just one amazing adventure in the everyday hero that is marshall .
i will not return to him or recommend him to anyone else .
_num_ weeks go by and no follow up call or anything .
front desk does n't pick up the phone and no manager on duty .
highly recommend !
service was pretty good , no complaints .
i recommend him to everyone that has any back pain .
love love love bandera !
i came in here with my grandma .
overall it was a great first visit and i plan to visit again soon .
thank you for the great service !
very friendly and helpful staff .
carl knows his stuff .
these guys know what customer service is !
my favorite pizza anywhere is the margherita .
`` in surprise and disappointment , darn it !
my favorite is the glazed .
i 'm really not sure what the issue is .
i will not be coming back here .
other than that , it was a good experience .
i went here once or twice , but there are so many better places .
`` i am too busy to be bothered with your little problems .
j jill in fashion square , scottsdale is a pure shopping pleasure .
great food and an old time atmosphere .
she made me feel relaxed and comfortable the entire time i was with her .
great place ... great crowd !
their queso dip is excellent !
the bacon , the pancakes , and fresh squeezed orange juice were great .
thanks again !
meatball , mushroom garlic calzone is just so good .
spectacular service and consistent , quality .
i will definitely be back .
great atmosphere .
all in all , i would not return ... ever .
best french toast ever !
the salon is clean and the staff is very nice and accommodating !
good buffet at a fair price .
love this place !
food is really good .
yum yum yum .
i liked their own orange blossom the best .
we always find the service good , and servers are friendly and talkative .
i love this place !
great night !
i especially love the croissants and often we ask for basket for the table .
the chicken was n't dry .
beans were very standard , chips and salsa were okay .
my boyfriend has been a paying customer for _num_ freaking years .
secondly i really love breakfast club .
i lived in this complex for two years with little to no issue .
ever !
either way , wo n't be eating there again .
great flavorful food , served in huge portions .
it said it opens at _num_ .
if you are looking for a staycation , this is not the place .
it smelled like rotten urine .
a fabulous show .
their pastries and tortillas are absolutely amazing .
cute napkins too !
we had pasta and it ended up costing us _num_ dollars , ridiculous .
what doctor walks past his staff daily and does n't even say hi ?
best steak ever !
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .
plus , staff & owner very friendly & attentive .
this place is very disappointing .
bottom line ... go elsewhere !
sandwich and chips were so tasty !
a clean , reasonably priced place to stay .
free wifi makes it a great place to get things done too .
very pricy , but they treat you like a king .
best italian lunch spot i have found in the metro phoenix area .
i appreciated their honesty .
the guys are very good at what they do and are all very nice .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
we love this place !
what the hell kind of bs is that ?
always a pleasure coming here .
staff is very attentive and never makes you wait for something you need .
the food was very good .
, and deli sandwiches are all outstanding .
that just goes to show the chef does not know japanese cuisine .
great spot for after dinner entertainment .
it is far from fancy , but a chandler landmark for sure .
she is gentle and thorough .
service is good .
had a pretty good appetizer in the stuffed quesadilla .
several other dishes and all tasted great .
keep up the good work !
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .
came here before an asu game , it was slammed .
i found pricing to be fair ... excited to take delivery of new wheels !
defalco 's is absolutely the best i 've had .
dont make the same mistake !
she ended up staying at carson 's children hospital for _num_ days .
ick .
the portions were good but it all went down hill from here .
i recommend the gel polish .
delicious cookies !
did n't speak to me through my entire transaction .
the wine pairing was a perfect fit .
now i know i hate this place .
when i took a few bites of the rib , something tasted not right .
this is my favorite thrift store around .
the worst mistake .
the taco burrito is awesome !
the staff is also incredibly friendly and kind to my pets .
the food was super tasty , abundant , fresh and perfectly spiced .
this place is awesome .
just able to post that they reached `` out '' to me .
pool was very clean and the courtyard was a great hang out .
had a glass of wine , which was good as well .
love rick and the job that they do .
one of the best service experiences i 've ever had .
not good eats .
a+ service and very speedy and affordable !
the food is well thought out and simply delicious .
three entrees and i sampled all of them .
only problem is , that even then the sandwiches were n't that tasty .
cool bbq area .
our table had salmon and trout , and all were extraordinary .
fantastic service .
we ordered chile rellenos , mini tacos , and carnitas enchiladas with green sauce .
definitely will return !
my steak was cooked next to someone 's chicken .
like almost food poisoning sick .
they refunded my money and gave me a gift certificate for another pizza .
dos has fallen far from it 's old tempe trailer park !
oh and we never did get our refill on our tea ... .
she really knows what she is doing .
the food was amazing .
love their pizza .
it is not what it 's hyped up to be .
good service .
the surroundings are beautiful and serene .
this place is super casual and good .
not going back there .
even then i 'd say walk the distance to the safeway down the street .
like really friendly .
the fries were also delicious with enough crunch .
no question : overall positive experience !
i enjoy this place a lot and they have a great late night menu .
cooked over a wood fire made it perfect .
she was very informative with what was going to be happening to my vehicle .
service comes quick , and they have this southwestern sandwich that is great !
their fresh salsa is one of my favorites !
dr. wilson still refused to pay him !
plus , i met one of my best friends during my time here .
i 'll still keep going there often .
the food was delicious .
ribs were terrible and tough as can be .
i had the mongolian beef and i really liked it .
this was recommended to me by a friend and she was spot on !
the manager donna knows everyone and her staff is great !
food was excellent as was the service .
had an amazing time with my fiance .
also , never got checked up on .
worst pizza i 've ever had .
heaven on a fork .
that table was there for _num_ minutes with no greet .
they were both delicious !
service is very attentive and price is right .
sometimes i think they ca n't be serious but i guess i thought wrong .
price - $ _num_ for _num_ rolls of film done in one day .
he took our order and we got our drinks .
how did it take us so long to find this amazing hidden gem ?
they are awesome and love this place !
thank you roaring fork !
the atmosphere is light , airy and welcoming .
not great .
i had an absolutely wonderful experience yet again .
love the jeans ... i 'll be back !
overall a good experience and i would go back again when in the area .
i love the selection and it is always changing .
the mango with sweet sticky rice is also a great dessert to end on .
overall , very good - but not super great .
great grocery store !
delicious moist cake .
i would definitely recommend this place .
patio is cool , had tv 's .
always worth it .
no thanks , i took my business to fiesta burrito .
one came very , very close .
a bit more friendliness would go a very very long way .
they were n't even fights that people wanted to watch .
this applebees has gone downhill in the past several years .
either way the atmosphere was excellent and the food was good .
wide spectrum of ages and races .
they had units installed and working great within _num_ days .
my favorite dish here is the dragon roll .
this is a great neighborhood bar in old town .
lucky for them i did n't actually see any on their menu .
but i 'd definitely recommend jonathan to anyone !
there , fixed it for them .
so delicious !
would definitely recommend and call again in the future !
and i can usually handle spice !
yesterday morning i ordered a sausage burrito through the drive-thru .
this is a pretty cool place .
the salon itself is classy , clean and a great place to people watch .
great cheap fun !
sometimes you get right up to the cashier , sometimes there is a line .
definitely go there .
the other person waiting in line turned around and left at this point .
these people are loving and caring to animals , and respectful to their owners .
and make for a perfect gift .
we have been taken our cat to this place for almost two years .
the bartender makes prob some of the best hand crafted cocktails in the city .
very homey food with complex flavors .
i am sick of this .
excellent traditional barber shop feel .
went through the drive-thru and moved pretty quickly .
good service , and we loved the giant fish tank we sat next to .
really good chicken tacos , great prices .
the toppings all appeared to be right , but the smell was off .
with the creamy cole slaw it was a perfect combination .
great dining experience and great atmosphere .
how rude to think my time is n't valuable as well !
the sauce is a little sweet and a little spicy .
it 's an old fashioned ice cream place and the ice cream was delicious .
it was clean , professional and i got great service .
the staff was so sweet and helpful .
the bar is open from 6am until 2am and the prices are great .
great view of the vip and the floor .
if someone 's helpful , it 's because they 're getting commission .
highly recommend .
what a hidden gem .
the patio at lon 's is one of my favorite places to eat .
a++ service .
chocolate cake with ice cream also great .
both were absolutely fantastic .
the restroom on my , it was scary .
plain and simple .
the customer service was excellent .
will definitely be a regular for all cake and cookie orders !
dumpy dive vibe as soon as you walk in .
very disappointed .
we did n't realize we would have over a hour wait for food .
its just not an inviting place .
service was prompt and friendly .
this is my favorite pizza .
highly recommend !
all the parents commented on what a fun kids party it was .
the only dinner that was edible was mom 's appetizer sampler plate .
our all time favorite restaurant in the mesa area !
as good as it gets !
store is clean , well organized and the quality is phenomenal .
it 's not even worth that new !
never went back .
thanks so much !
they looked at the job and quoted $ _num_ .
worth every penny just bring cash the staff works on tips and deserves them .
great food and service .
_num_ stars overall .
the salmon and tuna was cooked perfectly .
the arizona roll is my personal favorite .
great food and great services .
one was usually all it took and i would rarely finish two .
for the most part , this taco bell has been great .
but overall the food was not memorable or worth the drive .
the pricing is reasonable and the facilities are clean and comforting .
the tuna , blech !
very romantic .
the food was decent , nothing to get overly excited about .
the staff was exceptional .
visit one of the other _num_ water parks in the valley .
nothing to rave about .
they were playing awesome music though .
this is the best place to watch sports .
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .
good place for date night or a group of friends .
he had a great time !
finally , we shared an excellent apple strudel to top it all off .
service was great- attentive but not annoying .
love coming for happy hour .
this place has great pizza !
food is good and reasonable .
everything is great about this store .
and we love this church and so many opportunities to get your family involved .
a very poor excuse for mexican food .
great value too - we were out the door for thirty bucks .
i will send friends , relatives and i 'll be back soon myself .
no attempt to make it right .
did n't take a second bite !
it is in a rundown strip mall but the food is great .
the sushi is pretty good too .
and yes , the fries were awful .
what an outstanding mens store .
i guess your loss is someone else 's gain .
that should never be the case with a filet in any decent restaurant .
does this place ever get cleaned ?
what a disappointing meal !
the girl walks over , drops off our waters and walks away .
the sandwiches and pizza are amazing .
small spaghetti with marinara , normally $ _num_ but free .
amazing they remember customers and take care of your concerns !
and soggy tomato .
the customer service is amazing .
so i went there yesterday and wrote down all the different kinds they offer .
i was actually ignored at the counter when i needed help .
i wish it did not .
the pork was amazing !
for dessert there was cheese cake and chocolate cake .
bread and ingredients are super fresh .
not impressed .
lively atmosphere and another people watch place !
love the bagel chips too !
ok nothing new .
i wo n't go back .
dancing upstairs and downstairs .
good quality food .
it really is n't rocket science .
great night was had with 20+ guests .
went to try the happy hour and was pretty impressed .
no to go orders on weekends & holidays .
the staff is always so friendly and accommodating .
our waiter was very friendly and helpful .
the caesar salad has cashews instead of croutons and is amazing .
the chow fun was exactly like what you get in hong kong .
i can not believe how rude he was just to create an order .
`` i 've been going here for _num_ years and it was incredible .
i always bring out of town guests here , for a special dinner !
um ... oh and the body jewelry is very expensive .
no it 's not !
and we had excellent fast service when we went .
he was so helpful and gave amazing customer service .
the service was horrible !
they have a happy hour which includes nachos !
i 've eaten here three times now and everything is always spot on .
wo n't go back again .
this place is awesome .
i was here to meet up with a group of friends for happy hour .
best dinner of our trip to scottsdale .
walked up to the service desk in the computer department .
no a/c .
super nice resort .
wish i would have .
horrible .
no refills on drinks you have to buy another drink .
the servers were really nice and helped me pick a tasty beer .
what more can i say , but enjoyed a truly good meal .
i love italian and i eat here often .
great food .
we always enjoy the food and the service .
excellent place to stay in the area when on business .
this place is great when you have a limited time for lunch .
i was in and out in _num_ min for a drug test .
they 've been training new employees and everyone is kind and fast .
i said forget it we do n't want the food any more and left .
nice lady that takes our order and keeps things running .
mom was upset enough to write her own bad review of the restaurant .
the bagels were very flavorful !
great people .
these guys had no idea how to fix the washer .
i highly recommend it , it was delicious .
it 's so underrated .
but , the service and the food , um , not so much .
definitely recommend .
each and every staff member truly cares about the patients well being .
he made sure we got a good guitar this time .
this place is great .
what it makes this church special is the community they have .
this was after the hostess quoted us _num_ minutes of wait time .
i love my hair every time i walk out of the salon .
my dogs ( my life ) are so happy to come here .
my white wine was served warm , gross .
i recommend also the escargot and the shrimp bread .
thanks again kona for a delish way to end my thursday !
the service was attentive but the food was poor .
great to meet you mickey !
slightly pricey but i never mind paying it because it 's worth it .
as good as it gets .
it was more than enough food and really good for that matter .
i would definitely recommend this bike shop .
i love the pizza here !
i was _num_ hours late for work .
poor customer service .
wish we had followed the trend of the other diners and ordered pizza .
this place goes up in price every year with no input or options .
highly recommend grazie to anyone interested in an exceptional meal .
i do not recommend this place .
it 's always an easy place to go though .
very good meal and more than i could finish !
it is consistently great .
when the guy came to the door he said it was $ _num_ .
except their prices are nearly double a normal store price .
wish me luck .
i think almost everything is well prepared with good flavor .
very tasty dutch babies .
the pro shop has a decent selection and quality gear .
it 's close to me , it 's cheap and there 's no contract .
fruit are cheap but it 's not a very good quality .
everyone raved about how wonderful the cake was .
curated wine list , good appetizers , decent ambiance , friendly and helpful service .
they were completely out of plain bagels .
all in all - great place to catch a game ( any game ! )
good place to bring out of town guests for breakfast .
it should have been plenty of time to check the bike in .
not anymore .
incredible .
the staff is wonderful and everything smells like pittsburgh willy 's !
also this location is staffed with professionals who know what they are doing .
one wonders who was the priority ... .
i wo n't eat here ever again .
again ... obviously rushed .
you made it a very comfortable shopping experience !
no frills , but always solid food .
i walked in shopping for presents for numerous people .
the service was terrible .
huge mistake .
i like the nostalgia of the place but i will not be back .
thieves , nothing but thieves !
they 're very clean , friendly and well maintained !
refreshing service !
not cleaned between customers !
kudos to mgr on duty !
they provide great service for much less than competitors .
the food rocked - big , hot , and delicious .
and i must say , i loved the place .
their pizza is consistently unique and very good .
this is a great southwestern restaurant in old town scottsdale .
i started with the grilled pear salad with gorgonzola and mixed greens .
from country to classic rock to new songs of today !
ca n't see coming back to thus place .
it was absolutely terrible .
this place is so good !
they have also expanded on their drink menu to include more than just wine .
such a disappointment !
management is absolutely committed to quality food and a quality experience .
they barely put any alcohol in them .
super nice staff .
the management has no authority .
you can see how i like my mongolian beef !
i 'm sure that money never made it to the cash register .
i had promised my christmas guests crown roast .
these guys are friendly , honest and trustworthy .
food was fantastic , as was the service .
i was impressed by how clean it was inside .
staff is always friendly and helpful .
bit of a disappointment .
so that night , i was really surprised the server got better !
definitely one of my favorite bars in scottsdale .
not wanting to wait for a table , we sat at the bar .
anyway , i order .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .
half the staff did not know what was going on or were in training .
asking for extra water , salsa , etc .
i have been with this group they are the best .
they absolutely ruined my excitement to go back to college .
i love this place .
i will definitely recommend him .
love this taco bell !
r u confused yet ?
their charm is half the fun .
the food was delicious .
this one was limited .
both were great .
the sausage links were equal to what is served in hospital or buffet line .
love this place .
everyone is very friendly when you walk in the door .
the worst mexican my girlfriend and i have ever had !
thank you , shannon and rumors !
should n't that already be done ?
extraordinarily professional both he and his staff .
slow food prep ( _num_ minutes from order to serve ) .
authentic and legit chinese food you can get in phoenix .
really , really disappointing .
but , after much consultation , they decided on _num_ % off .
i love the live music !
the price was great as well .
now it 's our weekly treat .
there service is excellent i heart them .
pretty sure i just had the best shrimp burrito i 've ever had .
been here a few times with my husband , wonderful experiences !
highly recommend her .
you should still be seated with a reservation before walk ins .
however , the online part of staples is great !
first impressions are everything and mine was weak .
i booked a gel manicure and a pedicure appointment for today at 4:30 pm .
pizza was n't hot and barely any toppings on it .
i shut off the water to the cooler and turned off the cooler itself .
this is a beautiful theater .
e ) the fries were cold .
great breakfast sandwiches and bagels !
hate this place .
they have a thai beer in a large bottle that is pretty good .
this is probably the best camera repair shop in the valley .
never could use our gift card .
everyone was quick , efficient , and friendly .
and it was pretty good ... .
the leftovers were just as good the next day !
we love rosa 's !
i do not recommend giving it a try .
i 'd definitely recommend this place , especially for a nice romantic occasion .
minus _num_ stars because the service was poor and the prices are outrageous .
always a consistent choice for a steak and some drinks with friends .
the `` game room '' is not a game room .
he said no , they are for `` _num_ '' or more .
service is fabulous - but make a reservation !
the food here is excellent .
went to this spot on the weekend and the bagels were awful .
the televisions are over _num_ years old , tube televisions with horrible viewing .
i looked too `` soft '' .
river shoes is a must !
took my co-workers there yesterday for happy hour and they loved it !
probably one of my favorite places to go when i 'm in town visiting .
you end of crammed against strangers and across from your date .
great price .
buy they did n't seem to care about the inconvenience of it all .
i 've always been pleased with his staff and bedside manner .
chopped salads are simply amazing !
the food is amazing , i send all of my clients here .
by far the worst thai food i have had .
definitely check it out - you 'll be thrilled .
a `` mandatory '' $ _num_ for some stupid trash service .
great job server , john , and mgr .
fiesta is definitely my favorite of the fast food mexican places in town .
great place for a happy hour and to meet up with friends .
bad chinese food fast !
well worth the trip from anywhere in the valley .
great lunch specials .
_num_ bites out of each and we could stomach no more .
service was outstanding .
appalling .
this is my third time using amazing carpet and tile cleaning .
honest , talented reliable .
the three meals came with chocolate chip cookie , which was excellent .
prices are reasonable , for the most part .
i am only _num_ years old !
pricey , but lunch was absolutely fabulous .
i 'll probably just switch doctors all together .
it was a wonderful experience .
and topped with an excellent verde salsa .
the shuttle drops us off and tells us to go inside to register .
damn good stuff ... hand boiled and baked .
absolutely delicious and fresh food .
nothing was `` bad '' it just was not good .
this is a ridiculous fee considering it is almost _num_ days ' rental cost .
this is one of the best museums in the phoenix area !
simply put , this place is a lot of fun !
btw the bbq hot wings are divine !
although both dishes were somewhat tasty , they simply did n't hit the mark .
a great experience !
unfortunately , our viewing time was cut short by a pushy waitress .
good food .
this restaurant is a hidden gem .
i personally give them _num_ stars !
lately , just simply awful lazy servers , cold fries _num_ of ten visits .
thank you emily !
there are lots of tvs and your typical dive bar patrons .
small store but great selection .
this is not one of the better ones .
the rest of the meat selection is also no good .
the potato salad was so bland i ended up sending everything back .
they do n't own up to their screw ups .
very sad to see whats happened to this place .
this place is awful !
very poor customer service .
they were one of my favorite eateries .
they price match some online places , so be prepared for that .
very very red , as if cooked with tomato paste .
my favorite place .
great enviroment inside , friendly people .
take care of the public .
outstanding italian food in old town tonight .
it would n't cost that much .
bad service ... took my business elsewhere ... would recommend the same .
for instance , my salad was swimming in vinaigrette .
truely recommended !
everything else is amazing too .
great service as well .
i love the prices .
we enjoyed the mussels and calamari which was very tasty .
give it a shot especially if you love italian food !
i am a patient , i dont want to hear how cheap they are .
first of all , we walk in and it is chaos .
i paid and left and will not be back .
not even filtered .
it did not come sizzling and the onions on the side were cold .
amazing service !
so go for the experience and ambience ... it 's classic and memorable .
i called the tech sunday , no answer .
it 's a good little concert venue .
also they have coupons on their website !
this place is the worst .
i 'm sitting here now waiting patiently for my order .
the food is hands down the best in town .
pepsi was n't refilled .
amazing .
everyone enjoyed their food .
it was worth the wait and ca n't wait to order again !
at $ _num_ it 's overpriced and uncomfortable .
his mechanic also confirmed there was no leak .
pretentious staff and clientele .
this is my favorite steak house for sure .
regardless , there are plenty of better places to go for breakfast .
the salsa tasted like nasty .
you 'll be very welcome .
did i want the chicken parm sandwich ?
we absolutely loved the food .
the portions are also quite generous .
wow this was good pizza !
solid food and service .
the food was pretty good .
when we asked for another waitress , she refused .
bartender was a rude bitch .
it was fun to look at all of the wall `` decorations '' .
consistently delicious .
very good follow through on keeping me updated with my prescription status !
great food amazing service great prices !
i had the teriyaki sirloin , but there was nothing teriyaki about it .
the office and surgery room was very clean .
this is our most favorite restaurant in the entire phoenix area .
the desserts are a must !
i will absolutely come back .
he was very friendly and informative .
plus every protein was over cooked !
but that does n't explain the previous two visits .
refuses to replace outdoor lighting , making a dangerous place at night .
cool '' ) .
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
the service was impeccable .
he 's amazing !
and i 'm defiantly okay with that .
she was not happy being there .
so nice to have such a great place right down the street .
the waiter was fabulous as well .
i love this place !
it 's a local gem that has so much charm ( and lights ) .
mediocre food .
i 'll certainly be back for more of these perfect , blueberry pancakes ... .
save yourself some grief avoid marquee theater .
possibly the best king crab ever !
great staff , good selection .
from the time we walked in , it was an issue .
our home warranty company called this company to service our pool motor .
it was a little awkward to say the least .
definitely come here for a good tune up on your bike .
definitely will use them again .
very reasonably priced as well .
the soup was ordered by three others , and it was egg drop soup .
the beef was dry .
mode from the customer service representative ( not the mechanic ) .
terrible , terrible , terrible customer service .
the food is pretty standard , but good .
not surprisingly , the next morning they said the employees denied taking the money .
really soupy and had a strange flavor .
problem was one showed $ _num_ lb .
definitely a unique and worthwhile place in scottsdale .
i must bring $ _num_ to get my car back .
great staff , very polite and helpful .
i got the ny steak .
very reasonable price for her caliber !
big surf , more like big mistake .
she is very personable and knowledgeable .
my boyfriend and i went here a few months ago and i loved it .
he always takes care of everything i need plus more !
good service , nice employees .
love the ceviche and the fish wrapped in banana leaves is so yummy !
horrible hours .
the servers was good and really attentive .
what place in arizona does n't allow dogs on the patio ?
the attention to customer satisfactory and the urgency to resolve is refreshing .
i loved uncle sal 's !
it 's been here for several decades ... and it shows .
it was a shame because we were really looking forward to dining there .
i looked for the crab , there was none .
literally the best service here .
the food is so good and i seriously always feel like family .
the older gentleman who answered the phone said mike was out on the field .
lots of food , plenty to share .
been to this place _num_ times , this morning being the 3rd .
fun place and plenty to do !
she is so sweet and so good with her .
completely remodeled and classy looking .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .
ct has great happy hour specials , too .
and they said they would give me a $ _num_ gift card .
a great little thrift store .
nice casual atmosphere .
love this place !
would recommend this self storage complex along with just in time moving company .
best pizza and apps with a great bar and friendly staff .
went for breakfast this morning , was n't very busy and service was horrible .
even the small portion is a good size and i still usually have leftovers .
they were not very friendly about changing it either .
worth a visit !
the pizza was supposed to be delivered within an hour .
love em !
you get four tacos , seasoned beef or chicken .
the manicure was clean and enjoyable !
the food is magnificent !
suffice it to say , a thoroughly relaxing and enjoyable experience !
i would highly recommend if you like this type of soup .
i explained i couldnt as my husband was at work with our truck .
having said that , the food is so good we come back anyway .
very nice meat market , bakery and grocery .
i love this place , shocked at how others thought it was expensive .
dinner was excellent as was the service .
it was fantastic !
the brick ice cream is insanely good .
absolute joke !
i wo n't spend any time on the `` town '' .
food , service , and atmosphere were all top notch !
i had a ring designed there and rusty was wonderful to work with .
the mac and cheese was and mashed potatoes and gravy was good .
not so much for me .
he made me feel very welcome .
food is good .
customer service is mediocre at best .
awesome atmosphere and a unique place to go .
deli counter is outstanding as are the other items on the shelves .
very nice dining room , but still casual .
excellent place for business or pleasure .
$ _num_ for a corona ?
i felt like i had dinner with family .
still an awesome time .
barely spoke english .
a great place to meet up with friends .
i have made the most beautiful cards in her classes also .
the guest service agents were not friendly nor welcoming .
and this was extremely disappointing .
great service from moe , the general manager .
what a disappointment .
their outdoor patio space was beautiful and quaint too .
unique ambiance .
i always get extra chipotle sauce in mine and just one fills me up .
yes , i 'm dumb on how i spend my money .
they would n't give me a quote over the phone for an exact procedure .
i wo n't be back .
you can also see into the kitchen which is pretty interesting .
oh well !
excellent food and service for lunch last week .
great dancing .
but for $ _num_ i expect a lot more .
a hidden treasure up on pinnacle peak & pima !
my daughter said we do n't live in the same household .
def recommend !
awesome !
that 's a bonus for someone that works tuesday through saturday !
i guess she was getting off work .
ever since they renovated the restaurant this has become a great place to go .
i cant seem to recall her name but she did a very good job .
we had a great waitress and eager pleasant service .
not on my receipt ( which i thankfully i kept . )
asada and carne adovada is fantastic !
the accommodations were wonderful and i felt like i was in paradise .
they clearly get an f for customer service .
they offer truly authentic new mexican cuisine .
i think our affair with gus is over .
the office staff are very friendly & helpful .
went for happy hour and was impressed with the selection of drinks and appetizers .
dont go here , trust me .
my & my husband 's favorite restaurant !
i will never go back to this trash bucket .
the prime rib was cooked perfectly and well seasoned .
service was top notch also .
an excellent spot for a date night or special occasion !
why the course is nice and very well deserve a _num_ .
he comes back looking perfect every single time .
stuffed peppers = delicious !
enjoy .
this place is fantastic .
they also offer skin care services , nails , laser , etc .
we tip you .
we will be back on our next trip into town .
good early .
as for the food , wow what a disappointment .
it 's great good , the alcohol is great too !
my replacement meal was of the normally expected quality .
the absolutely most honest , reliable and reasonable place ever !
the toppings all slipped from the crust when picking up a piece .
sometimes with nachos , sometimes with a burrito .
will definitely be back .
i really enjoyed my experience there .
the best quality , quantity , and price .
my first time here , i had an appointment .
amazing hot sauce .
horrible experience .
she then transferred the call to the assistant 's voicemail .
it shows chris is outstanding in his field .
the worst `` _num_ 4th of july event ever '' .
beautiful on the inside and out .
found my new hair cut spot !
suzanne 's was amazing !
the view is amazing .
also the meats and cheese were just thin slices , nothing of exceptional quality .
his crew started the job on time , and they were all great .
food was phenomenal !
simple but different and very , very tasty .
on the other hand , my goodness , their sandwiches are amazing .
would i go back ... eh ... most likely not .
i will not be back .
they really made my birthday vacation extra special posting pictures !
do yourself a favor and check it out .
which they attempted to mask with guac and pico .
their phone etiquette is not pleasant .
the tamales were great and the ceviche had a great kick .
i am extremely unhappy and can not believe that i was charged $ _num_ .
it tasted like it was watered down with sewer water .
i will wait until i find another camping world or rv store .
i would recommend anyone to heather !
very friendly and sweet front desk staff and also a very clean office .
definitely a great place for a celebration or special night out .
a gas station , convenience store , and a mcdonalds all rolled into one .
service was great , very personable , and great inventory of items .
yeah !
once i even purchased a battery from them and their mobile van service .
i felt very comfortable and really appreciated the advice and recommendations .
the pizza at barro 's is really good .
best ever !
intimate stadium in old town scottsdale .
i had to get the cart from behind he and load my own groceries .
i would recommend it to anyone !
tasty nachos .
the owner 's are amazing - friendly , warm , and talented !
the service was fast and friendly !
very mediocre place .
personal service , great prices .
who is giving this place more than _num_ star ?
so i wandered around looking for someone or for what to do .
the service is nice enough and the place seem clean .
the noodles were too rubbery and the flavors were pretty standard .
i had the mexican chocolate latte - amazing !
so friendly and service is quick and efficient .
ridiculous .
i called groupon and immediately they agreed and apologized and refunded me my money .
here the girl at the door was looking down did n't even notice me .
thinking about it right now is actually making me hungry .
the food 's not too bad .
lovely store , lovely people .
she patiently explained everything in great detail .
all u could taste was corn tortilla , thick , and dry .
best real italian in the valley by far .
candle lit and quiet , with great appetizers and stiff drinks .
no attempt to honor or keep my business , will never go there again .
very convenient hours , professional , and thorough .
the barbeque chicken was ok .
service was great , food was even better .
needless to say , i will not ever return .
i wait a few minutes longer .
this place is so comfortable ... it 's dark and full of comfy couches .
i give it _num_ star for many reasons .
maybe it 's me but it just was n't what i expected .
omg the food at this place was amazing .
a great place for large parties .
they want to help you as much as they can .
great breakfast joint .
in other words , their pizza is horrible .
i took my _num_ cats here to have their nails trimmed .
not worth the money in any way !
great variety .
so gross .
the service was good but not enough to bring me back .
i just recommended this one to my friends .
avoid at all costs unless you want diarrhea soup for dessert .
service was awful !
a miles motel desk clerk .
it 's somewhere i must always go when i come into town .
the little bar snacks they give you as well are great !
a new tech called me this time .
soup was bland , almost had no flavor .
and they are lucky to get _num_ star !
best italian food we 've had since moving here _num_ years ago .
the atmosphere is cool , but the food stinks .
she was attentive and professional and always followed up .
i highly recommend !
this place is horrible !
lol prices are great .
there are more friendly places to play and i will not be going back .
slices are great , full pies are delicious , salads and wings are tasty .
very small store but well stocked for most japanese eats .
had a great , fun dinner here last night celebrating my sister 's birthday .
these guys are great .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !
food decent , atmosphere is nonexistent !
ordered _num_ domestic drafts , laid down a $ _num_ .
no sausage .
there were _num_ hostesses standing around and several very bored looking bus boys .
the staff is friendly and easy to work with .
unique atmosphere , average service , creative menu .
the mechanics i 've dealt with were honest .
the restaurant was very clean with lots of clean places to sit and eat .
and the salmon which was just bad .
if i could give less stars , i would .
_num_ months to get a show door installed .
i had my car detailed today after taking it on a road trip .
it is wonderful !
great atmosphere and the food is top notch .
if you are wanting good sushi go here .
for _num_ entrees , _num_ rice and _num_ orders of plain naan .
it should not be so difficult to get a store credit for a purchase .
this place was so good , i came back today to order again !
i highly recommend them !
great portions and worth the price .
my personal favorite for mexican food .
do yourself a favor and eat here .
thank you so much !
i dream about the tacos from this place !
the kids unlimited ride pass is reasonably priced .
the nachos were sent back due to flavor of oil and ordered something different .
fun crowd here today at the a 's vs. giants game .
i got the top hat sundae .
everyone who served us was having fun .
the ambience is well worth it .
all in all everything was really good though .
this is legit new mexican food !
really nice store .
i recommend the pork chops , seabass , or the meatloaf .
it was a horrible experience ; my worst concert to date .
the manicure was terrible .
the setting was sub par ... way sub par .
best drive through tacos in the area .
they throw away what you ca n't finish .
there is a really bad smell as soon as you walk inside the door .
very good traditional mexican food .
it is a shame that such a good restaurant had such terrible service .
they are delicious !
good food ... it 's taco bell , and the staff was cool .
worst office support i have ever encountered
cute , cute , cute place !
loved it every time .
very pleased with my new stylist !
hard to believe this gym is in scottsdale .
i love this restaurant .
the salads are so fresh the seafood is delicious and the pasta is amazing .
having someone a phone call away for information is a must .
love this place !
it is good .
thank you !
cost is very reasonable .
but , oh my god !
this is my new nail salon !
thank you for the sincere care .
the happy hour makes the pricing a little more reasonable .
again , amazing .
the ladies are friendly and prompt .
came here for my little sister 's family graduation party and wow !
this place is no better than a garbage dump .
very quaint little place with locals who enjoy the services they provide .
so this place literally ruined christmas for us .
terrible service and extremely unfriendly .
i highly recommend this medical practice !
the service was that bad .
i ordered the shrimp and hubby ordered the steak .
its really difficult to have a conversation .
all age groups go there and they also have great food .
love my chiropractor !
i really enjoyed dinner here .
awesome .
why they are little sichuan i do n't know .
our server had _num_ tables max .
the salsa was also fantastic .
lots of better places around !
absolutely delicious .
i wish i could say the same for my burrito .
i can not stand dudes in girl 's jeans .
i would say this is a 2-3 star place , and not any more .
everything else was high-end brand names and too pricey .
i went to the store when they informed me of the bad news .
they proceed to rush us thru our salads .
i have been dragged here several times .
i always go with the classic lamb and beef gyro .
i highly recommend this place .
will not go back again .
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .
everyone thought the meal was great .
what a great place to shop !
that 's great follow up customer service .
plastic container , which is a cheap plastic piece of junk .
he payed close attention to detail and i was very pleased with the result .
excellent place to watch a game , grab some food and have a drink !
my boyfriend 's pad see ew was kind of dry .
before they actually repair my car they always call with a price beforehand .
really great service .
the only thing edible in my order were the biscuits .
i 'll keep it short and sweet .
i always have pretty good experiences here .
this location is better than the other ones .
it feels light but filling .
both times , but it is a cool place for men as well .
yikes .
terrible .
it took us forever just to get a refill of water .
it looked like a store bought hamburger bun with shredded cheese melted on top .
i will not be back ... .
the food is always fresh .
interior : great layout .
this place is amazing !
the blue book is $ _num_ .
oh , and go to their website and you can see individual product reviews !
it 's not fancy but it is consistently good .
she was done in about _num_ minutes .
the waitress said real butter is the number one thing customers request .
i also found the professionalism , advice and fitting to be of superior quality .
there were no other tables ordering and i find this just odd .
malee 's is the right mix of ambiance , comfort and good food .
i will absolutely absolutely be back .
i love the baby back ribs they fall right off the bone !
love this place .
the group classes will definitely give you a good work out !
but only because i wanted the vehicle and payments were decent .
i like garlic , but this was bad .
super clean and the drinks are always spot on .
you trash received my entire order .
recommended !
very bright and welcoming hosts i recommend this for your breakfast place to go .
dr. jason angle is the best .
unbelievable how rude this man was .
only if you are comfortable with ghetto crap food .
i have never written a yelp review before .
my hubby had the scallops and lobster which were average at best .
shockingly rude staff !
ignore the strip mall location , and enjoy .
love the ambiance with all the sports memorabilia everywhere .
first , we waited over _num_ min for pickup .
this is one of my favorite place to go .
meh , it 's too `` this is my new haircut '' scene .
avoid !
greatest sushi find in scottsdale .
this is a rarity i have seen in other shops .
gracious and friendly staff .
the flavors are truly original , unlike anything i have ever tasted .
they had made cause it was cold .
really an omg experience !
great prices , however .
love the hash .
my favorite mexican food place hands down !
but nothing i 'd rave about .
service was impeccable ( ivan ) .
not worth it .
i had the fish and chips .
if the ambience isnt enough to kill your appetite , the food sure is .
clean facilities and amazing staff .
always makes the time fly by .
their wings are excellent .
waiter was obnoxious and became extremely annoying as the evening went on .
my entire group liked the food .
i feel the drinks are reasonably priced and the service is good .
crab puff was typical .
the place was filthy , covered in a layer of dust .
the theatre is just beautiful !
nope , no flavor .
he helped me tremendously and made the experience awesome !
this food was horrible .
i love this dry cleaner !
highly recommend the scottsdale vet clinic .
bad treatment , the owner is very rude and the staff are not friendly .
the staff is very friendly .
last time i went , i requested a fill in .
carl was a fantastic help and i will be returning .
pizza has an amazing thin crust .
loved it .
and $ _num_ later for two adults and two kids ?
great place to eat .
i do not recommend bringing a young person here .
the tamales are out of this world amazing !
bakery wee created our baby shower cake , which was amazing !
the staff is also very welcoming .
these guys are fantastic .
she is so friendly , helpful and knowledgeable .
you must check out this hidden gem !
i love this place .
i do n't get here very often but i always love their carne asada .
excellent prices !
no truffle flavor whatsoever .
server was friendly but wait time for food was an hour plus .
this was our first time here and it was excellent !
came here on a supposed business hour , but it was closed .
food was so good - sweet potatoe ravioli and chicken parm .
totally ridiculous and so rude !
it 's was _num_ outside so you can imagine .
this is a great place to get a reasonably priced lunch .
no dessert .
this restaurant is just right next to our house .
slices are good with good variety .
very friendly & efficient .
the guy is confused .
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .
the homemade pita is excellent .
i love all the techs that work there .
everything on the menu is delicious .
even so this is not my complaint about this place .
we stopped recently for lunch and had an excellent pie .
sorry to ruin your empty salon , dude .
they make their own eggrolls , but they were n't that good .
a delightful dining experience .
do n't bother wasting your time !
we sat down with my boyfriends parents , who arrived before us .
the service was excellent and super friendly .
all are affordable , and some of the pieces are actually really good .
staff has been outstanding .
i love how close china palace is .
she definitely knows her work and knows skin !
good gym overall .
pink champagne cake was amazing !
my family always loves coming here to this great neighborhood pizzeria .
moderate price range , but we 'll worth the money .
our server was pleasant and very on the ball .
honestly , this was way below average .
this place is great !
this is not the place anyone who cares about fresh fish really eats .
they only have pizza and calzones but pizza alone is worth it !
thorough is the first word that comes to mind !
i usually eat here either the first or second day that i arrive .
pretty good place that 's very popular .
not the best attitude for the hospitality industry .
i 'll be buying else where from now on .
the food was also great and my wife is hard to please .
i always receive compliments on how beautiful they look and how delicious they are .
i will definitely be coming back to her .
the chicken sandwich was so dry it was hard to chew .
course was beautiful !
this place has an awesome concept !
it 's mostly furniture , so it 's excellent for remodeling your room !
i absolutely love the color and cut of my hair !
i 've worked in food business and that 's not acceptable .
the service was absolutely horrible .
the service each time i have visited has been terrible .
i will never go more than a couple weeks now without this wonderful food !
such a shame as this place was right down the street for me .
it has a nice , quiet pool and a bar .
and great service too , thx to our waiter jeff .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .
i got the chicken parm delivered .
update : sadly i will not be coming back here again .
the punch card is a great deal too .
the outdoor seating is great when the weather is nice !
the staff here are really wonderful and friendly .
six months later i get a bill for $ _num_ .
called my cc company .
i love this location !
we have used them on three different occasions with excellent results each time !
my favorite mexican food in the phoenix area .
it 's not as if the place was busy .
everyone is always so happy and helpful .
service is super-friendly and makes it clear they appreciate your business .
the rice needs a little more flavor , but beans were good .
i always get good service here , everyone is super nice .
unfortunately , i can not say the same of the fitness class .
the pollo margarita was stuffed chicken breast with cheese and peppers .
one bite and i was in the restroom throwing up .
fiesta burrito is meh .
food was amazing ... and i 'm super picky about my italian .
_num_ mins later , i get a call ... x-rays look great .
this review is strictly for relish burger bistro located at resort by golf club .
they could n't take the bone out for _num_ $ hmmm ) .
a good place to get some warm supper .
it still takes them _num_ minutes to do a basic oil change .
recommend this place if you 're visiting and you need your italian food fixing !
disappointment was their closet friend !
i miss the old food , menu and ambiance .
quickly leaving that area we had to ask around to find the haunted house .
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !
otherwise , the staff was nice and the restaurant itself was clean .
it is as if sugar is the only spice that this restaurant knows .
thank you !
i 've had better sushi but it was cheap so that was a plus .
pastries might not be the best , but the espresso is always well prepared !
do n't ever waste your time or hard earned money here !
my traditional early morning oatmeal or yogurt breakfast was not going to do .
is n't this supposed to be `` fast food '' ?
i absolutely loved this store !
the salads are ok , nothing special here .
they did n't even bother to try filling my tire with air .
clean , courteous , good food and great value .
trader joe 's does one better .
chili verde also good ; spicy .
my wife loves the margherita pizza .
i honestly think pita jungle is just mediocre and over priced .
great atmosphere .
it 's not that good !
the wait is enjoyable because they is lots of sports memorabilia to look at !
if you have a membership trip another la fitness .
the servers were nowhere to be seen .
this restaurant has a problem .
excellent steaks and ambience .
the staff is professional , kind , and welcoming .
prices are reasonable and the food is good .
they are all nice and friendly , quick yet gentle .
this another place that i would give no stars to if possible .
i came last week with _num_ of my friends .
their pricing is super affordable and the food is delicious !
keep up the good work santisi bros !
will be back !
i will definitely be back .
this place was a sausage fest .
went for bagel and lox and thought it was pretty good .
always crowded .
ok it 's big lots .
i 've already recommended scottsdale smile to my parents !
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
incredibly long wait times .
i had a french dip and it was delicious .
i will definitely use them in the future .
service excellent .
this place is awesome !
we found john to be a very nice guy .
this place has it down !
everything was fresh and the service we attentive .
fantastic breakfast burritos !
everything is made fresh , tastes great , and is inexpensive !
spectacular !
every park i 've been to in the valley has provided a better experience .
i get a falafel pita ( delicious ! )
the wine was very average and the food was even less .
it definitely lives up to their praise .
they constantly have their friends here to chat and smoke cigarettes with .
the food had good flavor and variety .
highly recommended for any meal or any large event .
i really do n't want to spend an extra $ _num_ .
the food was okay , but the service was terrible .
this used to be one of our favorite places .
she said she was too busy with prom dresses .
you could see why sitting there .
if she 's doing that imagine what she 's doing to the store owner .
if that was n't enough , the food is great !
food is always served fast and fresh .
he is definitely a size friendly doctor !
the salon is very clean and stylish .
the best italian i have had in arizona !
excellent atmosphere , service , and food .
it is a nice restaurant , with a dark wood decor .
i cant miss it !
and they also would n't allow us to order any of the specials either .
the sales staff is most excellent .
i thoroughly enjoyed both visits here .
wish we had ordered the french toast because it did look very good .
go giants !
this woman is amazing .
when we did get seated , the waitress was even more clueless .
but my color and cut always looks great .
it was a bit rowdy but it was fun .
the best food i 've had in a long time from a restaurant .
i cant get enough of their margaritas and fine mexican food .
the work was perfect .
these guys are fantastic !
well after one sip of the second beer , i knew it was nasty .
it 's better than the safeway near asu .
let me just start by saying i loved sushi _num_ until tonight .
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .
food is great .
love this place .
so clean too !
the uni was gross .
inside is even better .
the portions are huge and the ambience is great .
service was highly attentive .
overall , mediocre at best .
the food speaks for itself !
they are the best .
i was so disappointed ... for the last time with this location .
the calzone took about _num_ minutes , but the wait was worth it !
perhaps more customer service training is needed .
sadly , our sweet boy passed away a few days later .
the vegetables were not fresh or seasonal and the baked potato had no substance .
the breakfast was good , but the fudge was great .
not cool .
this was just a short , skinny section of over-cooked flank steak .
it was the worst fried food i ever tasted .
i spent several phone calls and over an hour trying to get it resolved .
agree with most of the other reviews .
i really wanted to like this business .
poor customer service with no value for the customer .
it can be a bit hot during the summer when cooking .
the server was horrible .
small ... my apartment must be a museum too then .
this meal was definitely not up to the reputation to say the least .
over priced hole in the wall pizza joint .
great service for our group of _num_ .
the installation was perfect and i now have a nice clear windshield .
the green enchilada sauce is a must .
very reasonable prices too !
the calamari appetizer and their angry edamame are pretty yummy !
he did n't listen to me and set up an appt for weight loss .
great variety and delicious dessert which i ordered coconut ice cream .
we ended up having to spend a couple of hours apart .
a bit on the rude side as well ... service was n't that great .
no waiting in long lines .
no wonder such a screwed up med system .
the attitude is very bad .
gross !
buffet had too many similar choices .
i 've been coming here off and on for a couple years .
still no soda .
i wish i had looked at these reviews before i went there .
show up on time and very professional .
i ordered the shrimp scampi which was quite delightful .
_num_ -- which i just experienced , is an incompetent work force .
they have real silverware and `` real '' plastic plates !
kale salad exceptionally tasty and i 've never liked kale before !
that would not stop he had over _num_ in one day and .
service there is rude !
the food was amazing , service was fantastic and overall a fabulous experience .
the bone-in ribeye was much better .
big fan of this place .
we wo n't be back next month or anytime after that .
unfortunately , lalibela will have to settle for being 2nd best .
food is really good if you like spicy .
i do n't know why i keep coming back .
this place has awesome margaritas on the rocks .
i was n't expecting much , but to my delight i loved this place !
very good first experience here .
definitely recommend this place .
thank you !
mario was great .
the woman at return was less than helpful .
so that 's pretty shady and not cool .
this place is a great value , especially if you want to leave stuffed .
for example my entree was served with truffle gnocchi .
another night in scottsdale , another solid mexican restaurant .
i ordered the braised short ribs with truffle gnocchi .
the food is fantastic .
gross .
i would never go back .
great service !
pepperoni is the best i 've tasted .
love this little family owned place !
this is my favorite hidden gem in scottsdale : ) love roaring fork !
the inside is a little small and crowded and not good for group lunches .
but the food is different and delicious .
awesome food and friendly staff .
great salon with a nice little restaurant and shopping area .
the staff was really friendly and i 'd definitely recommend them .
still in my mind as the best place i 've ever been .
dig living here , quite and gated which is nice .
new travels quickly and need to turn this around quickly .
i was wrong !
love filiberto 's .
the masseuse apologized saying that he was sorry i did n't enjoy my massage .
two words : filet mignon !
almost like there was mayonnaise in it .
i love this place !
big portions , slow service , bland sides .
thank you for your help !
i love ra !
the staff was friendly and helpful .
but it 's not even cheap .
the management is great !
excellent , very courteous , very kind .
they have some sexy costume stuff , but that looked cheap too .
tiffany did make a change and this time the service was great !
it 's great to feel welcome and appreciated !
we got two meals delivered and then nothing , the server just left .
the place was disgusting , too many employees standing around doing nothing as well .
family owned and operated !
they made it so simple and easy to place the order over the phone .
we had a party of six and ordered _num_ different sushi rolls .
the setting is small and intimate .
great staff and wonderful food .
our drinks were poured excellent and we found a new favorite stripper .
a bit pricey , but worth it !
i was disappointed with the ticket price .
beer selection is fun - wish they had pitchers !
very nice people and a pleasure to deal with also .
teach your employees customer service skills .
these guys are great !
overall a local favorite of mine .
i loved that the menu was small and the food was fabulous .
do not recommend !
love this place !
the past several visits , though , have made me stay away for good .
the ahi chili relish hot and tasty .
this time of year is the best for outdoor eating .
unfortunately that was the highlight of the plate .
perfect location in old town scottsdale .
they were generous pours and i definitely got my $ _num_ worth .
save your time , save your money .
she returned stating their chef laughed out loud and refused to answer .
we will not be back .
pretty decent mexican food place !
go to frys they know how to treat the customer .
they were great , always clean , the staff was always helpful .
horrible service .
first visit and we really enjoyed the experience .
this place is a true gem .
buyer beware , its not what you think it is .
fantastic food , and good service .
then they threw away about _num_ of the new ones we took in !
temperature is falling down , their heaters are not working .
bacon was amazing and service was awesome .
`` , nothing further from the truth was experienced by our family .
the food is awesome !
nothing was ever sent to the lawyer or us .
so much liquid poured out of the sandwich .
i 'm so thankful i found my new hair person .
went here with a party of _num_ people and everyone loved their food .
may there not be any roaches in your food or table !
it was so bad that we decided to leave and never come back .
what a great find !
but , i 've been going there for years and years and years .
all the food we got was superb .
watch out if buying from this company .
i expected much more from a restaurant on main street in scottsdale .
clearly time has not be kind to this place .
great staff and service .
very unique , little greasy spoon spot in chandler !
i eat their at least once a month .
service was so slow .
in texas , tamales are much smaller .
very clean , warm & inviting atmosphere .
custom made fresh donuts .
i highly recommend mr. wong .
went there for breakfast this last sunday morning and it was great !
absolutely love this place !
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
best dentist i have ever been too .
yet another plus is they deliver , and late .
lovely service and delicious food .
persian room special is a great value !
worst business lady ever !
this has always been one of my favorite scottsdale restaurants .
i highly recommend the vip pedicure .
worst food , terribly expensive .
omg !
this is one of the best vet establishments we have ever used .
food was great !
bathrooms are a mess .
one week later and still nothing .
also want to mention that the waitress was very attentive , helpful and pleasant .
it took _num_ minutes to get our food .
this office is great !
everybody is always friendly and i 've never had a problem with the service .
the total bill when i got my pizza was $ _num_ !
filthy , filthy , filthy place .
i really enjoyed myself at this place .
asked for the manager and he could n't have been more rude or condescending .
really enjoyed the different twist on mexican food .
i would recommend this place highly .
the black light lights it up .
parking sucks too !
the cilantro lime dressing is amazing !
very very good food !
sushi _num_ was a borderline experience .
disgusting food , everything was gross !
warm and inviting .
no familiar faces and food just not up to prior visits .
all-in-all , pleasantly surprised for a free large pizza .
the food came out in a timely manner and was great !
i get bad days .
love the location and we love playing pool there !
he said i 've been working here _num_ years and was doing my job .
i went here with my family for thanksgiving , the meal was excellent .
it 's good solid food .
they had a good selection of places to eat and the staff was friendly .
we ate here while on a weekend get away .
what !
it 's one less ingredient and should , therefore , take less time .
i could tell she loves what she does and was good at it .
great place .
all three times the staff has been friendly and professional .
cheap drinks and great food always make me happy !
i used to love this place but this time i was very disappointed .
it 's magic .
scottsdale , az _num_ .
i would highly recommend her !
you did an amazing job on the halloween arrangement .
thank you for running a business that i look forward to dealing with again !
would recommend it to at least check it out !
extremely rude workers .
$ _num_ a skirt for a grand total of $ _num_ .
excellent drinks and good food in a casual atmosphere with a terrific staff .
i would strongly recommend this to anyone wanting to have fun .
their supreme pizza is really good and just loaded with toppings .
you even stated that no matching shorts were required .
fails the purpose .
amazing !
cool easy going crowd .
i was very happy with the work and the customer service was top-notch .
very very sad to have encountered this experience here .
loved it !
wait , no , that does n't seem right actually .
and even then i am not sure .
no cleaner used .
just good old fun at the ball game .
everyone i 've ever dealt with here has been great !
with the hot and spicy chili , i was definitely full for lunch .
the wife and i go for menudo on sundays it is delicious .
i would never go back .
terrible .
nine dollars for a nearly inedible plate of food .
the service is exceptional as well .
this is better .
woman said they were already closed but website says open until _num_ pm .
no suggestions , even when asked .
not really .
the food is bland .
thank you so much .
definitely recommend their gf pizza .
everyone at the salt cellar is amazing !
everything about is terrific .
no , but their communication is .
i like the outdoor seating much better than indoor .
the patios are superb .
willy was extremely professional and polite .
by the time i got back , we still did n't have a server .
i just left , probably could have taken a few shots for the road .
they do great work and deserve community support .
excellent products at a fair price .
staff was very friendly and personable , food was tasty and prices were reasonable .
lots of fun , service is over the top !
the bartender debbie was awesome .
tamales are always good and salsa .
service was terrible .
but this was over the top for even me .
what a find !
they are always courteous and polite , with great customer service .
no frills , honest , good value .
prices are fair , but customer service will make me go back tomorrow .
this is some of the best pizza in the valley !
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .
extremely bad customer service !
the other staff were friendly and professional .
no spice at all .
glad to see a legend is living up to the reputation .
it looked so good and tasted even better .
there is just junk exposed all over and the menu is very small .
visiting from out of town and wanted good , authentic mexican .
best i have had since i left new york !
i just wished he sells cars also .
they have live music and a nice selection of food too .
service was excellent , room was very comfortable ... .
not worth the frustration .
the rest of our meal did n't get much better .
this river was so much fun .
so disappointed because we enjoyed the atmosphere and the staff .
good menu !
so so awesome .
avoid this store at all costs .
wrong !
shrimp ok , grits cold with no blue cheese flavor .
too bad , had high hopes .
i do n't like this place at all .
the little asian lady was so nice and accommodating .
the staff were incredibly nice .
very friendly , helpful , and knowledgeable staff .
the treatment plan is customized to help you improve !
to sum it up it was a sub par experience at least for me .
one of the best dinners i 've had !
love this pool hall !
nazi douche bags run this place .
so i called and was surprised that someone actually answered .
huge lines but that tells you the food is good and worth the wait .
i would not recommend them to anyone .
my experience here was absolutely amazing .
i am beyond disappointed .
very retro cool dive vibe to it .
love the take out here .
it was brutal .
this was not an isolated incident either this happened multiple times .
they did a fantastic job .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .
that was enough for me to cancel my order and never return .
so many problems here !
it is alot of food for the money !
but i was left alone for _num_ minutes .
your italian grandma would be so proud !
for friday hh there is usually a dj .
i had the best time here at any bar in scottsdale .
full tortillas and salsa bar .
add some avocado and _num_ island sauce , amazing flavors !
my husband and i both had the caesar salad , delicious .
the food is magnificent and the staff was wonderful .
the vets always take the time to discuss all options .
paul and kelly very professional and efficient .
i had the beef wellington , and so did my daughter .
i would recommend going to almost any other bar in tempe .
dr. jones was very professional and suggested multiple options for my treatment .
the service is great .
oh , and the sound is incredible !
food was hot and delicious .
turns out he was n't .
i would n't hire them even if they paid me to do it .
i will definitely be frequenting this wonderful place !
i have never been so dissapointed with the service at a restaurant before .
everyone i went with did n't enjoy their meal .
generous toppings for the money .
i recommend these guys wholeheartedly .
really - rolling sushi would take that long ?
saved the day !
cute little place .
i then asked for a fitting room and she showed me the way .
and they mess up orders really easily .
thank you so much !
another _num_ minutes had gone by and we were finally given our food .
the waiter saw this and offered to get me another appetizer .
thorough , professional and great pricing all in one spot .
i always get treated right at this location .
great staff , great food and the value is much appreciated .
very unprofessional , with little to no knowledge of what customer service is .
very good pizza and calzones !
the endless shrimp is an amazing value on top of being delish .
they are so friendly and they do their job perfectly .
brenda and julie in the office are very professional and helpful .
i stood at the register just wanting to get one donut .
thanks for another great experience !
so if your hungry for gyros definitely check it out !
so disappointing .
i would stay away from this place .
excellent drinks and very friendly professional service .
i could n't believe it !
server attentiveness skills are at an all time low .
their food was delicious were their other treats .
oh , and the beef strips are amazing .
left message for owner , never heard from him .
this place is awesome .
service and price was very good .
nasty motel .
the restroom was disgusting too .
service is extremely slow and the food is pricey .
wrong .
the cream cheese tasted sour .
in addition to the master craftsmanship , the tailor was hilarious !
and you get nice decor and pleasant service while you 're at it .
great staff .
the ahi tuna is best tuna we have ever had !
this place hand changed hands many times over the years but remains open !
we 're grateful to have such a wonderful hospital in our neighborhood .
nice wasted lunch break !
consistently good food and service .
i love this place !
the place is horrible .
i got a ride from benny the other day .
breakfast is super good and the portion sizes are large .
the manager of this store is always grumpy and rude .
the shrimp tacos were amazing and the side salad was different but delicious !
the salty flavors and the sage seasoning make an excellent dish .
disappointing , stay away .
best cars will be sold tomorrow !
slow service .
i would recommend anyone to him .
perfect pizza .
in a few minutes , our food was ready and was it good !
thanks for everything guys !
always a good time here- great bar for locals & travelers .
i will recommend this great clips to anyone .
i had really bad customer service tonight .
it just began to turn my stomach .
the tortilla soup and guacamole is plenty as lunch !
bad experience !
check it out !
joe and beth are honestly just the best !
the staff is very friendly though , and i definitely will keep shopping here .
there are many other italian restaurants that are better than this one .
the service has been great nearly every time i 've been .
terrible customer service .
what a wonderful place and i enjoy every visit here .
it 's a great space .
this is my favorite pizza in the entire valley .
both selections were impressive and fresh .
loved my sandwich !
this is my favorite ruth 's chris .
1/2 price appetizers and wonderful booze specials .
i settled for an asian noodle dish with thin slices of grilled tofu .
if i could give this place a zero i would .
the bbq was amazing we ordered bulgogi and chicken .
i also love the remodel !
i love this place !
this is the place to go for great food .
it 's very quite and people keep to themselves .
what a great concept !
if your a business owner looking for a new location please stop by .
just the car wash . ''
- the course itself was average , the greens average .
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .
we had a great time .
the inside atmosphere had a `` quaint '' kind of feel .
worst ribs ever !
the area dedicated for the buffet area is too small to service their customers .
it fills up fast .
this is an embarrassment to our beautiful neighborhood .
i ordered potato skins sans bacon and fried shrimp .
delivery is done in a reasonable amount of time and food comes hot .
pathetic customer service .
the inside was seedy , but not in a fun , dive bar way .
we tried the cod both fried and baked .
we ended up throwing it out and ordering pizza .
i highly recommend lon 's especially for a special celebration .
if you are looking at high schools in northern scottsdale avoid this one .
pretty good ... for mc donald 's .
the atmosphere is serene , service nice and my salad was fresh and light .
i am pulling my fur from them and will never use them again .
the sashimi was amazing .
the chicken was overcooked , though i liked the shrimp and the tofu .
will definitely be back .
out here for spring training and it has amazing food and a great atmosphere .
i really like this place !
they also have great wings .
recommend this for every age , great take .
outstanding ... .
ugh .
i was also impressed with their chilled beers .
what a beautiful dive cafe !
which is a bonus .
he never bothered to call me back .
will not go back .
and attentive and were very good with oscar .
he 's fantastic .
i would recommend them to anyone and have continued to do so .
there were n't any tables available .
nothing at all .
( it was 1am , had no other choice but to stay . )
i was missing _num_ burgers & a fry .
dillard 's ... it 's my go to store !
i never really get this angry about something .
after a bit of back and forth ... owner walked me out .
i was only planning on being there for about _num_ minutes .
superb service and tortellini to die for .
just had lunch , server was great and food fantastic .
i finally approached the desk , he looked at me and walked away .
they were friendly , so that was a plus .
i will definitely return .
good prices , free coffee with meal and great service .
actually my bad , i really did n't think about it .
some of the best thin crust pizza i 've ever had .
_num_ this is college town _num_ .
the food and service at this location has always been top notch .
highly recommend .
it sounds so good now .
i will definitely be back !
food is pretty tasty as well !
clearly , the chef has not heard of seasonings .
relaxing environment with great food .
tastes like everything came from a packages or was frozen _num_ minutes before serving .
they have amazing finds , great prices and their customer service is five star .
best mimi 's ever !
family owned and operated .
i wo n't go back .
disappointing .
the atmosphere is nice with indoor or outdoor dining options .
my boyfriend loves this place and i do n't mind it either .
bad business .
prices are very reasonable and weekly sales are a great deal .
i highly recommend it !
great value for the money .
know your stuff before stepping into these kind of places .
can always get what you need here !
i 'm originally from scottsdale , and grew up dreaming of getting married here .
i loved this place .
i love the wine , the food , & the service here !
it was delicious and they gave us a large amount of pita .
this place is super friendly and helpful !
thank you so much for making the night special .
no chicken fingers or chicken nuggets for the little ones .
thomas and his crew are stellar !
this is no way to run a business .
always consistent always good .
overall good food and location !
the prices were ridiculously high .
wonderful fast service !
would highly recommend this place to anyone of my friends .
the staff is amazingly friendly !
this is my favorite breakfast spot .
great food , and an excellent service experience .
overall would n't recommend .
the pasta does n't even taste pasta .
we started with the green chile mac and cheese , which was very good .
sorry never again .
my point in writing this is really to inform the owners .
it was spectacular !
do yourself a favor and skip this unprofessional , substandard salon .
beautiful patio .
the time of play was great and the greens have a nice roll .
so disappointed .
wo n't ever eat there again unless they hire a decent cook .
recently , they have done some remodeling in some of the apartments .
we ordered sour cream on the side and that made it perfect .
all three have different needs and their coats look amazing when they 're done .
that 's good enough for me .
the price of the dinners simply does not justify the quality of the experience .
very friendly .
found out i could get the same job done for just over $ _num_ .
fair prices , odd hours .
think twice -- this place is a dump .
amazing service and pumpkin pancakes with whip cream that was the bomb !
ray is the best and first class auto is the best .
everyone was so friendly .
the main problem was inconsistent and nonexistent service .
( takes me back to the late _num_ 's ) .
but , alas , no such luck if the dining area is closed !
lovely place to sit and have quiet time .
great staff !
it 's just too expensive for what you get .
love this local restaurant/bar .
i love their bagels !
i was so happy we decided to go try this place this weekend .
my favorite restaurant in scottsdale !
which is kinda a good thing .
the wine was excellent .
this place is a total scam !
i thought the dough however was bland and seemed overworked .
best pizza in phoenix !
still no excuse .
portion sizes are generous and for a reasonable price .
the whole place looks like a cheap apartment complex .
paradise valley florist is fantastic !
we will not be back .
guest and everyone just had such great things to say about our venue !
the place was n't packed and had a good atmosphere about it .
fast , friendly service .
no thanks !
wasted my time .
this is not during holidays , it is an everyday thing .
so good !
the roasted potato side is cooked perfectly ... some crispy edges and fluffy centers .
my previous review was _num_ stars .
clean and gated facility , lights in units as well .
otherwise , go inside & see for yourself .
i can only comment on the brunch they presented on sunday .
this was the most uncomfortable ultrasound i 've had yet .
but the outstanding dish was the pork tenderloin .
staff is very helpful .
i rarely write a review , but i feel in this case i must .
food was excellent , nice ambiance , & service at the bar was friendly .
this is absurd !
worst tanning experience i have ever had .
i went to d & c the other day for restaurant week .
that is important to me .
my friend went here for the 1st time , and will be the last .
definitely worth trying if you like a good pie .
i 've had most bbq places around and this place is sooo good !
greens hold nicely and put pretty true .
this is my new nail salon , they just made a longtime customer .
it was awful .
highly recommended .
we did n't have a server acknowledge us for about _num_ minutes .
my favorite thing is the salmon and sweet potato ravioli 's !
i tried everything that was brought and did n't finish any of it .
the food , is fantastic and the service is great .
chicken mole enchiladas tasted like the mole came from a can .
you 'd never guess looking from the outside how great the food is .
i will return for sure !
i love their hummus .
love this place .
amazing little place , very friendly staff and great country music .
and handed the incorrect bill back .
curry is flavorful and the right amount of heat .
get there for the happy hour and you could n't be happier .
the wait time is always more than an hour and a half long .
really not good food .
all four of us had different entree and all were excellent .
now we are greeted with a very smiling morning girl ... at 5am !
now , i 'm just left disappointed .
it is fresh , tender and delicious .
great service , great value , well done .
they were all amazing .
they thai tea is delicious and most important , they are pet friendly .
we came for lunch and it was wonderful .
on top of that , they completely forgot to make my cheese bread .
delicious food !
when i first walked in it has a weird setup .
great resort , the grounds are perfect , the staff was awesome .
dr. tom did most of my adjustments and he is great as well .
ambiance is loud with a fun vibe .
too expensive .
kind of like heaven .
i walk a line for him and say see obviously not drunk .
suffice to stay , this is not a great place to stay .
i was tossed out of er as if nothing was wrong .
but the food is still great .
a pretty good place to grab a beer and catch up with friends .
you know it 's a good night when your credit card receipt says so .
the owner is fabulous and helpful .
truly an unfortunate experience .
great people , awesome atmosphere , and tasty drinks and food .
we will definitely be back .
if you must go to one of them choose the mills ave one .
everyone there is great to work with !
i did eat at top shelf twice within a week and a half .
this is not a resort or modern in the way you are thinking .
i tried the chef salad and the quality was just low .
there yoga classes are also great !
the atmosphere and staff were great as was the food .
she was making the dogs yelp when she did this .
i am really embarrassed to send my patients to this pharmacy .
the problem is the bartender .
i appreciated their honesty and checking my car out free of charge .
so so good !
and i like two buck chuck !
side salad comes with bacon and a croissant !
if you have a chance to visit this place , definitely do so .
wow do they have everything you need .
both were excellent and i would order both of them again .
thanks !
we will go back on our next trip for sure !
the customer service is nonexistent !
everyone is so friendly and knows their stuff !
unfortunately it 's where the birthday girl wants to eat .
oh well , onto lunch !
everything was terrible -i read the above reviews and was surprised .
this hotel was represented on hotwire as a luxury _num_ star resort .
rock solid traditional southern italian fare .
i absolutely loved this place .
they are a terrible barrier .
technically , i was ripped off too .
i highly recommend impact auto body .
excellent restaurant .
definitely one of my favorite dive bars in scottsdale .
i 'm not a fan .
fun atmosphere .
the food is good , the drinks are good and the service is good .
this would have been true customer service even in a hard situation .
the doctor was horribly wrong , as the bill was slightly under $ _num_ .
they genuinely care about my pets and their well being .
staff is nice and friendly !
definitely worth a visit !
this is good ol ' authentic , greasy yummy mexican food .
everything i bought worked out perfectly and i have her to thank for that .
thanks for an awesome lunch !
best patio in old town and extensive tequila list .
prices are crazy good !
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
i would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a romantic dinner .
every time i come in im greater with a smile and served quickly !
i love that she gives me honest answers about skin care lines .
the people we were with said their meal was ok but not great .
this restaurant has the best fajitas , rice , and beans .
i am beyond pleased with the service these guys do .
this is such a special place .
looking through the reviews , i realize i am not alone .
$ _num_ for _num_ people and no cocktails .
thank you !
great dinner .
get there early for happy hour !
outstanding , enough said .
express took your business due to poor customer service , and experience .
and their great margaritas !
i was happily surprised at the helpfulness and honesty .
the salsa is exceptional and i out on everything i had !
tonight was my first night in the tempe improv in a very long time .
that is unacceptable service and we will not be coming back to this establishment .
got ta love the clearance racks as well !
she did a marvelous job on my hair !
our group today much enjoyed .
with that being said , i ca n't complain about the service .
good and on time .
`` why so much need for car washing ? ''
breakfast is always phenomenal .
i usually get two with a side of rice , bueno !
will definitely be going back !
thank you !
so rude !
we did a search and found this nice mexican food restaurant .
would n't stay here again if it was the last place on earth .
my friend ordered chicken with cashew .
the price is as good as the food .
worth looking for !
unbelievably great !
other than the manager , most else was a zero .
first off , the lady working there was rather stuck up .
all these amenities and fantastic service as well !
best hot salsa in town .
far worse however was the service .
the chicken had a great flavor .
the fries were soggy with no seasoning .
couple of complaints with this place ; bartenders are not friendly .
no grazie for us again !
the chips are the freshest thing sold here and are n't bad .
great food !
they seem to make it a priority to remember you by name .
the bloody mary 's were watered down .
scarlett cuts my hair now !
our server was also very friendly and attentive .
the starter was cool .
i would give them zero stars i i could .
waiter did n't tell us specials , barely paid attention to us .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
scarlett did my hair and it 's perfect .
and the quality of service is excellent .
highly recommended and will definitely return to this beautiful desert oasis .
the rolls are pretty standard but the quality is almost always excellent .
and the food was fantastic .
we were seated with kyle and he was very friendly and attentive .
ambiance is nice and the food is delicious .
the sea bass is amazing !
the service was quick and the food was delicious !
will be back !
i 'm so happy i did !
super friendly .
beautiful day for outdoor dining .
the salon is very clean and trendy .
i am going to give them five stars for the great service and advice .
they might even screw that up too , not joking .
super nice staff .
working in a customer service field myself , this is not acceptable .
ate here during restaurant week and was looking forward to the seafood trio .
this is a very nice pizza joint .
she said `` yes , sorry . ''
i really enjoy grazie .
i just moved to scottsdale and ate dinner here ... amazing !
this is definitely a _num_ star restaurant .
so i opted the pork chop and it was very good .
never ever come to this shitty ass racist white trash bar .
went to don and charlie 's tonight for mother 's day .
highly recommended if you are in old town scottsdale for lunch !
great breakfast sandwich !
i got so many compliments all day yesterday and it still looks great today .
the coffees are sooo good there too .
overall - great store and service .
i 'll be sure to spread the word about your establishment .
very enjoyable and filling .
best place in my neighborhood !
i 'm sorry .
absolutely the best detail service in the valley !
been going here for _num_ years great place to eat .
the sets were awesome and the food was actually good !
the service leaves little to be desired .
they want you to pay $ _num_ for a hamburger !
i would not recommend this place .
neither of us liked it very much .
love it here , after their big remodel the wait is n't as long .
everything was perfect and so fresh .
warm rather than hot , and drab .
it was a mess .
needless to say , we wo n't be going back .
seriously the sauce to cheese ratio is embarrassing .
either way the meal is quick and a fair price .
margaritas were fantastic .
highly recommended to anyone looking for a great place to live .
every employee was kind , helpful , and most importantly not pushy .
i strongly recommend advanced eyecare .
great dinner show some nights of the week .
beef was flavorless like it was n't seasoned .
no big deal .
overall , a so-so experience .
the people are very great too .
the food is normally hot , tasty , and filling .
i have been pleased with the haircuts my little boys have gotten here !
is it the best vietnamese ?
what a great authentic italian spot .
what great customer service !
i refer everyone and anyone to this place .
recommended through you all on yelp .
i made a reservation here to celebrate a one year anniversary with my girlfriend .
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .
are you sure you did not get mine ?
service was excellent .
great menu .
i am happy with the results and i plan on going back soon .
very yummy !
came here today for lunch and thoroughly enjoyed myself .
the food is very good quality and i 'd definitely eat here again .
horrid service with below average food .
we waited over _num_ minutes to be seated so we just left .
i wish she would have walked out too .
the food was shockingly hot and fast out the kitchen .
will definitely order again !
the tuna is fantastic , trout wonderful , ribs great , chicken perfect .
probably the best mexican food we 've ever eaten .
i will not go here again .
so i will never go again .
one of the best spas i 've been too .
will return !
service was great , very polite and attentive .
fajitas here are sooo good !
nice service .
what horrible people .
good pastries , good cakes , good coffee , good bagels , good cookies .
they look great and the taste great and they have great options as well !
fair pricing .
great shop , great service .
i regret having bought the tires from pep boys to begin with .
wow what a lovely place .
i do n't like the front office staff .
we took a dozen home and got a variety of them .
go back _num_ minutes .
everyone who handled my dog was very friendly and very understanding .
enjoy !
grab one you have n't heard of , and enjoy !
some of the residents are questionable .
everything is fresh and delicious .
the trick to getting your lunch in a timely fashion is to call ahead .
great greek salad and gyro .
all the bartenders are amazing .
it 's a fun atmosphere with friendly staff.
sorry wo n't be back .
loved the mushroom pan fry , really a unique dish .
i painfully paid and was grateful to be done with it .
it 's the only reason this place is getting their _num_ star .
and most of the bar has already cleared out .
i really do .
a frequently used door by staff and patrons blowing cold air directly on us .
the service as always is excellent and so is the food .
quality place , clean , friendly , quality work .
we got some really great plants and pots for our house .
total waste of time , definitely not coming back .
fantastic !
you are better off going to get a frozen pizza .
the prices were the best and worth it .
did n't look like anything i would want to sleep in .
friendly staff and a great bar selection !
this is the best salad i ever had .
yes i sent it back _num_ times !
food was painfully bland .
even with my receipt she had no interest in helping me out .
same great taste and service like the others .
a south scottsdale classic .
this is a really cool mom & pop diner .
trash .
it started out good .
delicious sandwiches !
my husband has the reuben sandwich and likes it .
super easy .
we highly recommend this restaurant !
messed up our order twice and took _num_ minutes to get our food .
george , the bar keep was very friendly and accommodating .
best chinese food i have tried in scottsdale .
as buffets go , everything was pretty good .
keep up the good work !
smart auto is awesome !
i can only say that what he wrote is a perfect review .
she is an expert colorist .
good old fashion mexican food .
the chicken shrimp pesto pasta was pretty good though .
check it out !
we loved being so close to the players .
burrito express is a delicious choice for a mexican lunch .
right now .
very friendly and helpful even when they had no financial interest to help .
thanks for keeping our teeth healthy !
which is cool to the touch !
my stylist was amanda and i love , love , love her .
horrible place .
their eggplant parm rocks , as does their cesar salad .
the news management is honestly the best one i 've had .
the price was perfect and a job very well done .
i would recommend this restaurant if you are in the area !
the overwhelming taste was fried batter , not fish .
i dont suggest this is the place to put your hard earned money into .
my friend ordered a chicken shawarma and also said it was n't good .
no anything ?
the food was excellent .
scottsdale 's best and possibly oldest dive bar !
really good food .
it 's a heck of a lot better than long john silver .
i 'm still so confused about this place .
seriously great food !
a little annoying , but the breakfast station line moves fast .
a makeover would do the baked goods justice .
good beer , wings and pizza .
this place is the worst place we have ever been to .
i truly believe waitress was racist for us being brown .
my wife and i really enjoyed our time there .
could n't wait to leave .
i wo n't be back .
their fries are some of the best i have ever had .
not the way to get new customers .
good for a good time and a good drunk !
again , cooked perfectly , with great crunch to the crust .
great pizza .
travel books galore and everything in between .
i must day , it was worth the wait .
best .
if the food was exceptional , i would n't bother at all .
no oil on the lanes .
highly recommend !
service is friendly and fast .
the staff are so friendly and answered any questions we had .
they are our personal first aid team and we are grateful they are here !
acoustics and lighting are good .
he pours them out and one comes up very short .
other than that , delicious food and great value !
wait time is long .
great staff , great prices .
i recommend .
fairly creative menu with quality .
unfortunately , i was sorely disappointed by both the food and service .
thank you again for excellent customer service .
if you find this useful , funny or cool please check below .
it was so thoughtful ; paradise valley went above and beyond .
all you can eat menudo !
food and service were outstanding !
waited again for a while , no one came to seat us .
that is the definition of excellent customer service .
the salad was extremely poorly cut and was difficult to eat because of that .
i love ulta .
please do n't make the same mistake we did .
i agreed and am so pleased .
highly recommend this place !
thankfully i had ordered a baked potato and it was great too !
a great family business that cares about their customers !
highly suggest pep boys across the street though !
the lines can be very long - i do n't know why !
the food here , in my experience , was below average .
check out time is 10am .
casual , classic and a must stop stop .
greg really is a true artist .
if you like a clean rug , this is not your place .
the people that work here are _num_ % wonderful .
thanks for being so welcoming !
where is the lazy river ?
cold , fruity , delicious , fast .
dr. davis and dr. nelson are both such gems !
i love the green sauce that comes with it .
beware , whatever you do , do not go to these scam artists !
love this place !
fantastic part of our vacation to arizona .
terrible , just crappy in every way .
i went and as always the job is great .
the blueberries tasted rotten .
really good pizza cooked in the wood oven .
for almost $ _num_ including tax and tip i 'd rather eat somewhere else .
both also very good .
so delicious !
want something real spicy ?
i got the combination plate and everything on it was pretty mediocre .
awesome place .
good food , decent price and a southwestern atmosphere .
great service , great food , this is my kind of place .
the food was great .
excellent service .
i choose to see the best about what i do !
went for a mani/pedi with my mom and it was great .
bought an excellent quality leather belt , and very nice leather wallet .
honesty and integrity like that is why they keep getting these high ratings .
will definitely come back when we want a nice steak place !
def pleased .
best prime rib i ever had .
the food was a disaster and everything looked like a punch in the stomach .
margs are small but tasty .
honest .
you will have it on your weekly dining out calendar once you do !
_num_ meals a side of biscuits and a cake .
we were served their famous chopped salad and it was tasty .
you get better quality from a traveling circus .
the pics you see here are nothing like the place .
thank you so much !
horrible .
if i could give this place a zero i would .
i love and miss this place !
i 'm very pleased - i 'd recommend them highly !
happy we stopped by here !
they made good recommendations and showed us all options for different a/c units .
i second all the good things said here .
apparently , silverware is to much to ask for .
this is not anything close to italian cuisine .
friendly people and great coffee .
again , only _num_ maintenance guy on staff .
super cute place and nice atmosphere .
it 's outdated like its food .
the food is fast and very good .
worth taking the kids !
i 'm recommending it for a `` to go '' order .
this is the time to find some amazing deals at kmart .
they have a very bad sewer coach roach problem there .
great service !
honestly i was a little disappointed before i even sat down for dinner .
the rest of the experience was horrible .
this place does not have a reputation of a pizzeria bianco .
what a great discovery this morning .
pretty terrible and annoying experience overall .
quiet place , dog friendly .
but the true hero is the coffee , perfectly brewed and delicious !
there is a variety of great food .
over _num_ tv 's , great staff , and outstanding food .
how tacky .
the circle k in the same plaza has bigger cups for _num_ cents .
unfortunately i hate to write a negative review but i have too .
this apartment complex has the absolute worst parking situation ever .
great spot !
do not , under any circumstances make this mistake .
this restaurant is amazing .
very friendly people .
i highly recommend the banana nut pancakes !
their food is just as good .
management appears brain dead .
i just changed and left as soon as i could because we were uncomfortable .
i was very impressed .
i was totally shocked and felt seriously offended and embarrassed .
great place .
i yelped tobacco shop and boy was i in for a treat .
really nice touch .
there were no peppers !
staff is ignorant of its customers , slow and never seem like they care .
a lot of good and a great deal of mediocre here .
good start to anyone 's morning .
the english name of this restaurant is an old one .
i can not recommend her enough and love going to see her at tru .
and they could n't move us from it because supposedly they were booked .
this a very `` chill '' nail shop !
crisp bagel chips and lite rye grain bread .
very creepy !
showed up on time and did n't leave for _num_ minutes .
showed up on time and that is the only thing positive .
the food is exceptional and very reasonably priced .
this was our second visit here and we were pleased with our dinner .
the food sucked ... .
one of the best pizza places i have been too .
they make their own sausage in store too which is delicious !
the one thing i was looking forward to was the cinnamon tempura ice cream .
one of the best italian restaurants to dine in .
amazing atmosphere !
they are number _num_ in terrible .
this place is horrible .
the acoustics are beyond terrible despite putting in an expensive new system .
love how everyone is in the spirit .
city steak was outstanding , and the shrimp appetizer is not to be missed .
i 'm not a fan of cowboy ciao .
the decor is very modern and everything was very clean .
he was rude and dismissive .
they are so great with my rescue , winston .
regular and the white pizza is the best !
she wo n't say have a good day .
best groomer ever !
i ordered the southwest chicken salad , which came with a mini quesadilla .
the staff is very attentive .
the potato hash was badly burned .
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .
the meat and cheese platters and bruschettas are very good .
came at _num_ am and there was one person eating .
if you must be gluten free like myself this place has great options .
nice ambiance and overall a great experience .
i just ca n't take being treated so poorly .
best happy hour in town !
a great place to look at cars and people .
this place is super awesome !
this place has terrible customer service and lousy employees that work there .
the pharmacy staff were nice and quick .
we said no thanks and left .
the staff is consistently kind and professional and truly care about their patients .
the gyoza dumplings were very greasy and had minimum filling .
remember it 's church .
best place for produce ever .
which is too bad .
the selection is great and they always have some good deals going on .
pretty good a bit pricey but the portions are huge so share .
wow ... .
at this point i was angry .
the food was good , and priced great .
i would n't even think of it .
he is very personable , and made our time there lovely .
love the atmosphere and service is always great .
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .
terrible experience .
carlos pours a really nice clean margarita .
highly recommend this establishment if you are looking for excellent quality !
i love this place .
and , second , this place sucks .
top quality customer service !
their bacon was great !
i am a huge dos gringos fan and will always be .
great company to choose ... if you do it correctly .
managers are a hoot .
got great deal on a dress and cute skirt .
the service was definitely above and beyond .
prices are great , food is great .
rick and his team are truly the best !
people were friendly and atmosphere was great .
hit or miss .
at one point we received our wine _num_ minutes after the course showed up .
this was the worst trout i have ever had .
we all had a great time and really enjoyed our experience .
it was great & i appreciated her being willing to help me decide .
they have never refused to make it .
it 's a great place to spend a hot phoenix afternoon .
this is my favorite burrito place in south scottsdale .
it 's not terrible .
pretty good steak .
i am not fond of watermelon and i enjoyed it .
always a good time here !
so i decided to try a new place !
this place is a complete joke .
we moved from across the country into this crap hole .
had a great dinner last night at elements .
i love this place !
then we headed inside for our main meal .
i always enjoy going to shows here .
great spot for breakfast or lunch in downtown mesa .
the best mexican restaurant i have had so far !
servers are not knowledgeable about wine .
called over a skinny tall skin head to help kick us out .
great out door seating !
skip this one .
i work close and go for lunch often .
richard , the owner is so nice and the staff is amazing as well .
the practice facility is actually great .
ham and ribs both poor quality and very bland tasting .
i could n't leave fast enough .
even the potato skins top our list for the best in the valley .
good food and cold beer .
great location and friendly service .
first off let me say , i have been to many shows here .
and they did not do the full inspection of the rest of the vehicle .
very poor service !
it smells like old people .
really great pizza .
they are soooo helpful , always friendly , always cheerful .
great high end tall and big mens clothes .
i am counting down the days until my lease is up .
_num_ degrees on the patio and four of their heat lamps do n't work .
beautiful little bartender she was much fun .
they are of no value to anyone else but are priceless to me .
rip off .
but was better .
later on the original waiter came back to take our order .
also their food is over priced and mediocre at best .
will definitely be going back !
already have sent my daughter there , will continue to recommend to everyone !
a great value with the groupon .
the food here is fantastic and as authentic as it gets .
this place is a scam and a ripoff .
scottsdale has too many other restaurants that want our money .
i 'm definitely going back to her in _num_ weeks as she recommended .
this comes pretty darn close !
residents need to hire their own attorney to represent them in key problems .
i always eat here for lunch .
they have great sales on super fabulous awesome steaks !
my husband had the pork chili verde and it was not good .
we are now _num_ days out and still no dress .
amazing , traditional italian food for a great price !
we were very disappointed .
win !
good value too .
_num_ minutes for _num_ slice of the most common pizza ever served ?
always a great experience !
this is not as good as it used to be .
very good .
the happy hour price is not the same as what was advertised .
it is quiet and great neighbors that are very dog friendly .
orders are always perfect and pizza is n't undercooked like some locations .
i absolutely love famous sam 's !
so i agree to look at another vehicle and decide to purchase .
we recently listed our home , and sold pretty quickly .
i 'd love to come back again .
was treated poorly because i am a female .
the first bite was so salty i had to spit out .
i was impressed with the variety of items for sale here .
cute spot , gets busy on the weekends .
everyone i have brought here , has loved it .
i will definitely do business with them again .
very intimate atmosphere .
everything i have tried is great !
it has so much charm .
awesome sashimi !
it 's just a burger nothing awesome about it but nothing nasty about it .
ok music and great people watching .
they are open until 8pm too which is nice .
do your research on soy before getting too excited .
this lady was not there even with a confirmed appointment .
refreshingly caring and professional .
great little mexican place .
management is not there , absolutely no call backs .
_num_ minutes later : no drinks , no pita .
i used to really like eating here but not any longer .
they told me they could do it , no problem , within an hour .
they do n't wear gloves here and the store was a complete mess .
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !
just nasty .
it did n't fall apart , it was n't dry ; it was impeccable .
you ca n't go wrong with anything there and the portions are very generous !
the owner was super nice and welcoming .
even worse !
thank you giants for being so amazing !
everyone 's meals were not spectacular and not worth the wait at all .
whoever the owners are really needs to read all of these reviews .
we were having blast and so were most of the other patrons .
it 's worth stopping by if you 're in downtown mesa .
are you sure this is a chain ?
he was understanding , honest and very thorough and responded promptly to my emails .
unbelievable service !
pizza : came piping hot but not made like they usually make them .
customer service fail .
thank you !
poor customer service , complete waste of money .
to our surprise the pizza was amazing !
mom 's in back cooking !
the employees at this ben bridge location are always so nice .
the food was fresh , delicious and exceeded our expectations .
great service .
we 'll certainly be back !
i love this place so much .
the best menudo experience in the metropolitan phoenix area .
i have enjoyed this restaurant for _num_ years .
so glad it 's so close to my house !
are you freaking joking me ?
and i loved it .
she was nice to chat with and my nails look phenomenal !
love love the food too !
the food was okay , i was really hoping to be more impressed .
they never told us in advance .
i recently ate here with my old boss from many years ago .
truly a hidden gem .
really ... people eat that crap ?
one would think that in scottsdale , they would at least provide drinking glasses .
very affordable , very fast and great customer service !
love the midwest feel to the place and food is good .
complementary water bottles are a nice touch for a phoenix location .
highly recommend .
i wish i could tell you the chicken is rubber .
love this place great thai curry !
that was my point and wanted to see if he could 've missed something .
we will be asking for her again !
their nachos & spinach artichoke dip are n't bad .
the food is terrible and the service is even worse .
love it !
amazing !
and what a shock to see that there were no seats .
the food was okay ... an outback steakhouse would have tasted better .
it taste all natural with real banana , cream and cinnamon .
this place is great !
worst yet , i had terrible diarrhea the next day .
thanks shannon for super service !
highly recommend !
the service is usually pretty good and attentive .
speedy , great job and always very friendly !
my husband and i would n't not recommend this restaurant .
i would rather pay a higher price and get a better pizza .
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .
our guide was knowledgeable and entertaining .
loved it !
it 's not .
very easy in and out .
my friend and i showed up for easter brunch only to be turned away .
very classy fine dining place in oldtown scottsdale !
terrible customer service .
pizza is amazing .
thanks !
they use the wrong white rice , short grain instead of jasmine .
matt was the best bartender so far !
room _num_ .
the best persian food i have had in the country .
filthy , dirty and disgusting .
good service .
i really enjoy going to salon tru .
went and got my own drinks ( two times ) at outside bar .
this place is below average .
the associates are great and the service is wonderful .
i went back to the courts for another referral this place was so bad .
the fried clams were horrible .
it 's definitely not worth $ _num_ .
very disappointed .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .
also no adult bar open past dinner .
three hours later the job was done .
once you have some of the food you will know why ... ... .
if you want your order to be correct , call another franchise .
i love this place !
the waitress we always get is great .
love this bar !
also , fashion square mall rocks !
the food was awesome and service was spectacular as well !
phenomenal !
the mac & cheese appetizer is amazing & i absolutely loved the pork chop !
i heart this this place !
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !
the chicken was frozen and nasty .
there were maybe _num_ dresses in size _num_ .
this suite was perfect .
anyway , one thing to ring home about was the lettuce wraps app .
a group of _num_ of us went on a busy saturday morning .
to no avail .
in a bay and getting my oil changed .
the toast was good , but that 's not a shock .
it worked out so great as the location is excellent !
also got ta get an artichoke ... .
save your money , there are several better choices within walking distance .
i 'll pay $ _num_ elsewhere .
very clean , updated and the service is amazing .
what can i say - i just love this place and their food .
when you come to this office , you 're family .
come , you 'll enjoy it i 'm sure .
every side of theres is just amazing .
the spare ribs are probably may favorite dish so far .
and he replied with `` no , it 's _num_ '' .
which is unfortunate , because they usually have a good product .
typical overrated scottsdale eatery .
are you sure you do n't want desert ?
honest air was one of the lowest , but also had the best warranty .
would n't recommend this place for anyone looking for a quick and relaxing meal .
prices are very reasonable , and the staff is friendly .
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .
it seriously looked like a crime scene .
and the soup ( forgot its name ) is awesome .
i had the pear , blue cheese salad and it was great !
i 'm here a lot will return .
usually i am charged _num_ to $ _num_ more , not $ _num_ .
i never felt safe walking to my car .
excellent end to a good week .
she worked hard to bring my ideas to life and exceeded every expectation .
great food , great environment , great service .
warning , do your homework before stepping inside .
i had a very tasty steak that was cooked to perfection .
this place is packed !
it 's a great place to take a break after shopping .
how disappointing .
o ya , they do really nice job and the food , ya buddy .
frustrating because my son 's sports medicine specialist referred us .
this walmart has a nice selection of guns and ammo .
very nice , casual environment ( and clean ) !
super authentic , affordable , and the staff was super friendly .
for $ _num_ , it was incredibly disappointing .
this place has a great patio and good food .
he has a great sense of humor and returns a gracious attitude .
mediocre food .
another bad italian take out story .
also , the meat itself was juicy and yummy .
todd the owner was very nice and accommodating .
yes ... super lame .
but when we do , we feel comfortable leaving him here .
definitely will be seeing more of me here !
this is by far my favorite pizza .
everything was fresh .
i would definitely eat here again and i hope you do too .
i was very disappointed and it caused a lot of stress .
no , i said , i want the chair done correctly .
the chef stopped by our table and even stayed to chat with us .
we tried some of the beers on tap and they were all quite delicious .
awesome food , great margaritas , friendly service .
salmon very tasty and vegetable salad yummy .
it was just as good as i remembered as a kid !
the woman at the counter is a rude asshole .
first off , the guy wo n't make any special orders for his customers .
i recommend .
not really sure what to make of that .
great little mexican restaurant in old town scottsdale !
karaoke steve is the nicest and the bartenders are great .
poor wines selection to qualify this place as a wine bar .
tried their italian menu and really liked it .
arizona school of real estate gives you _num_ different study guides .
we loved it here !
the rice was bland and the pork was an odd color .
i love their jewelry selection .
i would recommend it .
service was also excellent .
suzanne herself did the alterations and it was perfection .
how convenient is it that the apartment does n't exist anymore .
they also carry gluten free pasta .
their house dressing that they put on their salad is so delish !
scary neighborhood too .
so happy we found this wonderful veterinarian office !
so crispy and fresh from the brick oven .
we really like this shop .
i would not recommend going here .
immaculate and well put together .
this is my new breakfast place , all mine !
no more .
geez , it 's always such a treat to come here .
for anyone interested in decor , this place is a dream .
the bartender did n't even know what channel it was on .
the gravy from the biscuits and gravy was wall paper paste .
so i guess they are not roaches .
the bartenders were extremely rude and unfriendly .
nice little market with friendly people .
i payed over $ _num_ for my meal and felt totally ripped off .
good place !
love the keg .
he made our `` laying out by the pool all day '' experience amazing .
two thumbs up !
the ribs were okay , and were served room temperature .
they are quite simply the most professional and best real estate school in arizona .
you have a job that probably sucks , but guess what ?
it then took another _num_ minutes to get fajitas to the table .
well organized .
extremely disappointed .
a year and a half later i 'm still extremely pleased .
our waiter was fantastic !
i was fairly wet before i ever saw my food .
live music and good wine helped round out our dining experience .
service was great too .
wait to be disappointed .
wo n't come for breakfast again but might try the bakery .
the salads at _num_ , are the best we 've seen .
i 've never had such terrible service .
hell wo n't take her because she gives them a bad name .
the sauce did nothing for me .
you guys are very informative and very helpful .
took my mom here for mother 's day and we loved it !
they have lost everything that previously made them better than subway .
talk about a surprise !
the food service was well coordinated & efficient .
please try it out !
there are _num_ floors and i 'm on the 5th floor .
when i gave up , after several minutes , i walked out .
turns out they could n't even give me black but dark brown instead .
great job guys !
service was great and would come back again .
it feels like rocky point spring break but super upgraded !
the entire set up was not even relaxing .
which we were about to leave for lack of service .
regardless , i just do n't feel i can trust marshall 's anymore .
good service and nice people .
ugh .
i would n't recommend this restaurant to anyone .
we came here with four hours until my cousin 's wedding .
some of the best fresh italian bread i 've had .
so disappointing .
the cut was uneven and terrible .
will definitely come back !
they also have horrible tv service , wtf ?
maybe they accidentally served us ragu .
i also love that you can watch the little planes take off .
my picky kid will even eat here !
but i will not go back .
nice crispy crust .
however , order a drink and sit at the bar .
fabulous job !
having searched for this dress for a long time , i was upset .
then , part of our order was missing , another few minutes .
the place was clean and the staff was friendly .
great patio when the weather is nice .
tonight 's was far off the mark .
service is good as well .
incredible service .
mediocre at best when it comes to customer service !
the donuts are really good !
i am a huge fan of the reverse happy hour also .
life 's short , eat dessert first !
server was very attentive .
on top of that she actually stopped to hear what the customer was saying .
everyone is very friendly .
great selection of desert friendly plants .
the stetson salad is how good as they say it is .
they were all really good i really liked the dragon roll .
did n't care about pain .
left a message that i wanted to place an order .
every day she answers and gives whatever excuse she can think of .
this is the best one .
the pizza is delicious .
i had the seared ahi tuna and it was also very good .
i was so excited because i was totally craving rice noodles .
pies are great , wings amazing .
the employees are always straight-forward , honest , and helpful .
the salad was about average but the chips were amazingly tasty .
so happy i found a place i can trust !
the steaks were the perfect size for us and they were cooked perfectly .
it was so watered down .
obviously plenty of people have smoked in that smoke free room .
this was our first dining experience in scottsdale and it was the best pizza !
well , amazing everything !
store is always super clean and the employees are very helpful and kind .
excellent emergency room care !
all of these were amazing .
he has a great , wide assortment of songs , old and new .
very overpriced , inefficient and nothing special !
i also failed to mention that they have no kids menus !
worst service i have received in a long time .
the front office staff is completely useless .
customer service by ashley is awesome .
i had the classic italian and it hit the spot !
love it will come again when back in mesa .
i ordered the dark mexican draft beer , which was served way too warm .
very professional .
it was a perfect spot for us .
everyone is fast , efficient and accurate .
i hired these guys to come install a mirror in my master bath .
i love grimaldi 's .
thank you for a great dining experience !
the other is the italian cold cut which i will try .
a nice neighborhood delivery with good italian eats .
the tortilla soup and the halibut were delicious .
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .
the ribs were amazing .
i 've tried their pizzas and always enjoyed them as well .
the chicken pesto sandwich is amazing , but they 're all amazing .
ca n't wait to never return .
highly recommend .
later that night my wife was in pain from the food .
great ambiance and service too !
probably not worth it .
i always take my friends from out of town here .
i love the charming interior !
willy the service professional was great !
thank you for keeping us safe on the road !
methinks that i 'd much rather have chips and salsa !
exceeded my expectations ... .
worst service i 've ever received !
would think it could be just me , bit obviously not .
this place has the worst service of any bar i 've ever been in .
if it were possible to give them zero stars , they 'd have it .
efficient , clean and simply amazing .
do not go here unless you absolutely need to see a band .
i 'll spend my money in monterey .
the chips were stale .
two big pieces of chicken , and it was very good .
$ _num_ admission and $ _num_ on tuesdays .
stick with the regular coffee and donuts and you will be pleased .
she was however very understanding and caring .
the last response from rio verde : `` maybe you should consider moving . ''
it was a real treat meeting teachers carrie and robin .
definitely the best wings in phoenix .
the sad thing is in this economy they are struggling .
this is the best pizza in the usa , no doubt .
big disappointment .
this place has good breakfast with a great selection .
great wedge salad really hit the spot on the latest visit .
the food was amazing and the cake was the best i 've ever tasted !
great service , fast service .
this company is very unprofessional .
that was pretty cool !
the menu is pretty limited and oh so pricey .
this place reeks of sexy and would be a really impressive second date .
and you can still smoke here !
and if so , why is mr .
so good .
i will be having my husband coming as well .
at the bar , the service is excellent and the ambiance is wonderful .
food and service were very good .
i 'm a fan of zizzo !
the office is clean and cute .
much like the restaurants down in tucson .
we have both liked everything we have tried .
i had an amazing meatball sandwich and tried they 're homemade sandwich .
the acoustics as always were terrible .
bread is amazing , all around .
we went on a wednesday , and the place still had a decent crowd .
how effing ridiculous .
i would not come here again .
once i got in the door , i was very disappointed .
both are amazing !
absolute top notch , loved it !
all were delicious !
the wings were meaty and saucy with just amount of kick .
great service and reasonably priced .
extremely disappointing to be treated like this .
so good !
you ca n't go wrong here .
i wish they had better management , because the food itself is decent .
been a customer for years !
seems to be the trend at most fast food places now a days .
gave me a form to fill out and sat back down .
great friendly staff , food is tasty for a bar and cold beer !
a true cowboy bar in the heart of old town .
honestly , the only thing worth the money is the menudo .
over inflated prices for food that is beyond sub par .
house made bagel was soooo good !
also loved the bar spot looking into the kitchen .
i look forward to the next time i can indulge .
the service was really fast and pleasant .
i found the perfect gift for a friend of mine .
i really only took classes here to transfer them to asu .
i am sorry to say i was deeply disappointed .
she simply stood there and asked if we were ready yet .
assuming it 's the latter , i ask if everything is good now .
great , polite , and yummy .
the best place in mesa for pizza , seafood pasta and ambiance .
the store side is good but the pharmacy is the worst .
clean establishment .
we were not impressed by the food at all .
loved this place !
no place comfortable to sit , no bathroom , no tv .
great colors and they really take their time !
i have to say it was the worst groupon experience we 've ever had .
fast service and he was so honest .
vito 's is a for sure nice time .
i could definitely see us staying here again in the future .
the ugly : the waitresses were the worst i 've encountered in az .
it must be a mistake .
they checked everything and even vacuumed the car .
i went there with a groupon , so it was well worth it .
great house and outside beers on tap .
taco bell is amazing .
happy hour prices look great i will definitely be back for some music !
i will never visit the salon again .
lots of food , enough to share dishes and try out new things .
very greasy and tasteless food .
it was a blast !
there 's was n't anything .
prices were very good and will be a regular stop .
great atmosphere and the food is amazing .
unfortunately , that time has come and gone .
our waitress was really friendly and we got seated right away .
but some apology with some ownership would have been nice .
great job every time !
i 'm a former resident , i lived at this property for _num_ years .
very helpful and can even create what you want .
i 'm really unsatisfied with this restaurant , but i still paid gratuity .
not so much in scottsdale .
still get back in town once a year and have always made the stop .
everything great you have read about zizzo is true .
servers and bartenders are always super nice and pretty fast .
this is truly the most wonderful school you will find in the valley .
there have been other issues but i wo n't rant about it here .
i will be back !
the entire staff is so warm and fun !
i love this place.
just good sushi .
serve was quick , lots of beer options , and lots of condiments .
great food .
came here on a recommendation , and i 'm so glad i did !
truly a staple in our town .
as an arizona native i 'm picky with my mexican food .
best service and best food ever !
they are unable to control the thermostat so it is usually really cold .
oh so sad to eat nothing for my birthday dinner !
the food was delicious and very reasonably priced .
i will be back !
perfect pick me up if you are going somewhere after the mall !
hands down best pizza in town !
this store is the best !
i really loved the resort .
pizza was great .
at this point i knew i was in trouble .
so lame !
the room , however , was not .
i didnt even take a bite out of it .
moved to arizona about a month ago and live right next to fiesta burrito .
thanks for a pleasant experience .
awesome food , service and ambiance .
reminds me why i stopped eating here before ... .
the chips are bland and dry and their salsa is very american .
amazing as always !
everything here is beyond expectation and the service here is world class !
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .
we stopped at the sugar bowl in scottsdale and had a great time .
i will not be going back .
i feel bad for going the cheap route .
totally not what i was looking for but at least from same family .
over $ _num_ to buy them .
always a great time !
finally just paid and left to get out of there .
the prime rib had no flavor .
thank you kona grill happy hour .
have been four times and have had a wonderful experience each time .
we 've been a few times now and always have a great time .
woman who answers the phone having a bad life .
huge disappointment and ended any return visit .
also love their bulk granola and good selection of beauty products .
i 'm drooling just thinking about how good this place is .
will probably be at least another _num_ years .
pathetic times _num_ !
our waitress was horrible .
stale treats .
it just was n't good .
it offers a little bit of everything .
there were only two employees .
judy n .
worst sonic ever .
their meat is juicy , moist and flavorful .
wow what a total disappointment here !
they 've always had a consistently good selection and decent service .
i can not understand why there is no manager who can fix this .
great , quick breakfast two days in a row .
out of a lot of fish especially for a sunday lunch ... .
i would highly recommend this place to any planning a wedding .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .
it did n't reflect your business values .
it was ok , but not great .
highly recommend eating at vito 's .
it smells last nasty mold all over !
they do not allow service animals in their restaurant .
unfortunately , i never got the call .
the other people in my party agree that the restaurant was terrible .
: ) got seats within five minutes of arriving .
the ambience is very cool , as you would expect in a scottsdale spot .
this place is a dump and the food isnt much better .
he 's fantastic and welcoming to everyone that walks into the door .
the steak was `` fine , ' not good flavor but edible .
i could serve these plates out of my own kitchen .
stayed at this hotel because we were attending a swim meet across the street .
this is a perfect time of year to enjoy this restaurant .
all was delish and enjoyable .
no `` happy anniversary '' .
love the food here !
their salsa is to die for with a perfect blend of taste and spice .
sloppy .
i 'm not _num_ and i 'm not stupid .
shooting benches are a little close together .
love it !
the license on the wall reads _num_ .
it was stiff , so that is good .
we will not use arizona rose company again .
no salt on top or even on the side for our own taste .
however , the bartenders were outstanding !
rachel made this experience the best i could of asked for .
i will definitely continue giving them my business !
our first visit with friends who recommended it .
i would say for the price point that it was uninspired .
that 's right , two bowls .
i am now also using tea tree oil to help .
a picture says it all .
the prices for contacts and glasses are also very competitive .
awesome margaritas and great ambiance .
the girl that refunded me was nice but usually i have crappy service there .
sunshine rocks ( in a beer budget way ) !
my daughter 's salad was completely forgettable .
great to have them close by .
she 's fantastic and such a doll .
the manager refused to change the price saying that all the locals know this .
good quality food and very clean .
love the honey banana won ton served at the end .
very comfortable and upscale clientele .
the flavors were plentiful and delicious .
i would never step foot in this store again .
first off , we were sweating .
great green chile , nice atmosphere , good patio and well stocked bar .
this place is horrible !
i loved the pepperoni and cheese that they use on the pizzas .
the energy is great , the people are fun .
just apologize for the error and offer to fix it .
this place was great !
waited for about _num_ mins .
i should have taken a picture .
pretty standard food quality for a high end chain .
amazing little local restaurant .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
thank you michelle .
the `` hash brown potatoes '' are not hash browns by any means .
holy god this is _num_ !
horrible service- they could not have cared less we were there .
fun environment beach themed .
he was kind , helpful , and patient .
they got to know us and knew what we ordered .
the quality done here is amazing .
best enchiladas ever , and i am not usually an enchilada fan .
i had the three cheese fondue and it was delicious .
very disappointed .
they probably have good fried food but anything else is just not good .
excellent repair work -- amazing customer service .
in addition they had lost three shirts .
excellent service , fantastic food !
and to top it off delicious food .
very sweet .
they always find a way to screw up our paperwork .
honestly , people should be warned about this place !
music is pretty loud .
they were done on time as promised with quality work .
went there saturday night for my wife 's birthday .
additionally , the steak was very cold when it was served to me .
great service !
it 's a nice environment , not too fancy , but comfortable .
very fresh ingredients !
i find that very odd .
it 's a very nice store that is extremely clean !
not cool .
employee taking order was short and rude .
in my opinion , good food does not make up for horrible customer service .
i will just pick up taco bell next time .
very flavorful , delicious food .
the staff is super nice and helpful .
i do not recommend this for visitors looking for authentic mexican food .
good location !
the outdoor patio was great and made the dinning experience that much better .
great that they are open late on weeknight .
i asked the police for help but that was a lost cause !
the calamari appetizer was fantastic .
the cake was dry and tasted like a cookie .
i got the worst hair cut here !
it was soo good too .
time was this buffet was plentiful with good choices .
great service , great sushi , always fresh and really great prices .
his attitude was `` your tough luck '' if you do n't like it .
very disappointing !
the foods gotten really bad too .
friendly staff .
top notch for my wife and myself .
well ... sarah did it again !
heck , i 'd even take some salt .
best persian food in phoenix hands down !
best green chili soup on the planet .
downfall , prices are ridiculous and they only take returns from their own location .
the staff is also super friendly .
loved our french toast , no we really really loved our french toast .
this is the worst experience we have ever had .
i did not hear from them for two hours .
spend your money elsewhere .
very disappointed .
would recommend mi comida to anyone !
food is good , coffee is hot .
bacon is also really good here , well bacon is good anywhere .
this is a great restaurant with fantastic breakfast cuisine .
definitely a place to go and see a show or hang .
the calzone was a hot pile of salty awful .
i can highly recommend their guacamole which is seasoned perfectly and never overwhelming .
i was very surprised that the salads were very good .
defalco 's is a great spot !
nasty !
a great experience .
great nursery !
the decor was gorgeous , everyone was friendly , and ryan was very knowledgeable .
sauce is really great !
i was extremely underwhelmed .
the sweet and sour chicken was bright pink and more onion than anything else .
the equipment is n't the latest and greatest .
this place was great , i love the fact that it 's family owned !
the atmosphere was casual and comfortable .
i highly recommend this company -- very impressed with their professionalism !
the chicken appears to be pretty good quality but really soggy .
the beef in the beef broccoli was average and the broccoli was mushy .
worst part of all is the cornbread tasted `` flat '' .
she tipped another $ _num_ .
but , why was it so dead on a friday night ?
shockingly disappointing !
love this museum in mesa .
also , everyone was super friendly and nice !
he 's relaxed , friendly and happy to answer any silly question you have .
it 's also very small indoors , but honestly worth it for the food .
they did that and more .
he walked off .
today i was excited to get my free gel pedicure .
it was awful .
they have a lot of everything !
this place is awesome !
$ _num_ after insurance for my glasses alone .
cooked perfectly .
i sat next the register .
that night my eyes were red and irritated .
fine dining and everything was tasty .
steve 's the man !
_num_ they have a giant parking lot and a drive thru .
dr. wright seems friendly to patients however he treats his staff completely different .
no soup .
absolute worst service i have ever experienced .
i do n't smoke and did n't stain anything .
unacceptable .
just ordered a cheese pizza , extra cheese .
such a shame .
enjoy !
all you get here is cheap cheap cheap for pretty expensive rolls and drinks .
i guess it 's to go orders only from here on out .
definitely want to try more !
it 's the best .
they kept things moving and on time during my visit .
highly recommend .
a little pricey but excellent , hands down absolutely incredible .
excellent food , service and atmosphere .
i will definitely be returning !
quality is key here , seriously .
brings food to table on a plate .
i purchased two western shirts a week ago .
needless to say we were very disappointed in our dinner .
i loved it .
heidi and jim made us very welcome .
well , unfortunately everything else .
the green corn is my favorite , very creamy and tasty .
fresh pasta , meats , cheeses and more .
this is a _num_ star spot !
this particular locations food made me sick .
we loved it !
server was nice and attentive .
it was highly recommended by the concierge of the hotel where we stayed .
amazing !
probably not the most amazing first experience i 've had at a restaurant .
once inside , there was a very foul odor .
the combinations were amazing !
_num_ had burritos .
restaurants come and go and only the best survive .
she has no personality and talks to her patients in a condescending way .
highly recommend these guys .
great meal , awesome service .
they have an awesome happy hour and i would highly recommend this place .
nice wine selection .
i especially enjoy eating on the patio when good weather allows .
great chinese food it does n't get any better than here for delivery .
no it was n't .
ordered different things each time , extremely happy on all visits .
very clean and spacious rooms since it 's an all suite hotel .
i do love this place .
friendly staff seemed to actually enjoy their job .
the worst dry cleaners i have ever been to !
everyone is extremely hospitable and the chips and salsa are great .
i went first and my friend sat next to me and waited .
it looks brand new and very clean .
great food and good juice .
the management here is not friendly unless they know you .
this place is definitely better !
thanks to a friend for recommending this place .
this business has worst return policies !
steak is fantastic !
so ... what 's going on with cheba hut ?
outdoor dining makes for fun atmosphere .
drinks and fees cost too much money .
the massage chair next to me had an upside down chair in it .
thank you so much !
the food will blow you away and is pretty high end .
i went to grazie with my family , visiting from out of town .
it is a place where you can sit back and enjoy your ice cream .
good fresh and hot fried chicken .
you made me find a great new location to get my oil changes at .
believe it or not , that 's too much dough for this place .
i love the outside seating .
but i wo n't be back .
they are so friendly and the food is always amazing !
when we asked to see the prix fixe menu , he seemed annoyed .
this place was great !
the egg foo young looked like chicken and veggies in a thin brown sauce .
also , im not much of a sushi eater .
description did not include that shrimp was part of the soup .
i was extremely disappointed .
great interactive museum !
great home style food .
the woman taking my order was rude and not very helpful .
it 's the most mediocre pizza i 've had in a while .
i can not believe he owns a business .
the cars a amazing to see !
also a great place for first date .
straight up theft and credit card fraud is n't cool .
to me it was lacking something .
i have been stuck for almost _num_ hours now .
i 'm kinda frustrated and hungry at this point .
it was absolutely ridiculous .
this has a great atmosphere .
nice friendly staff and the owner , doug is awesome !
if you visit , highly recommend that you pick a chocolate item !
it does n't and your marketing sucks .
i would recommend both of them !
are they doing background checks on these people like they do residents ?
always honest .
screwed up orders and it took over _num_ minutes to get our food !
the keys were all wrong and could not get in .
there was no review of the specials or the daily quiche availability .
i do n't get it .
excellent customer service .
service was very poor and we were the only people in the place .
worst experience ever !
the only reason i went is because my dad wanted a taco .
the crab cake is the best in town .
uh ... what ?
yup , yup .
it is all ok , not great , but not terrible .
the waffle was light , fluffy , and flavorful .
we both had lunch dishes and the portions were very large and delicious .
i 've tried four different entrees here , and all were terrible .
the atmosphere is great and the staff are very attentive without being overbearing .
great food !
it is seriously my favorite wine bar in the us .
the food was divine , service impeccable .
it was so good !
my main course was chicken marsala and a side of penne .
which i had no problem with .
shame on you discount !
the food was delicious and the service was excellent .
the only good thing about it is the location .
furthermore , my dad looks at everything before taking it in .
thai , vietnamese , and chinese all mixed into one ... mmm mmm good !
i would definitely recommend the noon tour on the dolly !
thank you !
it 's basic , at best .
place is always full lunch time though so you may have to wait .
this place is _num_ square feet and it s always packed on the weekends .
great establishment !
overall we have a great time .
knows exactly what i likes and will call me whenever new stuff comes in .
steakhouse was so good .
wonderful work and a very fair price too .
excellent service and a fantastic selection of food .
small rooms , recently updated , make for a comfortable stay .
happy hour menu is incredible .
it 's only _num_ bucks , not a money issue .
very annoying .
i lost half of them on my right eye by the end .
the staff rocks !
still a delightful little south american restaurant !
this is kind of like the hidden gem of walmart 's .
the new service manager was very professional and took great care of the car .
definitely worth coming here .
the sales are great .
it 's a great deal .
she was excellent .
it 's a good vet .
wow i can go on but i want to take it all in .
we did watch one wild west show and it was well done .
we needed a room asap , so we could shower and get ready .
worst service ever !
the slices are the best i 've ever had .
great library , i could study here for hours on end !
went in and the staff was less than courteous .
bring them here for an easy time at a great wine bar .
he did a great hair massage , that was the best part .
i will most definitely be back .
dental hygienist laurie is absolutely the best !
a very cozy and quaint little restaurant with truly delicious sushi !
worst hotel i 've ever been to .
both are excellent !
i walked out with some beautifully red ribeye at _num_ bucks a pound !
more than pissed .
i feel _num_ percent comfortable with these guys .
always happy staff .
i 'm giving this place one star because i can not give it zero .
it 's not on the menu , but they 'll definitely make it .
my theory when it comes to pizza is simplicity and good ingredients .
she also got the cucumber salad ... yum !
it was that bad .
good environment and good service and good music ( bistro style ) .
two thumbs up !
these guys rock the best prices in town !
i will not be eating there again .
so i was very thankful !
all of their stuff was junk .
great atmosphere , super clean and great service .
these were great !
cool digs !
i wo n't be back .
walked in and smell just about knocked us over .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .
the store was not busy and there were at least _num_ employees around .
all were delicious .
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .
great hours too .
good margs !
there was a mistake on our bill , so we flagged down a waitress .
i will not return to your attempt of mexican food .
and ribs that fall apart in your mouth from being so moist and tasteful !
will definitely come back .
still i will not be back .
and they only gave us two towels .
the tomato vegetable salad displayed well with a refreshing blend of textures and tastes .
despite that , it has an authentic feel to it .
i was extremely pleasantly surprised .
the pizza just is n't that impressive .
my current stylist , lauren , may be the best one yet though .
but i still hate it so so much .
wow !
very good experience all around .
best french press coffee i 've found in town .
it 's bland , slightly dry and just not there anymore .
well worth checking out if you are in the area .
she was amazing !
my main complaint concerns the portions of food .
only complaint is that price is higher than usual fry 's food and drug .
go and be happy .
great sandwiches at reasonable prices .
loved their black beans .
this place is a joke , the food is bland .
continental is just enough of a challenge for me to be fun .
very nice ambiance , tasty food and awesome fresh complimentary pita bread !
the waitresses are friendly .
our server , piper p , seemed like she 'd rather be anywhere else .
he has always made time for us , and answered all of our questions .
to hell with next care .
this place is fun for family 's or a night on the town .
whats on the menu now is nothing compared to what it used to be .
great atmosphere !
david did a great job with my toes and my gel manicure .
a bargain shoppers delight !
however the rest have been horrible .
i came here on a friday night in february with my boyfriend .
i am over excited i found such awesome guys .
but their bagels are amazing .
great service !
the meat was very well cooked and tasted great with plenty of veggies .
they wo n't even return a phone call .
fortunately , our apartment paid for us and our dogs to say .
do n't waste your time !
the toilet in my room was leaking .
service is so bad .
she would n't even look us in the eye .
with no explanation or apology .
very professional service and i was pleased with the alteration .
this is the best place to get bicycle repairs in arizona .
we ordered the carne asada tacos which were very disappointing .
turns out they do not .
bless her heart !
it 's too bad you can rate a store zero stars .
huge fan !
the place was n't packed , but did have some tables .
my favorite is the honey walnut .
tables were dirty and we were the only customers in the restaurant .
wonderful service , creative food and drinks !
i hate the hub .
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !
prime rib medium rare done perfectly , thick cut .
during off peak , you can get _num_ nights for $ _num_ .
the prices are clearly marked for each product .
best sushi in the whole valley !
amazing , very trustworthy .
a great spot to start the night before heading out in old town .
great ambiance and food !
job was done in a friendly , timely manner .
it is n't worth the headaches and frustration .
overall , i would n't recommend this hotel .
best gyro place in town .
absolutely disgusting to find half of my burrito was filled with balls of fat .
i sure did n't get that vibe .
a true mom and pop shop and their food reflects the same .
they can recommend quality products that meet your specific needs .
our third party had lobster and clams and he thought it was terrible .
this place was very unprofessional and not very clean .
the beers on tap are okay , but the margaritas are truly great .
this will be our go to burger place from now on !
cute , cute , cute !
overall , we 'll never return and we should have went elsewhere .
my dog is suffering .
good wholesome food .
pancakes were honestly no joke the worst i have ever had .
great old school sushi bar !
and let me tell you !
but i wo n't be back .
i should have believed the negative reviews .
wow , what a disappointment .
they light up their whole town .
after a few bites , we threw the entire dinner away .
they also make a wonderful entree called evil jungle princess .
waited _num_ days and called them back .
it was an unpleasant dinner .
the price for this place is very reasonable since you are in scottsdale .
our server jason was the most condescending , disrespectful person i have ever met .
most definitely going again next time i 'm in town !
very cool !
leave it out altogether if the real thing is too expensive .
exceptional good , very fair and friendly service .
the whole place was completely unsanitary .
pizza was fresh , crispy crust , and the meatballs were yum !
it really is the best food i have ever eaten .
horrible delivery service .
you can tell she feels like a million bucks !
wine selection was also fantastic !
we waited almost _num_ min ... not one staff member acknowledged us .
loved my pedi too .
i 'm trying to walk off on a bill for $ _num_ ?
thanks becky !
the cashier lacked any personality and it was like talking to a zombie .
we have had much better steak elsewhere .
although i think the false advertising is crap .
that 's right , i said all night happy hour !
the food is also very good .
hands down , the worst cleaning ever !
totally takes the stress out of car issues !
love , love love .
you will enjoy this restaurant .
had a very relaxing weekend and will come back for sure !
no , i just want to work out .
highly recommended .
will not be going back .
the food , everything that was ordered was superb .
we also ordered the szechuan shredded pork and this was just plain simple .
the gun fight show are awesome and looked real with added humor !
the fries were soggy and limp and the experience was disappointing !
i was disappointed after so many great reviews .
this is not what i expect when i buy my yearly membership .
amazing soups , sandwiches , salads , etc .
not only was it old but there was no flavor at all .
spent _num_ minutes waiting for drive-thru order that was all wrong .
there were maybe 10-15 other tables in the whole restaurant .
do yourself a favor and just stay away .
excellent !
the food was mediocre .
my wife had a salad , which she liked as well .
i heard rumors , but i drove by tonight just to see for myself .
sorry to say we did not .
_num_ an electrical outlet inside coach was supposed to be fixed .
i highly recommend them if you want your jewelry done right !
the chicken parm was okay .
unfortunately the food itself was n't very good .
great bartender and excellent food .
very clean laundromat !
great veggie sandwich and great fries .
a salad drenched in olive oil and no vinegar .
no customer service ... and then nothing but disrespect .
red sauce was pretty good .
avoid this cheap tasteless restaurant .
great french toast !
fantastic !
no stars for this place .
funny thing .
do not eat here .
my mother ordered a hot dog and it was microwaved .
and yes , the bathrooms are as disgusting as other reviewers have mentioned .
i 'm visiting mesa from los angeles .
i highly recommend it !
avoid .
the price is very affordable and inside is very clean and professional .
but would be about _num_ minutes and it would be up and running .
the front end staff are terrific and very accommodating .
definitely recommended !
amazing !
it 's greasy as can be .
the food is always excellent .
what a great tobacco shop !
not to my taste .
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .
probably not the best choice for summer .
mango sticky rice a must .
so personable and very caring , i felt like a true bride there !
i would recommend this shop for any exhaust work .
like i said before ; the pizza is delicious !
the bread was very plain , even though one slice had olives in it .
i gave it to my puppy for _num_ days and her cough cleared up .
authentic , excellent food !
a very happy happy hour and delicious spot for dinner .
so gross !
customer service means a lot and joes does not have it .
okay pizza , not crazy about the sauce on the pizza .
great room , excellent pools ( all three ) just ca n't say enough .
enjoy !
drinks are a rip too .
best sushi in mesa !
so you just stand there .
great service .
history or no history , the sugar bowl has lost this customer for good .
engine installed , runs great and done right .
about all this course offers is a lack of snow in winter !
- the fitness center is really small and does n't have a water cooler .
they knew his personality perfectly .
grey power lunch at the carlsbad .
we just noticed that we never got our beverages while we waited .
why 'd they let me make the appointment ?
love the iced t !
an old style family restaurant .
thanks pop the soda shop , for ruining everything .
will definitely have to go back !
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
thank you everybody !
those cone things ... get one ... you can thank me later .
did not answer the phone on multiple attempts .
i 'm a big fan !
overall experience was great !
tons of experiences , all of them really good .
it was great -- every dish had its own distinctive flavor .
thanks mike and april air conditioning - i will definitely use you again !
well i was going to a picnic i stopped for a bucket of chicken .
do not drink the water , it 's bad .
good stuff .
best dentist office around .
what the hell ?
grabbed my bags a my _num_ pack .
this is such an awful thing to do to someone .
jeff from j & h plumbing is great !
this is a solid spot for thai food .
i left a _num_ % tip due to the piss poor service .
she was great and i love the results !
i spoke with the manger as well because i was truly offended .
service , overall , was spotty and a bit slow .
they have a shuttle to the airport , but it is not free .
bad management .
i recommend everyone there .
the pool and the rooms are also top notch .
fantastic ambiance , food , service ... total over all experience _num_ thumbs up !
unethical company that does not live up to thier word .
kevin is the best waiter on the planet and totally made my day !
what an amazing place to stay .
toni was very patient and goes above and beyond to help !
by that i mean local , non chain , nice decor .
well done bc !
i thought the quesadilla was gross ( had the taste of processed cheese ) .
we took our friends for dinner , we all had salmon and trout .
this is one of my favorite places to eat in phoenix .
had a wonderful lunch with good friends today .
great energy in the restaurant .
best side is the sweet potato casserole .
very good food , the green flannel was spectacular , highly recommended .
more like a family serving you than professional waiters .
their sushi happy hour special are just a $ _num_ off .
worst sushi ever .
our waiter was excellent , very attentive .
it was really really good .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .
there 's great live music four afternoons and six nights a week .
the patio is one of the nicest parts to the place .
it is worth the wait .
its a great family owned business !
after getting my drink , i went to wash my hands .
i would n't recommend this place for many reasons .
best beef ribs in az .
it was so not spicy and not flavorful .
customer service was wonderful !
the hummus was good but it was the falafel that was really good .
i would not suggest that anyone ever tries this place out .
it sold in zero days and i got $ _num_ for it .
highly recommend !
the staff do n't appear knowledgeable .
the service is fantastic and the owner is a true artist in the kitchen .
the salsa was watery and i could have made the enchiladas much better myself .
huge servings , fresh pasta , and priced just great .
it was a great experience , and the staff was so gracious !
score , bitches !
loved the diamond upgrade ... .
a very nice resort with beautiful grounds and nice views of the surrounding mountains .
really cute little place .
for the prices they are charging the food should wow and it did not .
which makes me sad , because i 'm allergic to peanuts .
worst dining experience ever !
my curtains are hanging off the windows and stained .
this was the right place to go !
i too experienced the crunchy rice .
the food is delicious .
room was cozy , and the beds were comfortable .
angela is fantastic .
and the sauce ... oh what a fantastic sauce .
we waited _num_ mins for a table - which was totally ok !
no firearms sign at the id entrance is funny .
they are the best .
you need to print it off before going to the restaurant .
she did n't even clear our plates at the end of our meal .
i left the place shocked and insulted .
most importantly , guinness and stella looked fantastic when i picked them up !
very cool local book store in the heart of old town .
really liked it .
i finished my beer , asked for another round , and waited _num_ minutes .
fantastic happy hour all day on sundays and mondays .
highly recommend this place !
ray is really making this place a happening place .
i wo n't be going back .
made us feel like a piece of crap on the bottom of his shoe .
it 's the best dive bar in scottsdale !
go check it out !
they were both great and the service was awesome .
this place is horrible .
but the burgers are good , and the fries .
i brought the problem to the attention of the manager .
we 'll definitely stop by again next time we are in town .
the fish is very fresh and tasty .
you will love it !
carne asada tacos were delicious .
big ass burger is one of the best burger i have ever had !
the waiter never checked on us .
other reviewers point out some great details .
pure perfection .
i am lucky enough to be within their delivery zone and i crave it !
this place is awesome .
the braised beef was extremely chewy .
staff is nice !
i really appreciated the help and friendly tips .
and waiting outside in july is not exactly a nice alternative .
great italian with out all the fluff .
they truly have the freshest bread and ingredients .
it 's so good !
my boyfriend was fit with a quality suit at a very competitive price .
i 've had better and i 've had worse .
i did n't want to cause a scene that would have embarrassed my girlfriend .
for what you get , it seems a little over priced .
i have now spent _num_ hours on the phone , mostly on hold .
i walk my dogs the same route every day .
very disappointed and really hated to give these guys a bad review .
amazing service even on a busy saturday morning .
but i officially hate joes .
freindly people , and great service .
i just had the worst margaritas i almost tried to drink .
family-owned , with fresh , local ingredients .
the food here is delicious .
entertainment is great , dining is so-so .
they have informed me to avoid this school as much as possible .
bland , tasteless food .
great old school barber .
the tom ka gai soup is freshly made to order and worth the wait .
will definitely be there again !
good place overall !
this was a good choice .
the happy hour is crazy good .
overall great experience .
his practice is an unorganized mess .
the food is great .
avoid this place at all cost .
they work with various dietary restrictions , make excellent dishes for large groups .
_num_ plus years and going strong !
i always get the turkey and eggs combo and it is always great.
the service left something to be desired , especially a hot hospitable italian man .
plantains were amazing .
the patio is great this time of year for dinner .
love this spot .
the only vegetarian option was green curry so i ordered that .
a great place for friends to get together .
she is very knowledgeable about what she does .
delicious !
otherwise , always good times at the coach house .
great food and prices .
live band was great .
the technician was very professional and very knowledgeable .
i encourage everyone o spread the word and start standing up for yourself .
we always come here since it 's very close to my house .
this is unacceptable considering we did have a reservation !
for the price i can eat here everyday .
in any event , the booth she sat us at was filthy .
good thing i 'm getting too old for this place .
great place to host a happy hour , party or any other special event !
very clean .
go there every week , for the last couple months .
the units are old and have lots of weird problems .
they are the best in the area .
we were very disappointed .
staff was friendly and helpful .
josh was professional and honest .
this place is always a favorite .
it was properly prepared and served as it should be .
food good , a plate went a long way .
i highly recommend this repair shop and will definitely use them again .
to send me wings without any sauce whatsoever is just ridiculous .
the food is terrible and not worth the money .
fabulous !
we will definitely be using this service again .
great selection of brew .
best thai in town !
tonight marks the worst fast food restaurant experience i have ever encountered .
i had the ny carne asada plate and it was delicious .
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .
great patio .
maybe i 'll try again but i 'll walk next time .
i definitely recommend this place .
worst people ever .
dustin is fantastic .
no website or confirmation telling us set menu vs regular menu !
i 'd definitely recommend her if you need an eye exam .
they give you coffee and bottled water to go !
receptionist very helpful and friendly .
i really do love living here .
i highly recommend and plan to do business with them for years to come !
incredible .
great for sunday brunch !
i said no , i did n't understand you old lady ... .
took us about _num_ min to place order which was fine ; rush hour .
not much on tap beyond the white trash specialties .
a lot of celebrities favor it .
but it probably sucks too !
great neighborhood spot .
unbelievable .
they are extremely unprofessional to deal with .
not much changed inside in _num_ years except for the food .
service was ok but got the job done .
great place for quality food .
i love the sport theme .
but she was not nice about it .
best service and great prices .
it was amazing .
from start to finish a great experience .
i could go again or i could skip it .
the pie tasted just like costco apple pie .
very poor lighting , dirty dressing rooms , very high prices .
we will definitely be coming back !
everyone was pleased with the delicious selection of food .
it was hard to eat it was so bland .
plates and silverware were styrofoam and plastic .
i suggest folks to give this place a try .
julie is a doll !
the food is delicious .
all she could do was apologize repeatedly .
love it .
any tourists from out of state , , stay away from here .
great lunch spot that we frequent quite a bit .
he was attentive , professional and efficient .
their sandwiches were really tasty .
great hole in the wall type of place .
amazing pizza !
we sat at the bar and had attentive service the entire time .
i also ordered an overpriced burger that was sub-par to mcdonalds .
the patio is great when the weather is good .
_num_ weeks later i have my tags and can not find the plate .
big plates of fresh basil with every meal and wonderful fresh baked pita bread .
good for those that expect protection as well as the first timer .
and it was all over the top delicious .
confusion of what servers had what table .
all around fabulous _num_ day stay and hope to be back soon !
it 's a shame management is so nasty and nickel and dime .
as it turned out , i was in very competent hands .
curry says , `` thank you , trim time !
the staff is always friendly and attentive .
i will not go back there and posted this on facebook as well .
our second course was a crab bisque that was almost inedible .
great alternative to a sports bar .
met the owner george , great guy who takes pride in his craft .
spent about _num_ dollars and was still hungry .
small , local bar with new mexican food .
went here last friday and was wondering if i would ever get served .
no complaints about the room itself .
i also had a small caesar salad and baked potato soup , both great .
very cool .
great mini chimichanga , pitcher of margarita .
ended up leaving and going to az _num_ instead .
great atmosphere .
i felt like that was unfair , very , very unfair .
dr. p is nice and cool and easy to work with and very accommodating .
same great food and service are still there .
michelle behind the bar is a doll !
the food is great , service is great .
so , you are in great hands with either doctor .
food was decent , service was terrible .
moral of the story is , do n't forget your id .
liking the vibe and the service was excellent .
oh shit , i said that out loud , huh ?
good coffee .
this was the perfect spot .
excellent happy hour and it lasts until _num_ !
they have no bread service .
nice staff .
this is a great place for lunch and dinner .
i really enjoy the vegetable sides .
ra has a great happy hour !
it is such a relief to find a professional that listens .
i am so sad to see this wonderful restaurant closed .
the pork itself was n't my favorite but it was good .
this food was delicious .
the food is also interesting .
bland , and waaaay overpriced .
very good food .
the staff is great and super friendly !
i 've been here twice now and both times left disappointed .
the menu is simple yet complex in flavorful choices .
thanks preston !
a couple of dates .
food is bland , bland , bland .
this place is disorganized , rude , and low quality .
we will not be back .
save yourself the grief and find another place to eat .
this guy is the real deal .
loved the main pool area and even enjoyed the nearby sports bar .
love love love this place !
either the fried rice is decent , and the meat is not .
their meats are fantastic !
i love this place !
best pizza in town .
would n't recommend to most .
in any case , great clinic , great hospital , great staff .
great servers , great food , great management !
have you noticed yet that i love cheese ?
this takes me about _num_ minutes on a honda car .
the sesame chicken is awesome !
the food is incredibly delicious , flavorful , and authentic .
plus its always a quick visit and that 's something i love .
we headed out for a nice evening of sushi and left very disappointed .
cheap , quick , authentic , delicious .
apparently she does not bother to read the reviews of her coffee shop .
very cool unique little restaurant .
it makes me wonder how often the studio is cleaned down .
whoever prepared that meal or is running the kitchen should be gone .
this place is consistently good .
love this place !
loved the monster burrito and the omelets were fluffy and yummy .
all other parties at the table were disappointed as well .
the food here is very tasty .
i do n't think it is bad , but not good .
love the staff here .
the sausage tasted like fake meat and the pasta was over cooked and mushy .
great chicken penne vodka !
very happy tonight after many bad experiences with other places .
nice wine selection .
fantastic !
i felt sick after eating there .
excellent .
they never get my drink right and they can never make a good drink .
i 'm really not sure what i 'd call the colors of the flowers .
thank you for great service zipps keep it up .
it was a holiday weekend and the place was packed !
plus outdoor seating during the right time of year .
great work quality and very reasonable prices .
thanks !
with that combination met , i did n't really mind the wait .
the atmosphere was quaint and fun , and the service was terrific .
avoid this doctor unless you enjoy over paying for bad customer service .
the oysters rockefeller is delicious !
customer service was really top notch .
i would recommend to anyone !
they make me smile every day !
i highly recommend you try a `` hot ginger ale '' .
they put us in another room , but it was not yet ready .
great spot to start your day .
i mean , not a good kinda smell like oh , smell that food !
this property is desperately in need of an update .
they have been excellent !
dawn took care of our group last night and did a fantastic job !
friendly staff .
prime rib was amazing and so was the chicken fried steak !
we ordered fruit smoothies thinking they would have real fruit in them .
then i glance at it again , and keep walking .
lots of people for a tuesday night - clearly they have a good business .
i recently moved to scottsdale and had never been to defalco 's .
great beer selections .
anyway i informed about the same myself .
it took nearly _num_ hours to have a chance to sing .
i would definitely eat here again .
they do not clean the tables out there .
the beef taco was good but nothing special .
great place !
he never uses salt and pepper out but did tonight .
the place is old and looked dirty .
john had the country fried steak and gravy served with hashbrowns and eggs .
the pulled pork dinner is tasty and very large portion .
everything they serve there is wonderful .
the burrito was n't bad , but was a bit bland .
i love this place !
they were quite disgusting .
food is superb !
love this store .
great dive bar that 's not a faux dive bar .
overall , it was an amazing dinner .
i have been here _num_ or _num_ times and it 's consistently good .
their italian wines are interesting and reasonably priced .
everything about this experience was amazing .
great time here .
regardless , the meal was still quite delicious .
play area was ridiculously hot seems like ac was n't working .
the bar menu is great .
this is a horribly run company and needs changes asap .
she alone is reason enough for me not to return to this location .
this restaurant is actually in a cellar .
the facility itself is a _num_ star , the staff deserve a _num_ .
wow !
highly recommended .
the cocktail that i ordered is sweet , exactly as i want it .
it is that good .
my brother always gets the super bueno burrito .
not only that , a $ _num_ shirt was spotted with grease .
also , their bruschetta was not good at all .
tasted like elementary school food .
skipping it altogether would be my recommendation !
will be going back and definitely recommend .
great food , great prices .
and then it took over _num_ minutes after we ordered the food to arrive .
good food and wait is waaaay better since they expanded awhile back .
decor is very cheap .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .
waiting _num_ minutes ?
he threatened to kick me out for saying order up .
thank you kevin and staff !
i have to agree with everyone the customer service is `` non '' .
i would suggest they remove these off their menu .
but hey , i 'm from ca .
service is very very slow .
the king triple delight was just so-so .
her : twenty eight dollars ( $ _num_ ) .
type of good business .
unbelievable .
next time will try pizza and wine happy hour .
wow , this place is beautiful .
i will definitely come back .
this is the place for you .
monday came and obviously i was never contacted .
i found the service very good despite being busy .
love love grimaldi 's .
not sure i 'd ever really come back .
instead of driving home i decided to wait in my car .
there is so much space and the pools are everywhere .
highly recommended !
a favorite for the price and service .
chances are , anything you order there , will be a surprise .
that 's pretty hard to beat .
good soups , good sandwiches , and a decent salad bar .
thank you for a wonderful stay .
dinner comes with soup and salad .
they tried pushing a $ _num_ car wash on me .
then i realized why people shut their doors !
i was driving by today at lunch and saw the tanning sign .
dirty and low brow ... .
we 'll definitely be going to them in the future .
delicious !
sorry , too late for chips and salsa .
very clean and friendly staff .
i love this place and the quality of work they do for jewelry repair .
very pleased .
east mesa favorite .
just awful customer service .
the cashier also helped carry stuff to my car .
highly recommend !
the service was painfully slow .
pizza kitchen so was n't sure what to expect .
they also have many professional makeup artist available to help you .
if i could give negative stars here , i would !
regular dining menu offers great selections & same wonderful service .
go and have a good time !
good place to go and enjoy a latte or your favorite coffee .
horrible customer service .
my wife and i love this place .
just get the chicken - it 's extremely moist & deliciously simple .
it 's a must do event and i 'm so glad we did it !
terrible .
the owner , mark , is outstanding .
that was the start of the not so good weekend .
if that 's the case , they are wonderful .
the servers are great .
they definitely have a good following and a great business established .
she was so nice and so willing to help .
perfect location right in the mall .
the food was very mediocre - not terrible , but nothing special .
that was outside my budget so i checked with _num_ independent mechanics .
a family favorite of ours is the kona .
well first of all i think people are just not honest .
thanks mike !
they are always polite , fast and the food is enjoyable .
love this place !
fantastic place .
the owner is the designer and they have really cool unique stuff .
they also had no reason on why they did n't contact me .
we will make you feel welcome .
great wine , cool vibe .
the menu is outstanding .
chili powder does not go in thai food .
they are always welcoming and have never pressured me into added service .
i was very excited to stay at the sanctuary , but left very disappointed .
totally inappropriate .
cool little dive bar in old town scottsdale .
great food , fast service .
the service is wonderful .
the service is always horrible and the sandwiches always take forever .
excellent breakfast spot .
i love the free tea and coffee that they always have available downstairs .
the staff was scary friendly and very attentive .
thanks mickey !
superb job and so happy with my car !
the store was very clean and organized .
these guys absolutely rock !
even the photos on their drive thru menu look bland .
the health inspector needs a surprise visit .
clean and friendly !
love the back corner which has some nice to tobacco pipes .
we love this mcdonalds .
the reality is , this is the best hospital experience i 've ever had .
the best chicken and dumplings anywhere - absolutely anywhere !
we shall see you next year !
admittedly , i am in fact angry .
give it a try !
he refused and said the owner does not give any refunds what so ever .
do not get the salad .
she does the best work and is so pleasant and nice .
definitely worth visiting at least once .
i am very disappointed as it is a birthday gift from my husband .
the trains themselves are pretty cool .
amazing !
you 're better off going to the vet down the street .
i lived here for about two years and loved every minute of it !
burn in hell .
she was lost on what to do .
after waiting everything was cold except the grits .
customer service is pretty terrible .
the guy on the phone said the price was $ _num_ .
consistently excellent !
here is where it gets weird .
great little deli !
clean ( for the most part ) and the staff is amazingly attentive .
no bartender .
this place is fantastic !
i would recommend them to anyone .
no extreme stuff .
the place is nice to hang out with friends .
the atmosphere is spectacular .
kind of a dive bar but still totally popular .
no problem right ?
lunch here last week was great !
the place smelled of dogs ( as to be expected ) .
we left there happy , full and so glad we had gone !
orange table is a regular brunch spot for my husband and i .
that 's a good sign knowing that your dog loves it here .
i 'd give it one star , but that just feels mean .
would definitely recommend !
if you love home made mexican food this is the place .
my goodness , was she an unpleasant woman !
children were upset , adults disappointed .
good customer service and very knowledgeable staff .
this place is delicious and the service was quick .
a portion of their delicious wings and a side of spicy french fries .
if i wanted terrible service , i 'd have gone to target .
this truely was one of the worst car washes i paid for .
so good !
thanks !
big mistake .
i really do n't get it .
some of the best seafood in old town .
the veal , chicken and pasta dishes are all amazing .
the food is consistently well made and flavorful .
the vegetables were overcooked and soggy .
his dough was not baked in the middle .
the border bowl is so delicious .
it 's out of our way , but we 'll definitely come back .
one of the great chefs in the valley !
sesame seeds in an italian restaurant ?
highly recommended .
we spent a hilarious evening with bruce s and barbara .
please support this local business .
this will be my new spot for comfort food and good service .
great museum for kids and family 's .
the food was great , service friendly and spot on .
i 've been a aaa customer for _num_ years in multiple states .
interior design is very dated and in need of a complete deep cleaning .
i would n't eat it either if it was all i had .
fast , friendly and best of all quality ingredients and food .
i had them fix it and they apologized with an apple pie .
i was like `` i 'll get by with no problem .
just very marginal in my opinion .
got introduced to indian food here back in _num_ .
whatever u do , do not deal with aaron !
lazy mechanics !
sometimes busy , but food is consistent and always good .
great service !
she also does interior decorating .
the onions were overly sweet like sugar had been added .
when i did see her , she was rude and never smiled .
bob 's takes you back to the place where life was good .
the potato thing was nasty .
the menu is small and limited to very few options .
they have it 's it !
very clean , well stocked and helpful friendly employees .
service was good & food was great .
worst service i 've ever had and the food was just as bad .
it 's a wednesday night and it 's not even half way packed .
not much flavor in the food .
over $ _num_ for _num_ holes is ridiculous .
she did a fantastic job and it was a very reasonable price .
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .
the content itself was from high school , nothing new .
where 's my refund for you getting my order wrong ?
such a shame because they used to do such a fantastic job .
i really liked this gym a lot and will definitely consider becoming a member .
i eat there about every _num_ weeks and the food is always good !
this place is pretty great for kalbi .
save your money , the lunch special bbq pork was terrible .
i enjoy eating here and taking friends .
love them !
this is my favorite place in the scottsdale area hands down .
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .
dr k is the best !
the service was polite and attentive .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .
so far all the food has been great .
it was definitely crowded so we were lucky to find two seats together .
thank you , palm glen animal hospital .
suggest if this is the best they can do , _num_ the salad .
we enjoy our occasional lunch here with friends .
probably wo n't go back .
i love this place .
they have amazing sandwiches that are great and delicious .
things are done on date they promise it also .
the was a great way to finish off a delicious dinner .
i would recommend both young and old visiting this post .
love this place !
let me just say , money is not the issue here .
prices are very reasonable , work is excellent .
the crust had much to be desired for a few reasons .
always a great meal .
no call .
ca n't u see there 's no drinks on our table ?
kim was amazing very professional .
his staff are excellent , friendly and very accommodating .
not great .
we got an orange soda , cherry pepsi and a kid pepsi .
the staff is wonderful .
i ca n't believe they are still in business .
it is the best in the valley as far as i am concerned .
great prices !
then i made the hike to my room which was incredibly disappointing .
they are the most moist , soft , delicious things in the world .
not going back .
so the sushi is great and the drinks ok but lovely and fantastic service .
not a free drink , discount , etc .
they have everything but no good sales going on when i was there .
no ordering a rusty nail to go with those awesome mushrooms .
but the service was pretty rough .
greg and josh are first class all the way !
mickey is the man !
they are fast , friendly and above all , ethical .
menu has a wide selection .
the food here was way too salty and bland .
two stories down , you enter a cozy space .
service was great and awesome music !
the ribs were high quality but the sauce was not spicy .
delicious !
i 'm a fan !
the bartenders were cute .
this location is closed and probably will be forever .
great service .
disappointed does n't even begin to cut it .
subway gets an extra star because i hate her so much .
their sushi is decent and well priced for what you get .
i was second hand embarrassed for this restaurant .
price is very reasonable .
the kind of relaxed night that is looking for .
wo n't be back .
the chicken is surprising better then other kfc .
best mexican food in the valley imo .
i had tomatoes and really enjoyed their caprese salad .
i just love her !
plates are smaller but it is worth it .
the owners are quite friendly .
we will definitely be staying at this hotel again .
absolutely incompetent employees and management .
this place was not prepared for a party of five and up .
this location was good .
grimaldi 's is definitely a solid option for pizza in the valley .
sushi sucked .
you wo n't regret it .
management is useless and rude .
amazing appetizers too ... and the price oh the price !
such a great place .
one of my friend 's super cute finds in the heart of downtown mesa !
the food is good for what you would expect .
the total for that nonsense was _num_ .
do n't fall for the lies .
the hamburger was over cooked and the fries to salty to eat .
she is one reason why i no longer purchase items in this store .
server did n't seem well groomed and needed to brush his teeth .
prices are decent and location in old town scottsdale ca n't be beat .
i admit , the patio looked nice and the cushions were comfortable .
rob , roger and roman have always been friendly and eager to help .
do n't let these people walk all over you because of their mistakes !
todd was our spectacular waiter and had everything we ordered come out to perfection .
lots of options more than just simple smoothies .
the staff is very friendly here .
the dentist steven is very nice .
i ate half of `` the top hat '' .
this is another one !
garlic pizza was okay .
i love the layout .
avoid jade room _num_ or go when it 's not summer !
a nice mixed crowd of happy diners .
it really was horrible .
sorry we wo n't be back .
nice staff , fun neighbors .
their broccoli w/ oyster sauce is good to .
she was also very polite and had a very upbeat attitude !
he was very friendly , knowledgeable and prompt .
iceberg lettuce topped with about a pound of blue cheese dressing .
the fish was not fresh and the mix of flavors were weird .
staff super nice , concierge really helpful !
found this salon from its previous reviews .
customer service is what is lacking though , hence the two stars .
a decent and reliable place for consistently at least decent pizza and other items .
first off this restaurant is dirty .
the restaurant was not very clean either .
bread was great .
best lasagna ever !
which makes me sad .
the side dishes are generous in their proportions .
however , on a recent visit i was a little disappointed .
i love that they are so easy going !
it has definitely gone downhill in that time .
my mom explained , once again , they were not a party .
i did n't eat more than three bites of the rice .
however , it seems to be more profit driven than service driven .
the facility is clean and welcoming .
it was great .
my sister took her honda in and was also very happy .
very fast service .
wonderful service .
food : bland , nowhere near authentic .
the asian fusion of traditional calamari was excellent .
not tons more , but what they have is really tasty .
very professional and go through all the detail with you .
thumbs down .
nothing special .
sandy finally called me back after _num_ voice mail messages and my previous review .
whoever thought up this event gets no stars , in my opinion .
needless to say we did n't order dessert .
our waitress was very professional and served us well .
i have been happy every single time i 've gone .
oh so good .
wednesday around _num_ pm .
thanks !
highly recommend !
above and beyond service !
excellent family place .
wow , this was my first car wash and such a bad experience .
i ventured off the menu this weekend and order some eggs and pancakes .
definitely not a place to stay with the amount i paid .
the ambiance is very authentic , too bad the food was so disappointing .
we were greeted quickly and sat at a booth .
my girl friends steak and crab legs were bad as well .
chips and salsa are so good !
if i could rate this location less than one star , i would .
and there was no egg rolls or crab puffs !
_num_ star all the way .
i could n't possibly look more beautiful on my special day .
their seasonal pumpkin pie shake is quite tasty !
good value and pleasant experience .
i will not be doing business with this location again !
& she asked some questions , while being friendly & honest .
great value .
i highly recommend prestige !
great place .
we always enjoy our visit to cowboy ciao .
quiet , convenient , clean , close to restaurants and a wine bar .
i called tire pros back and told them what i found .
the crust is crunchy and bubbly !
let 's begin with the positives .
we love the take out !
hallways elevators filthy from construction work .
thank you .
but no .
the outside of this place looks really nice and the inside too .
assistance is not what i got .
yeah they 're on the pricier side , but definitely worth it !
we waited over _num_ hrs for our food and never came .
cute cafe with well prepared plates .
service is great !
i brushed it off as the lighting and went home .
sorry guys , that does n't cut it .
he is a gorgeous tuxedo cat and very friendly !
please check this place out .
the food is nothing special and the prices average .
you can do so much better for less than what they charge .
the staff is friendly , and the parking lot is large .
the staff and the service was exceptional !
very nice restaurant and reasonably priced !
yes it is that good .
there is not such thing as elite service .
what a waste of a cool building .
food is consistently _num_ 1/2 star quality , as is the wine list .
i really like smart and final .
exceptional .
a vegetarian haven , it was .
china wok ... you 're like a good friend i can always count on !
very nice staff .
have complained to the mgr before .
easier to dump the out of towners than honor their reservations .
one of the hashbrowns was forgotten .
we had ordered and the food came out very fast and everything tasted great .
i do n't understand why everyone likes this place so much .
whatever needs to be said can be in an email or message .
where did this tomato come from , south america ?
this is the best pizza i have had in arizona .
visit again with my family .
wo n't be back .
good pizza .
the service was mediocre at best .
) , but the food was a complete bust .
our entire meal was so delicious .
the food is amazing and the staff is so pleasant !
the salad bar is fun and unique .
i do n't normally write bad reviews , but this place deserves one .
i wo n't be back .
clean and comfortable .
it was tasty and their red sauce is a winner as well .
i would recommend her to anyone !
great birthday experience !
my version of arizona does n't include this style .
i 'm in love with this bar .
yesterday was especially bad .
very disappointed by that .
when they are open , they are tremendous !
i stopped in for lunch .
i highly recommend him if you 're having any issues whatsoever with your feet .
bland , boring and pathetic toppings .
plus lets not forget the $ _num_ for one meatball .
a great place to experience some unique and innovative dishes .
the fresh baked bread is soooo good .
small selection of toys and other accessories .
terrible spices .
totally ripped off for $ _num_ and one plate of food was inedible .
the volunteers at scottsdale stadium are very friendly and helpful .
supposed to be _num_ minutes long and she ended _num_ minutes early .
there desserts are all amazing .
the keg is a great spot to have a nice dinner .
the people there were nice accept my waitress .
definitely will be back .
wonderful service !
first they bring you garlic bread that is delish !
hear gun shots at night while trying to sleep thats not normal .
the tortillas they come on are gross .
terrible !
scottsdale stadium is a great place to catch a spring training game !
they were quick with my concerns and always encouraged me .
easter day nothing open , heard about this place figured it would ok .
great neighborhood gem .
i go mainly for the wings but the appetizers are also great .
they do have the best chipotle ranch ever !
food is fantastic and i do n't say that lightly .
dr rick and the staff are wonderful .
highly recommend it .
best italian i 've ever had .
both were good .
wish there was a tailor this great in houston !
go and get a seat outside !
what a great little quaint place .
the food has always been good and the drinks .
the food is good , the appetizers are well priced during happy hour .
is n't that why you have free drink coupons ?
from now on i will specifically ask that they cook it fresh .
very fresh .
poor service and false advertisement .
the quality is good and everyone there was helpful in picking out frames .
this is my favorite bagel place in the valley ( not just mesa ) .
love the fries and the environment is very welcoming .
great service for the most part , the staff is very friendly and welcoming .
i left the store and went straight to another nail salon .
well , yesterday 's meal was awesome !
king gyros is just , perfect .
be prepared for a good wait time around lunch .
i also love their focaccia sandwiches , wings , and chicken fingers .
i love their happy hour .
i will definitely return to buy more .
the food was awful - i can make a better steak at home .
so great !
i 've never liked going here , pretty terrible food and service .
so ... good job !
talk about saving time !
the presentation was awful and the dish looked washed out and very bad .
amazing .
that sweet little angel of a waitress made my day !
really pleasant and fast service .
nice facilities and only 30+ rooms made for a unique top-notch location .
the best korean bbq in the east valley .
i 'm sorry , i really wanted to like this place .
the food is pretty good too ... not the best.
friendly staff .
okay , so normally i like courtyard hotels a lot !
a great spot after work or even during work !
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
we 'll definitely return .
terrible everything .
avoid .
the pizza here is horrible .
i ordered an artichoke and spinach dip and guinness wings .
this is my favorite resort hands down !
really disappointed .
love suzanne and her staff .
so glad they got rid of the unfriendly girls !
however tonight was a different experience .
i 'm done with rosa 's .
love the staff especially the owner .
excellent quality with excellent professionalism .
the place it self is ok but she is just terrible person .
very poor course for the price .
very friendly atmosphere and the staff are courteous and helpful .
for two of us the total was $ _num_ .
so , sadly , i give the library _num_ star .
the service is incredibly rude and unprofessional .
she was very rude .
safe to say that i enjoy going to the dentist !
definitely coming here again !
that day was very windy and cold .
not a big fan .
interesting little museum .
i was so excited to try this place after many people recommend this place .
it wasnt busy so i dont get why they had any dirty tables !
however , recently it is much improved .
there was no ginger taste and it was super salty .
the food and sangria were amazing .
the service was quite bad also .
service is always perfect .
the owner and staff were great .
all three times was bad .
it was a great experience from making my appointment to payment .
waiters are also really nice and work hard for their tips !
the grounds are absolutely immaculate !
a bit of a drive for me but totally worth it .
service was great , and their waiting timer is a cute slice of pizza .
no excuse for this .
i signed the voucher for $ _num_ for _num_ tickets `` on sale '' .
i waited about _num_ or _num_ minutes and he never returned .
he used an old school straight razor and did an amazing job !
we had an excellent experience !
he is not professional at all , his services sucks .
had my boyfriend 's birthday dinner here and they went above and beyond .
newly built store has that 50s theme which adds a great taste to it .
i 'm giving this place _num_ stars because of the value .
our server anthony was great .
very disappointing .
loved this place !
osso bucco is great .
first off , it is a hike to get to your room .
some compassion would have been appreciated .
the humus was very light , creamy , and delicious .
i have to say this restaurant is the best one in phoenix area .
staff is prompt , friendly and helpful .
best facials ever .
my new spot !
the place has really gone down in cleanliness .
mediocre overpriced thai !
ca n't express enough how much i appreciate their honesty and speed !
there is nobody to take my call ?
coke was out , ice ran out , cups ran out .
i am truly embarrassed and disappointed .
i ca n't imagine a more amazing night !
also , the owner was really , really rude and unfriendly .
very , very good .
this place is always dead .
well , your state .
the food is still amazing .
good food and great happy hour deals .
this place is me and my girlfriends go to spot for sundaes of sunday !
really good pizza !
this place has really taken a turn in the worst direction .
wide variety and quick service .
i did a random search while on the road and found this gem .
thanks austin !
i dont think i will go back .
cheap lunch but the food was pretty bad .
i definitely would recommend this place to all .
the owner is honest and runs his business with integrity .
the drinks were on point and the atmosphere was warm and inviting .
solid .
we thought we would try the chef 's tasting menu and it was delicious .
my advise your better off going to dennys .
furthermore , the mac and cheese was really not good either .
was a fun place to try .
it was like a home cooked meal and very simple and fresh .
they took my name and number instead and promised to get back to me .
he is a miracle man with absolutely great advice .
does it get any better ?
unlimited garlic bread ... ok.
very disappointed !
that 's a nice touch .
management seemed great and the bathrooms clean .
this is not a good price .
i always have a good time here .
excellent service !
the staff is friendly .
great food !
i ordered the meat ravioli and spaghetti with meatballs .
first , why do you need to get him .
my husband and i celebrated our _num_ year wedding anniversary here .
it can get really packed on weekends .
loved it !
service was great .
i was like , what 's going on ?
the only saving grace was the black beans .
i hate this place .
a huge thank you to them .
awesome awesome awesome !
a very popular place .
i highly recommend this dentist .
clean establishment , with great customer service .
they are decently priced and have a nice helpful staff .
it 's been ages since i 've been to a bahama bucks !
the atmosphere is stylish and welcoming .
waited _num_ minutes and left .
these guys are great !
what we received should not be called mexican food .
thanks .
it 's recently been renovated , it 's clean and comfortable .
both were excellent .
she told me `` umm , probably $ _num_ . ''
i 'd recommend using them if you 're interested in any of their services .
nothing special .
highly recommend this office to anyone .
we left full and happy and will be back for sure .
very clean .
the staff was friendly and there are interesting decorations on display .
i will not recommend this place because of the lack of care .
i 'd highly recommend .
best put , she gets it .
there was only meat and bread .
definitely recommend if you are in town !
nice breakfast brunch place .
the food is mediocre at best .
will recommend to anyone needing service !
this was one of the worst restaurants i have ever eaten at ... .
no !
everything was absolutely delicious !
courteous and accommodating this is the way it is done people .
they are helpful , respectful , honest and fair .
$ _num_ for a tall glass of draft beer .
highly recommend !
chips and salsa are super good too .
it 's as good as it gets in the desert .
we love everything from here .
bagels are good but service is terrible .
the bartender , i think his name was louie , was very friendly .
what a waste of time .
it is a very clean place .
great spot for breakfast in old town scottsdale ... .
i couldnt take it , no going back for me .
great views as well .
the waitress was pleasant and friendly enough .
next i had my gel manicure .
the bathroom is clean and nice and so is the rest of the store !
their homemade tortillas , which they sell , are fantastic !
service in particular was excellent .
i had the prime rib , which was cooked to a perfect medium rare .
the office is very clean .
the food and the atmosphere is amazing and laid back .
amazing experience !
but they were n't nice rooms .
it is quiet and the staff is amazing .
this place reminds me of home !
i would recommend india oven ( gilbert rd and southern ) .
love it .
zero stars .
left stuff out of the bag that they charged me for .
i want to say thank you to the staff !
look at my previous reviews of other dos and i am typically very fair .
jesse is amazing !
i will not be going back and i do n't recommend .
nice people .
i found a dress that i absolutely love and ca n't stop thinking about !
i got the spicy salmon bowl and boy , it was delicious .
for that price i was quite disappointed .
_num_ ) the views are amazing at sunset !
it is not .
suck a dick julio 's too .
what an amazing property !
the food came out fast did the customer service was excellent !
avoid at all costs .
sunset is dynamite , but not so much the food !
i think this is the step between taco time and an authentic mexican restaurant .
and they only wore them for pictures and a start clinic .
reliable , honest , skilled and personable .
i highly recommend them .
nice , calm atmosphere .
yeah ... no .
the garlic bread was perfect .
warm greeting .
the staff was also very friendly and attentive .
highly recommend .
food server was very pleasant and always had a nice smile .
i have nearly _num_ years of customer service .
she said she was off the next day .
even worse ?
i checked this place out from former reviews which all seemed very good .
horrible everything .
they feature a different special each weekend , and i have tried several .
celebrity skin is amazing !
i love their caprese crisp , the citrus salad , and the pizzas .
the gentleman , who helped us , was friendly .
my husband ordered a vegetable stir fry .
always a treat !
he was informative and engaging .
i would recommend this company highly !
i woke up from my injury face down on my bed .
everything on the menu was outstanding .
at least , thats what i had been taught throughout my educational career .
the potatoes are crisp on the outside and soft inside ... yum !
best place in downtown scottsdale for breakfast .
great authentic italian food .
cool local spot .
i went back _num_ times after that and was given different excuses each time .
also very good .
the food is great .
chimis are awesome here .
great place !
all great quality papers ... all at totally competitive prices .
you cook the bbq by yourself which is what i love .
by far the best greek family in town and best greek food .
worst meal ever .
the man in charge said they normally wo n't replace scratched tint .
baked potato and mixed vegetables as a side , again - unimpressive .
they would n't even comp our room !
i was extremely disappointed .
the `` meet the meat '' is amazing !
i visited this place years ago with a friend .
the salmon was prepared perfectly .
we took friends during restaurant week and the food was outstanding .
waited _num_ minutes until anyone even greeted our table .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .
great service !
i love this place .
best place in south scottsdale to drink and be merry .
the outside seating is very cool with waterfall and river features .
our server , austin was top notch .
next , a server comes up to use the credit card machine .
great service , i mean really truly attentive service .
has _num_ dusty old tv 's outside .
might return , but i doubt it .
we 've used this clinic for about _num_ years with _num_ dogs .
highly recommend this place !
that 's not good .
will definitely be back .
at that point we left and will not be back .
great place to go in old town scottsdale .
good hollandaise too .
food and service is always great .
i wish yelp would have a spot for no stars .
will happily go back .
went here as i was in a rush .
very lovely place to have dinner on a special occasion .
worst customer service ever for a corporate company .
there is great live music here and it 's a good setup .
my boyfriend and i went for date night .
i would definitely recommend this restaurant and their delicious food .
this amazing hidden gem is all that and more !
solid sports bar in old town .
everything , including their chips and salsa , are made in house .
if you want to sleep it 's a problem .
the food is great !
put your money back into your own local community .
if you like beer this is the place for you .
delicious chinese food , convenient , inexpensive and take-out is always a snap .
it was probably dangerous .
they always go above and beyond with my car .
great job !
so very cool having a coffee shop at a gas station .
i am a fan !
fresh ingredients , an outstanding menu and authentic charm make this a local favorite .
others are $ _num_ off .
everything i 've had is great so far .
ra does n't serve sushi .
i will definitely go there more often .
the eggs are good , bacon is great and fresh squeezed juices rock !
one came with mushrooms ( soggy ) the other none .
the sugar bowl is a scottsdale institution .
by the time the tortillas arrived , my food was cold .
fresh and piping hot .
not my thing .
so quaint and great food .
randy is easy to work with and we refer everyone to him .
amazing beers on tap .
thank you vito 's , our new favorite restaurant .
the place was pretty full and we decided to try it .
sooooooooo cute !
awful service , mediocre food , and overpriced .
a must see !
great drinks tiki style !
wife got the salmon and was very pleased .
even still , i was n't really interested at that price .
it 's a must try if you enjoy pizza !
they were very cordial and willing to help .
the salsa here is awesome !
interior is also pretty tiny , so do n't expect to eat inside .
love the area and historic building it was in .
they just lost _num_ customers but i 'm quite sure they do n't care .
if i could give this place zero stars i would !
bad food ... bad customer service .
as good as it gets is right zizzo 's is amazing .
it is the perfect blend of sweet and spicy !
so watered down you would n't need s water with your food .
love love love this place .
went to santisi brothers for the super bowl , it was great !
they give you enough for an army .
about two bites in he received his chicken meal .
so let me get on to the dish i had .
average service would have made this review _num_ starts , .
will keep you posted !
great wine and desert selections , especially the roulette .
thank you carol and team for exceeding our expectations !
sure , but we 're not .
certainly not worth over $ _num_ for two sausage , egg and cheeses .
i will shop here again and recommend others here .
very good service , nice hot bread , and a great wine selection .
everyone was so sweet , caring and loving .
yes , very fishy .
the last french dip i got was pathetic with small portion of beef .
great ambiance !
this is so sad .
the fresh bread in the market next door is also great .
highly recommend .
gross .
sitting here waiting for our food .
one of my least favorite comedy clubs for this reason .
they are all very nice .
ben and the staff at sun devil are fantastic !
everything on the menu taste bland .
i wish there was a negative button .
she does n't belong in the service industry !
good food and surrounded by sports memorabilia .
they absolutely can not go on like this .
i would have died if one of my associates treated someone this poorly .
she came over and was rude from the start .
we thought this place was great .
she was sweet and welcoming !
the hygienist was horrible !
amazing !
they were so rude and i was so appalled at this kind of service .
sick service , if you want to waste your time come here .
best kabobs on planet phoenix !
great recommendations !
not for everyone .
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .
woman at the counter : `` that 'll be $ _num_ per cut . ''
to someone who wants quality service and also a personal experience .
wow !
but then , we get home & i start eating my food .
i will definitly bring my mom here when she visits in the spring .
dress ruined !
this piece of cardboard was n't worth more than $ _num_ .
pizza dough was gross , soggy , not done well .
highly recommended .
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .
do n't nickel and dime your paying customer .
by far one of my favorite places to go .
then a true miracle happened .
this specific pep boys location meets all of those standards .
the food and wine are excellent and there are many options for both .
the food is fresh with great taste and large portions .
definitely a fan !
they are professionals , confirmed the appointment , and were respectful of our home .
the manager did n't quite seem to feel too bad about what happened .
the personal size is huge enough to feed two .
oh well , she said it was delicious .
i wish it was pickled just a little longer .
i had a fantastic manicure from olga .
the food here is delicious .
another customer arrived before me & another right behind me .
our server steve was spot on .
but that 's just it - it did n't blow me away .
definately worth the extra cost to save time from running from place to place .
for both the staff were nice but again service will vary .
it was excellent !
could n't even do her own job .
will defiantly keep this in mind when i 'm in need of new tires !
i 've been doing hair for _num_ years and they are the best !
yummy yummy for my tummy !
the staff was nice .
very disappointed in food and margaritas .
highly recommended !
the kids had fun so we will go back .
we left our phone number for nathan , the manager , to call us .
... and then they still do n't get it right ?
otherwise , quite fun !
the service is also extremely fast and very friendly .
big mistake .
general tso 's chicken is great !
great pools , great staff , great restaurants , beautiful grounds .
so , instead of saturday , i could take it home on sunday .
ambience is amazing , food & drinks great .
very friendly and efficient .
best place to spend your birthday with such a great ambience and food !
wonderful service and the best chinese food in the valley .
awesome dinner , be ready for a good kick !
oh , i should not have asked .
when i corrected him he ignored me .
great selection on about _num_ taps .
disappointing .
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .
- got it !
priceless .
it was n't working correctly and would n't let me enter my cc info .
we both has sandwiches which were decent , nothing outstanding .
this was another $ _num_ to replace .
which were these mocha pie things , and were insanely delicious .
if i could give them a zero i would .
amazing food .
i had their chianti with dinner and thought it to be superb .
later that day i sent in a money order .
great food at great prices .
her prices are reasonable , and her work is excellent !
then i had to wait in line _num_ minutes again just to pay .
be prepared to be totally satisfied !
i would recommend her to anyone !
is that even meat in the _num_ cent tacos ?
the pizza we had at grimaldi 's was really good .
ny giants meet up place to watch games during football season .
this place has done it right !
solid _num_ stars !
seriously , avoid talking to staff here !
employees ca n't get the order right and they ruined the tempe location .
the chicken was great and the service was fast .
bad experience .
i love the outdoor seating .
service is reasonable and the staff are very friendly .
the decor is definitely vintage gone bad !
very vegas like !
she always remembers our favorites .
this is certainly my favorite place in the valley to get good thai food !
i like their web site , and claims of quality , and pricing .
sorry ( this ) sonic , but i 've experienced better .
i 'd rather drive _num_ miles to southern and mill for venezia 's pizza .
loved this place .
they 're bad !
another disappointment .
their soups are great .
spent over $ _num_ to get him well .
my drinks have consistently been made correctly and they have great customer service .
this place is as good as it gets .
i ended up with food poisoning and missed work and vacation .
nope , not so much .
this place was great !
very surprising interior based on the exterior .
i took my niece here for a pretty bad experience .
what a beautiful facility .
but that 's not all to a good margarita .
will be coming back often for , hopefully , many years to come .
do n't bother with this place for karaoke .
stars _num_ and _num_ : how was the food ?
this place is not good .
rude .
_num_ dollar hot and ready pizzas are such a great deal .
rude .
and the karaoke is terrible .
it was delicious .
even the district manager would n't return my call about terrible service .
great dinner last night .
staff is very friendly and prices are defiantly the lowest .
i promise you wo n't be disappointed !
i gave them several chances to improve and they never did .
seriously the best pizza i have ever had .
homemade tortillas were a huge hit with our table !
their beers ... still good .
otherwise great place .
yes , this is one of the many reasons i love couch house .
they give the client confidence , and they make me look good .
the service was good .
pampering day with my sister was a success .
the delivery guys were very good as well and were very professional .
the end of our two hours comes and we get brought the bill .
_num_ sides were also excellent .
i would n't go back .
a shame too because it 's so close to the house .
there are far too many other great restaurants for me to bother coming back .
to top it off , the service was bad .
the staff is very helpful and friendly .
i arrived on friday shortly before 2pm and wanted to check in early .
good stuff all around .
so glad i found it .
good specialty rolls .
the guacamole is amazing .
maybe this whole `` white upper class '' dining experience is n't for me .
i was also disappointed that they did n't provide a microwave and fridge .
seriously tasty pizza and wings .
the best bar in scottsdale .
the worst service ever .
had such a ridiculous experience this evening , all we could do was laugh .
we had a wonderful meal and a great evening .
wow !
i 'm sorry , what ?
the plates for two are amazing .
stay in line and get something , .
can you veal the love in the air ?
the bass was nicely blackened , the shrimp flavorful .
so been living here a month and so far so good .
this is not a place i would recommend .
simply the best trailer service shop i 've ever run into .
poor communication .
best mexican food we 've had in years !
the cashiers are fast and friendly .
i was never too uncomfortable and the experience was impressive .
their patio is amazing though !
shame on you camping world !
sally our server was excellent .
this is one of the greatest values left in america .
this place is a real gem .
never in my life have i seen a line for a wave pool .
i 'm truly disgusted by her bad attitude .
was a delight .
i looked around and there were still customers .
to top off the nite , hubby needed to use the restroom .
we have always been happy with the service .
at $ _num_ , i had expected more .
we walked out and will never be back again .
all of the handmade tamales are fantastic as is the ceviche .
emily is passionate , patient , and knowledgable .
always a welcome face there .
every time since had been terrible .
avoid .
great specials and apps .
they make their own bread and have a good selection of boars head meat .
i 've given it many chances and each time they get my order wrong .
my chicken marsala was alright , but still stingy , even with the sauce .
waited ... pull up again nothing !
the staff here is incredible , and they are so good at their craft !
while busy with a number of groups , the service was amazing .
its so good .
i get the like it sized cones and create your own bowls .
great office .
thank goodness for brooke at the brow lady !
service was also good .
pretty good library overall .
the tour was so beautiful and the customer service was great !
fantastic grass fed sirloin made for a killer dinner for us .
service was efficient and friendly , which i appreciated with the large group .
terrible terrible service given the prices .
happy hour changes by day , but it 's everyday !
erica is awesome !
walked into just see what they offered .
easily the worst sonic i 've been to .
i always get good honest service here .
food was so excellent !
thank you canine preferred !
they also allow people in late , which is a big theater no no .
terrible management .
it is rather expensive , but well worth it .
it 's truly a great place and definitely worth a stop by .
this message is to warning everybody who go here !
the place is well organized by style and the prices are pretty reasonable .
shortly after that , all of the employees came pouring out of the kitchen .
he is a master stylist !
such a positive , caring and professional atmosphere !
my problem with this place is their billing practices .
definitely try the hummus , as it is consistently delicious .
the airport shuttle was very useful as well .
this place is worth trying just to read the unique food selection the menu .
get a job washing dishes at a restaurant or bakery if you have to .
they are going to look for an excuse to keep your money .
love this place !
their dynamite dish is excellent !
all the staff is extremely professional and very friendly !
great blend of spices .
they also use the best cheese and the cheese crisps are a must .
thank you roberts catering !
i unfortunately will not be back due to this experience .
( do n't worry , i will not be back . )
i would not recommend grandma 's kitchen to people with young children .
we lucked out and were able to check out their happy hour .
will definitely be back next year when i return to az !
wonderful experience .
yes , $ _num_ for a bad meal .
whatever the girls were talking about was apparently more important than the customers .
they serve sweet corn chicken soup -- a family favorite .
the golden wings are awesome !
my meal was fantastic and a perfect ending to my trip to arizona .
the kids love the food too !
my husband 's review is excellent show .
the steak and lamb were excellent and reasonably priced at less than $ _num_ .
if you make an error , you do n't argue with your customer .
jumping forward , the bagels are really , really boring .
selection is good and the store is well organized and stocked .
( brave me ! )
food is delicious .
the quality was fantastic .
very reasonable , good people !
our meals , however , were very lame .
thank you !
these guys are solid .
i highly recommend this local establishment for any looking for authentic italian cuisine .
they have an excellent happy hour as well .
charlie was our server , she is outstanding !
love the pasta .
i highly recommend them .
the food was pretty gross .
i 've only had the thin crust , but it is excellent .
i do n't like being felt up .
kim takes care of me and is very kind and thorough .
got ta love the wings !
bummed that this place sucked so bad !
this was not the case .
grab a beer and enjoy the people around you !
sadly disappointed .
no courtesy words , have to beg to get the table wiped off .
not terrible , but not good either .
the vip bathrooms are pretty tremendous as well .
omg it was amazing .
highly recommended !
everything is cooked perfectly , and it comes out fast .
great team !
do not have your eyebrows waxed at this establishment .
one of the best mexican joints i have ever been to !
thank you barry you rock !
the atmosphere was great and clean ( including a nice clean restroom ) .
the selection of sushi is disgusting .
and even then it would be subpar .
the worst burger king i ever been to !
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .
awesome support of local music !
never going back .
it was a bit expensive , but it was worth it .
you found it .
always an awesome experience ordering from this location .
something must have died , it was terrible .
the lady giving me my pedicure cut me twice !
there are terrific private room options for special occasions .
right now i 'm very annoyed .
thank for the awesome service !
it 's good to know that you can still get awesome food till 2am .
the service was prompt and friendly .
they always hook us up with a pretty unique deserts .
this animal hospital is just terrible .
so very good !
this is a nice modern store , clean and well organized .
terrible food , terrible service and a depressing place to be .
food and ambiance was fantastic .
these people are the worst .
the best seafood restaurant ever !
over horrible experience .
they got me in pretty quickly and nice waiting area .
food is delicious and reasonably priced .
they are very honest , have never given me any outrageous quotes .
my waiter is the only reason im giving _num_ stars .
very impressed by their professionalism and overall knowledge .
altogether the bill was $ _num_ .
still a shrimp novice , i had no clue .
i love ruth chris steak house .
great neighborhood chinese place : check it out !
i ca n't explain what has happened , but it truly is sad .
the experience was magnificent !
would never use again .
excellent dinner , great wine recommendation .
ugh .
horrible place !
so cool looking .
management is friendly and always remember our names .
breakfast overlooking the swimming pools makes for a great way to start any day .
the change machine was out of quarters .
good ice-cream poor service .
their patio is awesome , very soothing atmosphere with a nice waterfall .
totally disappointed .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
i like that i can take my whole family and children as well .
i wo n't be back .
this facility is _num_ star for sure .
great seafood .
and whenever i have gone i have had unfriendly and uncaring servers .
the place is very comfortable and the food is great .
we will definitely be back !
always good .
we had to request menus after having waited for approximately _num_ minutes .
then getting a refund is another problem .
this place is not clean and no one cares apparently .
great venue .
our server was good .
he is not very customer friendly at all !
thanks goes out to you all .
small home store selection is a great add .
wonderful food , classes that are a delight .
the bed sucked .
the food is so incredibly good .
happy hour , lunch or dinner are all good .
the place was busy but service was excellent .
his prices are good compared to the other places .
-they did n't toast my bagel and it made me cry .
the crab rangoons were nothing special .
it was very convenient and friendly staff .
nothing special .
love the new showroom !
the food is really good .
from phx it is kind of a hike , but totally worth it !
much better than the tempe improv .
thorough and helpful .
great food .
it is like an irish tgi fridays .
great food , wonderful atmosphere .
i put the wrong zip code .
impeccable customer service , beautiful grounds and well maintained .
beyond that the cloth washer is filthy and dryer does n't work very well .
i took a sip and it was pretty gross - way too much syrup !
what did matter is the fact our air conditioning does n't work .
i 'm still kind of confused about how i feel about this place .
the alfredo was deliciously creamy , not bland like so many other places .
excellent , a neighborhood jewel with perhaps the best steak in mesa !
the calamari appetizer was the best we have ever had .
spending over $ _num_ , we expected higher quality food .
long black hair baked carefully in the center of the pie !
do n't bother coming here .
although the drinks get made , the service is terrible .
schnitzel was as tough as leather .
everything tasted fresh and just the right portion .
will definitely come back .
sadly , i can not recommend this place .
the cornbread is the best ever !
i completely recommend this restaurant .
my god , it was so delicious !
i have had no problems with the friendliness of the staff .
probably one of the best pizzas i have ever had .
please do not waste your time or money .
chicken was dry , beans were flavorless , as was the rice .
the fastest service ever !
no wonder the employees are rude .
they are usually very friendly and the restaurant is a very nice environment .
they were wonderful i would recommend them to everyone !
do yourself a favor and do n't fall for it .
mary carmen german is the stylist to book with !
fresh ingredients and perfectly cooked .
best resort in the phoenix metro area .
when they say a small serves 2-3 , that 's 2-3 lunch sized portions .
i would recommend dc animal hospital to everyone .
probably the best coffee they make .
there was no apology .
waitstaff was attentive and efficient .
the receptionist could n't give me a reason for the delay ?
sarah jane is amazing and i recommend you go and see her today !
it tasted like _num_ oz .
they serve a unique sandwich that i enjoyed very much .
unfortunately , they have issues with their laundry .
consistent , high quality , clean , and great service .
it was very dry .
i do n't believe it .
very friendly owners .
wine was good also .
very tender , moist and flavorful .
it was beautiful and held on to its needles much longer than we expected .
the halibut special that my mom had was also wonderful .
the meatball sub was n't anything special to me either .
i loved this place then , and i love it still _num_ years later .
sorry just think this is weird and unprofessional .
deep fried tacos !
my 8th day at this place , three more to go .
great place during spring training .
they were the worst ribs i have ever had !
thanks cody .
they screwed up our order and brought out the wrong thing .
the caprese salad was pretty good .
slimy mayo covers the lettuce and tomato .
the wright house has soooo much potential , but they fail big time .
and i got nothing for the $ _num_ coupon for the crappy service .
great food , great deli , and great service .
particularly since the place was relatively empty .
_num_ - _num_ minutes i can understand , _num_ minutes , not really .
come on , mr. hunan , this is the southwest !
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .
i love their all you can eat shrimp and the lobster and crab !
she calls back _num_ mins later and tells me his blood work looks great .
pushing _num_ 's door down .
i 'd recommend checking this place out if you 're in the area .
an extra is a free entree after every six visits .
i would n't come back again .
see you next time !
like the lighting and feel of this place at night .
space is beautiful , of course .
in my opinion , they are best known for their deserts .
i would highly recommend this salon .
we had few different options and all were fantastic .
i spoke to the manager about our experience and he clearly did not care .
this is my kind of place !
even their bar food misses the mark .
even the manager could n't help us with better service .
best part of this place , it 's cage free !
amanda in the restuarant was very sweet and quick on the refills .
it was a nice date night .
this place is absolutely amazing !
wow !
great food , friendly service would return !
the service was super fast .
the prices are great , if you know how to pack your bowl !
slow service and occasionally rude people working .
just a mess .
at least they gave me a laugh .
fast , friendly and had what i needed at a good price !
usually great but tonight the service was horrible .
the dressing was not very good either .
i really enjoy coming to this place .
the best onion rings .
we visited here for lunch and were somewhat disappointed .
it was nasty .
the staff is knowledgeable and friendly .
the employees are all exceptionally friendly and appear to appreciate my business .
always great service !
fresh baked bread made close to our table .
everything is always great , the food is amazing .
nice service save .
meat was dry and the tortillas tasted as if they were several days old .
very disappointed .
no easy button for you ... staples !
the drive is long but it 's worth it .
about _num_ minutes goes by and she comes out with our pizza .
they are the best !
excellent service , great atmosphere .
needless to say , i have never returned to a zipps and never will .
i went in and sat at the bar , dirty tables all around me .
not satisfied at all .
i know the owners the and they are very friendly to everyone .
the food has always lived up to my expectations for good wholesome mexican food .
i have to say , i was pleased with my experience !
i love this restaurant !
we ordered the pulled pork tacos ( delicious ! )
great food , great staff .
i had the cod , rice , asparagus and such a wonderful combination .
nothing special , nothing to go out of your way for .
cockroaches and super old and gross .
canine preferred took great care of my pup .
honey mustard was surprisingly bland .
i love places that have their own beer but also have other beer .
they provide great customer service .
classic italian food and decent craft beer selection .
you really do feel like you 're in mexico !
bad start .
it was fine .
they did a great job with food , and service .
it was nothing special .
the food was pretty good and the prices were reasonable .
the big , party pizza was the best !
this place is horrible and i will never recommended them or use then again .
had n't been here in awhile , sure was a great family birthday dinner !
i do n't even want to give this dump the one star !
gag .
service was friendly and prompt each time .
absolute worst bar service i 've ever received .
i agree with everyone else , this mcdonalds is the worst .
great service , beautiful ambience .
the service is extremely poor .
i bought airline tickets to spread him over disneyland .
the place is hard to find but well worth it.
she ordered a chopped salad and i ordered a kobe beef hamburger .
there are much better places to eat breakfast for the price .
super cool date spot .
it was really good .
it was also served with rice and beans .
before you try it !
this store is in a great location .
relaxing and delicious .
_num_ . )
i highly recommend bringing your loved one ( s ) here .
i know regulars would agree .
many fast food places have a reputation of messing w/ cops orders .
there is nothing nice to say about this `` clinic '' .
very friendly and inviting .
and the train tracks 1/2 block away make it a noisy sleep .
already not good .
no , she did not .
he said he 'd check , but never returned .
it was expensive , portions were small for the price .
all done well .
do n't waste your money here .
it 's so freaking quaint .
great service !
really , is that allowed ?
the service was very good too .
i did n't notice it being any quicker than any other starbucks .
nobody can talk as loud and as much as this guy .
that 's just bad workmanship .
lovely place for breakfast .
this was by far the worst experience we have ever had .
great , sleepy little staples .
there are a bunch of native american 's that frequent this establishment .
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
their staff is cheerful , friendly , and eager to help .
this place is delicious and popular but very packed .
my kale salad had no kale , just mixed greens that were pretty wilted .
you 'll be met with a rude vet tech and a condescending doctor .
enjoyed the sunday $ _num_ brunch buffet .
definitely having this again and very soon .
just enjoy !
reasonable , knowledgeable , and super helpful .
avoid it like the plague .
i just love this place .
maybe a chicken salad sandwich .
our server was prompt and cordial , and the food was fantastic .
great service !
i love this place .
not pleased .
david is always friendly and remembered my name after only meeting me once .
the stylist was a different one , also polite but cold .
the service is great .
if you like good chinese food , definitely make time for this place !
the actual concept is excellent .
raw pizza sucks .
orange juice tasted like sunny d .
this clinic is the best !
the service !
my family and i love this place !
how can a company flat out not care about it 's people ?
good atmosphere - it 's small with friendly staff .
great , economical rates too !
terrible management .
very prompt service .
this is shocking as they are not a `` seafood '' restaurant .
the owner has such a great presence !
i have only had the pizza but it 's been good each time .
so , i decided to wait since it was already up .
love this place !
best bagels in town .
it 's a great atmosphere !
the asparagus and salmon was cooked to perfection a nice blend of flavors .
i find it tacky and greedy .
she did a terrific job and i recommend her services to everyone !
checked a couple of locations closer to me for a move .
had i listened to other yelpers i would n't have wasted my time .
it is not true .
she is very professional , and truly loves what she does .
definitely a must go for the experience .
love the place , ca n't say enough good things about it .
diane fit me in on a saturday morning and the result speaks for itself !
meatball pizza , put it in your mouth .
delicious food .
nicole is very pleasant and on top of things !
it is absolutely amazing .
then i had to pay $ _num_ to sit at a decent table .
great happy hour !
the owner was over the top , absolutely rude .
service is super friendly .
none of those reviews are inappropriate - they 're honest .
the ambiance inside is really interesting as well .
i can recommend them wholeheartedly .
it was just before _num_ christmas and i was in pain .
the burgers are great .
run far away from this place .
servers are always friendly .
bomb is great , superb !
i 'm not sure why she said that to me .
friendly service .
well ... .
they have a great wine and scotch selection .
now i have to find a new mexican sit down restaurant .
great food and great service .
very good service .
by far one of my favorite places to have breakfast .
i ordered the enchiladas with chicken .
the food is truly top of the line .
we would 've saved ourselves a boat load of stress by doing it ourselves .
so , i read reviews and thought i would try out their delivery .
pretty darn good ... .
courteous , timely , nice vehicles , at a great price .
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !
have had several types and all have been delicious .
my rule of thumb is split the goodies with a friend !
jen knows exactly what my skin needs and how it will respond .
thank you , katie !
reasonably priced , clean , and friendly .
which sucked also .
like the orange blossom , their most popular brew .
great prices , fresh meats , good portions .
no utensils , no napkins , no bread .
clean place , friendly staff , happy to accept my groupon .
great spot !
loved the spicy salsa and skinny margaritas .
the second time was almost $ _num_ for slightly more .
my family who was with me all agreed !
seriously the best breakfast in town !
love it !
that being said , i have no plans on coming back .
affordable , friendly and a job well done .
all in all we find this pre school wonderful !
the music is great and the scenery reminds me of my grandparents .
not impressed .
the whole staff is so caring and kind to you and your pets .
she deserves a raise for her hard work !
rachel you 're amazing !
the bar had lovely happy hour , and the outside seating was nice .
every time we come here the food is delicious !
but the food is your typical fast food chinese place .
this place has zero customer service .
this is heaven to me .
service was wonderful , on point .
quaint place .
look ... i 'm sorry ... but i just do n't get it .
however , she barely looked at them .
hotel is beautiful , staff rules and pool is so fun .
the food was all great .
i 'll definitely go again !
the worst taco bell i have ever been to .
the whole experience was awful .
old lounge style atmosphere , kind of tired , but service was good .
the customer service was exceptional .
the chef came out 2-3 times to try to kill it .
we got a piece of all of the cakes .
the flowers were fresh , and they were delivered on time .
the seasoning was off and it tasted like dry grilled beef .
so changed to nachos , but no cheese on them .
yummy steaks , great atmosphere , good wine list .
everyone is super friendly as well .
love this place !
pretty decent price .
driver tells me it 's just dust on the rocks that needs washing off .
fun for the entire family !
we came with a groupon , and received the worst service .
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .
the food is good too .
great mechanics !
boy was i wrong again .
very friendly staff and a curious amount of items on sale and bare shelf .
the food actually really surprised me .
great job guys !
so i do not recommend !
and found you could even purchase a jar to take home !
i had one dinner here a few months back and i enjoyed it .
the service has always been great and the lunch is really good .
we had their special airplane omelet it was absolutely delicious !
he also advised us that everything is under warranty .
it 's a childhood favorite and has stood the test of time .
but their sushi was just not good .
they never return my messages .
most every morning they mess up my coffee !
strike three , you 're out .
things looked good there , store was clean and people were friendly .
my two sons and daughter in law are all still sick .
rick as always was great .
the only thing that was good was the sip of mimosa i had .
the best pizza pie in town !
rude and incompetent people work here .
a must for the sports fan !
he referred me to a very expensive specialist to fix it .
we sat on the patio , it was so dirty !
he stayed at the other place for about a week .
great value and clean room !
took friends from chicago to dine last night .
thank you , thank you justin green for your awesomeness !
this place is terrible .
service was above and beyond which completed the perfect experience .
do not waste your time and/or money at this car wash .
just not good business sense folks .
finally found a thai place in az that i can rave about .
thank you alan for being awesome and honest .
definitely will come back and recommend .
not anymore , felt dingy , dated , and close to dirty .
excellent , creative menu .
the sangria just tasted like cheap sangria , nothing special .
the bathroom was amazing but totally disconnected from the rest of the room .
chuck is responsive , accessible and very helpful .
they have free wifi but constant problems with it .
we waited almost two hours and left with no hair cut .
wonderful pizza , tasty toasted ravioli and excellent gooey butter cake .
cowboy is awesome !
i 'm so glad we found this great dry cleaner in scottsdale .
it shows that this restaurant has no class .
stupid dealer !
i love their tacos .
i went there last night with a large party ( _num_ ) .
i really enjoy this restaurant .
there are really no words to describe how terrible this place is .
i will not be coming to this location any longer !
my wife had the lemon chicken which was pretty good , but not great .
great , large menu and pleasant staff .
great guys , great service .
not a good practice .
love , love , love malee 's !
one was breakfast which was served until _num_ am .
it tasted like a reheated frozen pizza .
the food has always been exceptional .
the portions are perfect size , so much flavor , and very filling !
i highly recommend this place to anyone .
get a hair cut and a nice close shave .
this restaurant is amazing !
a great place to spend time with friends .
and the food was meh and really not very good .
food is great !
no , just some odds and ends they have leftover it seemed like .
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .
i strongly recommend them to anyone in the valley .
i 'm glad i only bought _num_ groupon cause i wo n't go back .
we both got burgers and mine was greasy , but it tasted soo good .
wife and i went here one night to try it out .
it 's like just eating oil , they have zero flavor .
best pizza in az hands down .
in general it feels small and is usually empty for a reason .
i love guac !
beautiful grounds and we had a wonderful meal at sunset .
all i can say is wow .
the food is good !
unfortunately , this is my home for the next _num_ 1/2 days .
sushi kee will be our to go sushi spot .
will be bringing all my friends here for some awesome steak !
great job everytime i come here .
the absolute perfect stay !
had mimosa which was very refreshing .
the chairs are comfortable .
highly recommend and definitely worth the drive if you 're not nearby .
service was nowhere near ok .
the food tastes homemade and the people are great !
so disappointed in the way my family & i were treated .
i should have gone to subway and saved myself about $ _num_ .
great food .
i would n't trust these folks with my dog again .
obviously not new couches .
avoid this place like the plague !
it was truly awesome and so much fun .
i advise that you go with friends and share different types of cow .
healthy and good .
the crowds is always eclectic , energetic , and typical for scottsdale .
went there twice , and wo n't go back .
sign me up .
coworker went a few weeks later and also had a great experience .
bad experience .
it would n't be fair !
i will not be going back anytime soon .
the food is good .
i had the seafood dish that was fresh and delicious .
jalepeno fried rice is amazing too !
they are mediocre at best .
simply amazing .
i am not impressed by this agency or their policies .
service was good as well .
i have had _num_ disappointing visits in a row .
this place is awesome !
however for the portion you get it in pretty expensive .
good food .
the chips and salsa is great and the tacos are delicious .
they are usually pretty good to us .
not only was he a great help , he was also a great conversation !
a must for craft beer lovers .
the food was terrible .
well .
everything we ordered was delicious .
all the workers are super nice & they did a great job .
every dish we tried was delicious .
the older lady who ended up helping was horrible .
very educational and the tours are small in size .
i would only give _num_ stars .
he is definitely having a blast !
he remembers your name and greets you when you visit again .
molly maids is pretty hit or miss for a cleaning service .
the next day , we tried the ihop on apache again .
manager was there but did n't seem to care .
yeah , awful .
its been a great experience so far and we will keep coming back !
no , not yet .
would not recommend .
its great for families though .
the fries were really good !
the only thing marquee has going for it is size .
the food is top notch .
very pleased with the overall professionalism , cleanliness and service provided !
james was awesome and made the system complete .
they are priceless !
heather and our captain were just as wonderful .
i do n't think that there is any way i 'd return though .
he started rushing through my nails and acted rude .
a great find on our way back into phoenix to catch a flight home .
i have been to this fantastic place numerous times for breakfast .
everything i 've tried here is very delicious , i love this place .
quality beef , knowledgeable staff , great prices !
they sold me an absolute lemon .
and it does it 's job .
this is my go to neighborhood place .
so hilarious .
dinner portions are only for _num_ or _num_ people .
the pizza taste great too !
big mistake !
i was dragged here and was not interested ... .
the first time my husband went the haircut was not that great .
the salon is clean and friendly .
the patio is very fun .
she tried to upsell me grilled onions !
and they do an excellent job without fail .
when we arrived it was extremely busy .
the salon also has like a good welcoming atmosphere .
the sauce was super watery and tasted bad as well .
food is high quality and tasty .
i like the concept of pita jungle , i have just had better .
great place for a large group or a small intimate dinner .
i highly recommend them - they are the best at what they do .
i would n't recommend this place .
so glad to be back in la for yummy japanese food again !
warning : do not visit !
she 's worth the drive from san diego to arizona !
and the continental breakfast is pretty decent too .
they sure know how to shit on their customers .
which went amazing with my dress !
the sauce was glazed over as if they were sitting out for an hour .
i would recommend sitting outside on a nice day .
great price at $ _num_ and plenty of food for me .
the food was not good and not worth the price .
large pie with meatball and basil !
are you kidding me ?
horrible experience .
wrong !
service is super fast and you wo n't find a much better price !
this business is outstanding in the `` customer service '' category !
waited _num_ minutes for my food .
two weeks before they where out of pizza dough at _num_ pm .
the food came out on their very hot plates and the wine was great .
however , uncle sal 's is phenomenal .
a great shop !
it 's delicious .
this is a hidden gem in scottsdale , the views are breathtaking .
papa john 's is my favorite .
dreadful food ( have not tried their pizza ) .
shrimp tacos !
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .
make sure you make a reservation !
lauren is the best !
the pizza is delicious and the owner is very nice .
second time here and love it .
the breakfast i had sucked tho .
rosa was no help .
john our waiter was very helpful and had perfect timing .
a gem !
no cleaning what so ever !
this is the best place in the valley for nails .
i 've had supermarket bakery donuts that are much better and cheaper .
this place is the best date spot to go to .
there are too many other choices around there .
no wonder as the food is great and razz makes you feel most welcome .
poor food quality is common .
great selection .
delicious fish tacos !
good people .
great place for some fantastic pizza , great service and not so loud atmosphere .
stopped in to buy a couple bags of ice .
green salsa and enchiladas monterey are amazing !
chicken wings were microwaved with slimy skin and rubbery meat .
this is definitely one of the better fast food mexican restaurants .
the most incompetent financial aid staff i have ever came across .
we loved all the sides , and the oreo ice cream sandwiches were fantastic .
the first thing i noticed was the weird smell from the parking lot .
well done .
the theatre has not been added onto .
our meeting was a small group , so this place was perfect .
food was excellent and our server was very attentive .
this place has been open for _num_ years with the same owner , wtf !
clean car , good price , good service !
the food was ok , but nothing special .
tonight was in unfortunate night .
the coffee is terrible .
hidden gem , tucked behind applebee 's , outstanding food , atmosphere and service .
overall positive experience that i would recommend .
everything looks delicious .
plus , it 's so close to us !
highly recommend this little cruise !
what a treat !
my son always requests it on pizza night !
i always was , until they added this bar .
this is the worst little caesars i 've been to .
regardless we will keep coming back to cowboy ciao .
the flan was the best flan i ever had !
and i will certainly try it again !
i have been coming here for years , and will continue to do so .
i love this place !
wonderful stylist .
love the biscuits and gravy and the waffles are to die for .
will definitely be going back .
i declined and drove myself to the airport .
the service was great .
very flavorful , delicious food .
not much to recommend it other than convenient location .
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .
love this office and the staff !
i really enjoy el sol .
produce is fresh and the variety is great .
enchiladas were good.
i went there last night and really had fun .
another year at hospitality suites and another happy stay .
they discounted service , but i was still unsatisfied .
ordered fries for the baby , and they had an strange oil taste .
super slow service for _num_ o'clock at night .
i had half a dozen oysters and the new england clam chowder .
perfect for an after work happy hour or bar hopping .
my favorite gift shopping store !
again , guac was gummy with a strange taste .
the orange chicken and the sesame chicken tasted the same .
that 's not the problem .
the staff are excellent and ensure all your pets needs are catered for .
jon was skilled and efficient .
anyway , the bill was higher than i expected but that was fine .
amazing service !
i do n't get it .
i told him they were very important too .
the service was amazing and very friendly .
this place is soooo overrated , crowded and the music is not memorable .
it was beyond dirty with zero atmosphere .
great deli !
it 's very small inside , the atmosphere is rather boring and bland .
i would n't go here again .
they were very helpful and offered to match any price from fry 's .
very small and quaint atmosphere .
plus the fuel points system is amazing .
the best part : it 's a drive thru !
nice decor , comfortable , a great ambiance .
the escargot was chewy in a butter sauce with just a hint of garlic .
seems like the workers love their job as well .
love this place !
the service was excellent as was the atmosphere .
papago really is a great place .
did i mention we are sitting outside in the cold .
guess he did n't think i could come up with the paperwork .
the wine list was the best part .
owners work hard and have done a great job .
they have a great salad bar as well .
this is obviously a well run and managed establishment .
what a great experience !
this is a quaint little pub with great atmosphere .
nothing to burn sage in , and the stones were on the pricey side .
i sat down with her saying nothing to me of course .
enjoy !
this place is so great .
there is always a wait but they are very friendly about it .
i hand him a $ _num_ tip and thank him .
the steaks are amazingly prepared and the sides are served family style .
do n't worry , it wo n't happen again .
that garbage at least has better consistency and taste .
shannon was the best waitress ever !
bad business practices .
for an appetizer i would recommend the humus - it was amazing !
soo good .
love it !
great service , fresh and delicious seafood .
i checked my account and saw the _num_ on my card .
but my other friend 's wine just didnt arrive .
i just love it !
and even dropped me off at my house with their sweet shuttle ride !
everything was delicious !
great food great service !
went after a dinner it 's cool vibe wine bar with a dj .
kept on said he would give me a great deal .
superior product and excellent service .
way too crowded , even on weekday mornings .
keep up the great work !
wo n't be going back .
cheap and good !
i absolutely love this place !
great breakfast burritos !
my favorite part of the school is bill gray !
best donuts i 've ever had .
this is not the kind of chinese food that i 'm used to .
open for lunch this small bright and airy bakery was crowded to the max .
best suggestion ever !
fantastic service .
btw , their import beer selection is very decent as well .
my overall experience was mediocre .
nice waitress , dj was ok .
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .
smart diagnosis .
their filet mignon is fantastic .
horrible service !
and friendly faces super clean and that 's a big deal .
i wound up coming back the next day and purchased the first dress !
though i 'm sure normal looking folks do n't receive this sort of treatment .
the river was not to crowded and the water was beautiful .
great food !
thumbs down .
boston market is the best quick homestyle meal thing you can get .
the fresh lunch options are amazing .
small place , great for a beer .
we will not be ordering from pita jungle again .
it 's not like it went in my mouth or anything .
the regular pizza is great but the sicilian is divine .
the staff was really friendly and attentive .
thank you guys !
the prices are right too .
its overall a great place !
incredible food and service !
then he walked away .
room _num_ : i am relocated tom room _num_ .
we both were so disappointed with our meals we sent them back .
someone ordered a party pack for our office and it was just wonderful !
i love this place !
like it spicy , this is the place for you .
rude office staff !
pizza was pretty good .
salad with the mix was amazing too .
i am disgusted with these guys .
i ordered it with mashed potatoes which were also delicious .
thank you rosa 's !
rosa 's is my new go-to mexican spot in town .
great food , great music , and great atmosphere .
food was terrible , not to mention overpriced .
big mistake .
love it .
i loved every minute .
good beer , good pizza .
great taco bell .
this place is nice , the staff is excellent and good .
the service is outstanding , and the food is good .
amazing !
i miss ny !
a very impressive venue to watch a live performance .
* fantastic food !
the ambiance is really nice too .
even though the food is great .
so it 's busy and loud with all the traffic .
i loved it and her !
i would have preferred that , any day of the week .
that too was salty .
a must all year long !
would highly recommend this place .
the vegetables on the side are n't worth mentioning .
pastor cal is very well spoken and funny !
first , the prices are low and pieces are huge .
incredible service & food !
it was mentioned to me so many times that i began to feel uncomfortable .
do i look stupid ?
this place was very interesting .
but still no wine !
they treated us like family and welcomed us in so nicely .
four peaks would get _num_ stars compared to this .
the pizza was very reminiscent of the midwest and made me think of home .
the facility is large , bright and very well taken care of .
being a busy professional my vacation time is extremely valuable and limited .
the next day i got my dress back and it was perfect !
i did n't want to just get rid of it .
please do not come here and make a better choice .
they do n't even offer real japanese wasabi .
this place was just really meh .
best of all , i was in and out in _num_ minutes .
i love this place .
overall a good meal .
rip off .
they ended up charging me $ _num_ for a complete package .
someone else ordered the machaca and seemed to enjoy it .
never coming back or recommending first class auto to anyone that i know .
she loved it and came out of there looking incredible .
i 'll be ordering again , very happy .
the overall atmosphere was relaxed and very welcoming .
i love this place !
i did n't have a good experience at oreganos .
just a bad experience all around .
my experience with scottsdale veterinary hospital is outstanding .
the staff is very polite and friendly .
this is a good place for getting a hair cut .
the staff is friendly and efficient ; the drive through is very handy .
good prices .
this has been a great place for me .
what a hidden treasure .
do not sign a lease with these people .
the ribs and twice baked potato are amazing .
i will not be taking another bite .
the sandwiches were absolutely awful .
i would give _num_ stars if i could .
he fixed the issue , and i was able to get it passed !
now there are _num_ balls stuck in the pit on lanes _num_ & _num_ .
it was a little difficult to communicate my order .
wonderful atmosphere !
and in less than _num_ seconds walked back across the street and into ihop .
ran across this amazingly delicious establishment during our wine tour .
beautiful setting and service .
although it was incredibly delicious !
but you pay for the quality .
even if they do n't leave , who cares ?
i do not recommend anyone going to this place !
they are all way too heavy .
our friends brought us here for dinner and it was such a treat !
unfortunately , i was wrong .
it is extremely inconvenient .
george himself is often there as well .
it 's creepy .
the patio scene was even lame .
thank you for the free hair cut .
good drinks .
do a good one or dont bother to do one at all .
very small with _num_ tables .
this location is run worse than the va .
there were absolutely no stains on my sweater prior to dropping it off .
this place is ridiculous .
you 'll see why once you get there .
more garbage .
not even one star .
a haven for craft brew lovers .
our family loved it and is the best in arizona in our opinion .
no lemon , no beer .
whoever they hired to do the remodel was awful .
i will not go back there .
the garlic knots we ordered were terrible and had no taste .
staff is rude .
this place is outstanding .
she 's a terrific person .
everything is fried ... bland and gross .
finally she cut my hair real short !
and dry as hell ( suck ! )
the pasta is my favorite along with the pasta salad .
the share for two can easily feed four !
our reservation apparently happened just moments after the asu football team showed up .
she did not tell me when i picked them up .
absolutely love this place .
food is expensive for the lack of quality .
another _num_ minutes pass food finally arrives .
we had excellent service and natalie was our server .
this place makes me hate mexican food .
we 're stuck with evening training sessions for the time being .
and it cant happen soon enough !
loved my first experience here !
defalco 's is always consistent .
up the awesome customer service !
tried a few other rolls as well with my table and some specialty cocktails .
food is delicious .
the food is phenomenal .
the cornbread is fantastic !
the salsa was canned and the chips were bagged .
i 'm proud of what the shop has become and is still becoming .
the grounds are actually very clean , i was surprised .
it 's seedy with ample space .
food was fantastic and everyone in our group of _num_ was satisfied .
ick .
i want to like this place but i just do n't .
the ugly : ugh , their service !
the best in town !
beautiful location and the staff was incredible .
therefore i ca n't write a letter of complaint .
they care about my family and always hope for our well being .
love the service leslie gave !
horrible experience !
unprofessional and rude experience .
wow this location get super busy during lunch time !
great furniture and interior design .
great atmosphere , great design and decor , great crowd , and great employees .
i 'm with caesar , avoid this place like the plague .
however , a jimmy johns opened a mile or two down the street .
there is a bed that 's not even hidden from view .
thanks top dog !
likely wo n't come back to this location .
can not believe rudeness of some but not all staff .
not after today .
i recommend the honey garlic chicken and the spicy bean curd .
i 've tried many of their dishes and all have been fantastic !
i visited sugar bowl with my parents recently .
yes , i tipped but not overly .
i had lamb kabob and was very pleased .
love everything about this place !
jim is friendly and manages the bar as well as the tables .
all together , about $ _num_ overcharged !
the service is top notch .
it was brought up to the waitress and she did not handle it well .
grimaldi 's was an excellent experience .
good service .
prices are great and affordable .
worst of all , this place should be called the dirty baba .
had a super delicious shredded beef burrito and rolled tacos .
it also had the perfect mix of family , joy and happiness .
great atmosphere and superb outdoor dining .
go and love it !
the service here is above a vast majority of restaurants in the area .
grand opening was fantastic .
the new owners doug and joyce have done a great job updating the bar .
i wo n't be going back .
looks totally outdated inside .
i loved it .
shannon is still amazing !
i definitely recommend these guys !
the quinoa was a perfect accompaniment to the dish .
bartenders put on a great show every night on the bar .
you should definitely call ahead with this place .
this is a nice casual restaurant serving good food .
morning to have it looked at .
as good as it gets !
robin his assistant is the best .
the quality is just not worth the price of the pizza any more .
and he was immediately apologetic and comped my service .
nothing special and i wo n't be back .
both dogs seemed happy and stress free when we arrived to pick them up .
i love this place , the service is always great !
big beers make me happy .
staff was very friendly .
one really wonders about the negative reviews .
this is a gem here in mesa .
i was doing jobs like this at _num_ .
dunno what that 's about but hey , i 'm new here .
the salads are equally as good .
love this place !
however , apparently this is their m o .
manicure and pedicure , she will do them both with excellent results !
an enjoyable experience .
i ordered the danny 's special , so there were both wings and fries .
fun place to come drink and socialize in the evening .
good food , coffee and service .
also , the gift shop is a must see before a performance .
excellent margaritas & wine list .
friendly staff , and always served according to starbucks standards .
not reliable .
they 're the most consistent , job well done .
did i mention all the moldy pitas in the bread section ?
he refused .
anyway , these guys here are phenomenal : ) i left extremely satisfied .
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !
by the way , the price of this shoddy work ?
so true .
one of the worst dining experiences we have ever had .
the tree branch was broken for about a week .
nice hotel , better than i expected for the price .
it was the most fishy and rough piece of fish i 've ever tasted .
we had the wonderful bread pudding for dessert , a lovely evening .
horrible horrible place .
food is mediocre .
now that is good customer service .
a lot of food , good flavor .
do not go to this place .
hands down one of the best desserts i 've ever had !
i had the veggie enchiladas , they were fantastic .
disappointing is the word that first comes to mind .
the old lady at the checkout is extremely rude !
would try to fix shoes myself before ever returning to your shop !
others seem to love this place , unfortunately my experience was n't the same .
totally turns me off to buying anything .
how can you mess up a greek salad too ?
this place had great food , great ambiance and fantastic service .
what a special place .
how can you mess up eggs ?
this place has done more for myself and my family than i can imagine !
we got mongolian beef , sesame chicken and beef chow mein .
if i could have given no starts i would .
from start to finish , the service and experience were excellent .
customer service is poor .
food was excellent .
your dog will thank you !
all of this was supposed to be installed at my 8am appt today .
i guess it just make their life easier for scheduling .
news flash : new asian and mexican vegetables - onion and bell pepper .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .
highly recommended !
do not believe the positive reviews -- they are paid advertising .
the chicken dishes are particularly amazing .
stopped by to look , -- not impressed at all -- .
the place was busy but the service was excellent !
great patio .
do not come here if u actually drink anything other than beer .
everything is fresh , made to order .
i loved the old school ice cream parlor look .
consistent and good tasting pizza !
the employees treat me like family !
this is a family favorite and has been here for years !
perfect for tourists or just a romantic weekend getaway .
our server , cooper , was top notch .
we ordered ice cream , milk shakes , and an amazing sundae .
great ambiance and good service .
the breakfast menu is excellent .
horrible customer service , out of bread , out of meat .
i mean really , how do you mess that up ?
yum , i love this place .
it 's absolutely beautiful , all brand new , never used appliances .
therefore , i make my own .
the staff is terrific , especially jess , and the food is tasty !
he was so welcoming , sweet , and accommodated all my needs .
great atmosphere .
no thanks , just a king room .
price , service , and convenience all met my expectations .
personally we did n't try any of the food because we had eaten earlier .
food was great and gina was awesome !
i love the venue !
really good family owned pizza shop .
wonderful art museum !
justin has been my artist and does amazing work .
the white chicken alfredo pizza is the best .
great cleaners .
what a riot !
if out on mill , i 'll stick to rula bula .
a++ on the kindness and the food .
the girls were incredibly fake and just looking to make a sale .
perfect from walking into the store all the way to walking out with me !
they are very professional and do not miss a thing .
great staff and service at this vet !
definitely will be back .
but as you might assume , it was a huge problem !
plus they charge over $ _num_ for debit and credit .
prices are very fair and service is great .
the pizza is inventive , simple and delicious .
it was thin and watered down tasting .
it was an apple cobbler !
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .
i love this tire place !
much too loud air conditioning units .
i ordered the huevos con masa , and it was very tasty .
do n't get it if you do n't like the taste of beer .
waited more -- complained -- was offered a glass of wine .
in the end he still would not honor the $ _num_ rate .
the only time they acknowledged me was when i walked to the cash wrap .
service as always was exceptional .
nice place with great atmosphere .
the meal was perfect and the service was out of this world friendly .
good portions , with pasta dishes more than enough .
staff is always friendly .
super authentic italian deli !
service is fast and staff are efficient .
service and seating was terrible at this location .
i highly recommend !
it 's roomy & clean .
the stacked enchiladas are great and the margaritas are excellent too .
i ca n't review the food as we never had any .
the staff is nice and the drinks are consistent .
save your money and go to the freezer section of your local grocery store .
the food was nothing to write home about .
_num_ stars for the ambiance , _num_ stars for the waiter and service .
the food is the best italian food in scottsdale .
this location is still a favorite with the super high ceiling .
i 'm sure i 'll go back !
wow !
the margarita was gross .
the beans inside were barely warm .
modern and comfortable inside .
los olivos has obviously stopped trying .
the staff is always helpful and sweet .
recently moved and i still dream about a sandwich from there .
updating my review , as i had the real thing today .
it 's freshly made , very soft and flavorful .
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .
i guess they thought i was stupid or something .
we ate there twice last week .
my uncle ( who is old school arizona ) recommended last year .
service was quite bad .
brad is who we work with and always goes above and beyond .
i highly recommend this shop to anyone .
we left full and pleased !
we ordered a side of cucumber yogurt which was perfect with the main course .
thank you !
left message for owner , never heard from him .
everything else in the buffet was cold .
i will definitely be back .
terrible customer service !
it 's not great .
this is the best garage in all of scottsdale .
not impressed .
loved the enchiladas .
apparently you can not do part b of week _num_ during part a .
it died a horrible death .
well worth the trip and your money .
upset stomachs all night , it was pretty awful .
a great place !
they are understanding and very patient , too .
great food .
i would definitely recommend them !
beyond disappointed .
then i bit into the shrimp taco , and you guessed it .
i 'm always so grateful to their staff for this .
i would recommend this place to anyone looking to get this service done .
i highly recommend this place !
this to me was very disappointing .
staff was always pleasant and helpful .
top notch service , with honesty and integrity !
worst apartment complex ever !
such a nice guy .
_num_ ) the food was mushy and tasteless , like bad nursing home food .
oh i forgot , when they brought out the kabob .
one star does n't nearly state it strongly enough .
the sales and floor team are exceptional , both friendly and knowledgeable .
scheduling was also seamless with clear instructions , etc .
and , they brought a complimentary dessert for the birthday girl ... very cool !
tom and team - thank you !
it was nothing about excuses .
the calzones are ridiculously good .
its a small place but totally worth it , especially for the price !
why would i come back and check here ?
too cheesy , too flavorless , etc .
my girlfriend found this place and it was awful !
family owned and run !
they are tasty and simple !
what a great experience .
when you arrive at the venue , you will not be picking your seat .
but if chain suits your fancy buca is pretty cool .
great visit , easy diagnosis and treatment .
i 've tried a number of things on the menu and loved each one .
i mean , it 's a sonic .
simply put overrated .
good food for a fair price ; love the value .
the pizzas are great too !
awesome breakfast !
service was a little off too .
this is definitely worth the drive to downtown chandler !
i ordered steak and eggs , my wife ordered beef brisket and eggs .
delicious food for really good price .
the woman that attempted to help me was rude .
overall it was relaxing and just beautiful .
every time i come i get the best cut at a great price .
the service was terrible .
this place offers pretty nearly every kind of pancake there is .
i will definitely be back .
one wonderful restaurant .
do n't ever consider moving here .
the service was really good .
very disappointed with this course .
what a talented chef .
bryan was among the best waiters ever .
great food .
it is something fun to do for about an hour .
it is a `` speak easy ' with the entrance located in the back .
i should have left .
kudos to rick , well worth every penny !
all five of us truly enjoyed our meals .
this is the worst italian food and restaurant i have ever eaten !
don 's shop is the best !
totally unexpected and a must see !
great service , tasty steak .
will i return to restaurant ?
excellent service and fantastic experience , highly recommended !
we had terrible service .
my food was good , especially the rice .
_num_ - delivery took forever .
staff very friendly and helpful .
it 's a place .
the wife and i liked this place .
it also looks like they give you a free dessert for your birthday !
first time at this library and i really liked it .
very good food , nice atmosphere , efficient wait staff .
it was pretty dang good !
great job !
once again the i got the outstanding treatment that keeps me coming back .
so the burro was a disappointment , what about the chips and salsa ?
pretty good house beers and a wide selection of other brews .
service was excellent .
thanks guys for the fast quality work !
every time , he gets a delivery he is supposed to pay .
_num_ week later they charged me $ _num_ for gas .
the owner came and introduced himself and was very friendly .
no taxes ?
worst italian beef sandwich ever .
they were n't our fault , they were your fault . ''
awesome italian food .
i 've went her many times because it is closely located to my home .
no one made complaints on any of the sushi itself .
the food is not bad but the people are very rude .
the best new mexican food in the valley !
it is a great place to work !
two thumbs up !
it took _num_ minutes to get the waiter 's attention .
shame on you ruth 's chris steak house , and your chef as well .
great company to do business with !
they will take care of you !
the food is very good both for adults and kids .
i just left as soon as i could .
it was a pretty chill place .
shredded the crab way too much .
not as many mushrooms though .
easter morning was great at via church .
i called and said this is not me ... they said oops !
this is good pizza , not just good pizza for arizona standards !
this nail salon is the one !
so if you want a great pizza give it a try .
the marquee was all i expected it to be except for the sound .
the food is great and the pizza is so good !
very disappointed they ran out of average things in the menu .
thanks for the great service bob !
to bad there is not a negative star scale .
mini chimis are absolutely delicious and frequent beer specials .
the food is _num_ % canned garbage .
always top notch service and quick at that !
they have a beer for everyone 's tastes and likes .
i have to say , it was pretty good .
great wings as well .
this is a strong bible directed church .
this place is super yummy !
they just want your money .
$ _num_ off the next pie ok ?
the venue had my guests in awe of it 's beauty .
the servers and bar tenders are very friendly and helpful .
service is always top notch !
love the fresh squeezed juices and they make a mean cappuccino .
asparagus & sweet potatoes along side .
it took them three months to issue me a refund check .
great service !
i love sephora .
they have good bar food .
well , shoot !
they also have great happy hour specials on other drinks as well .
we tried three different salads and they were all good .
we will definitely be back !
staff was not friendly .
the service at the bar and from the waiter , was great .
the golf course is really nice and fairly priced .
the food is good , the drinks are reasonable , and the bands rock !
i love this place !
we left wondering if we even want to go to europe .
the food has amazing flavor and the portion size is very generous .
luckily this place accommodated quickly and did a fantastic job .
all employees are very kind and helpful .
drinks and water served at 8:00 .
i will not be back to this location !
the gal at the counter did n't know what to do with it .
when i complained , i was called rude !
this was pretty rude .
they do the best gels ever !
the art is wonderful and the prices are really affordable .
pretentious much ?
completely unbelievable .
try the bianco pizza it 's soooo tasty !
i wish i had bread so we could eat the sauce .
vegetable korma is the best i 've had in phoenix .
bring a friend and grab a spoon !
very likely we will be visiting this place again in the near future !
i ordered spaghetti with meat sauce and coke .
one of the worst car buying experiences i 've ever had , awful service .
we will not be back and you should n't go either .
everything worked out great .
i should have noticed because no one was eating .
these guys are awesome !
i 'll go out and spend $ _num_ on dinner for myself .
the teachers are very informative and patient .
called ahead to ensure he could get in with me , manager approved .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .
i immediately felt comfortable and will be coming back .
i love this place !
there is pretty much always a wait on the weekends .
this is a wonderful well cared for , small bookstore .
then a separate ( additional ) $ _num_ to get into the beer garden .
good , honest work at a fair price .
our family really appreciated this and will be return customers .
the chimichanga might be the best i have ever had !
she is awesome !
some dishes even come with the sopapillas for desert .
i was beginning to get irritated .
i will not be returning and would recommend to stay away .
a great seafood restaurant located in an actual cellar .
i ordered the mexican chocolate latte and it was okay .
we just moved here from out of state .
horrific service .
just not worth it .
if we were to get this server again , i 'd ask to move .
beware that they have a tiny little parking lot that fills up quickly .
there are only so many places you can get great delivery food in scottsdale .
my wife 's moo shu pork was very good also .
awesome attentive service .
they were very rude and took forever .
it is all good comfort food .
excellent service and they are now my go to for hvac .
it was awful !
mediocre mexican food !
great service , great food !
bought it and some gum and hit the door .
the pool is fantastic .
this place is awesome !
the poor way in which it was handled was very disappointing .
i called security and they came to take my report and search the room .
so , ended up going to a place called scramble .
i have never been a server so i really would not know .
my crab cakes were firm and nicely seasoned .
finally i found somebody who knew how to do my hair !
most horrible used car buying experience of my life .
had a great time at coach house for the holiday yelp event !
the food is superb , service is good and atmosphere is cozy .
solid mechanics , affordable , clean , and best of all great customer care .
rude .
the dish describes veggies in the pasta , but little was seen .
fresh cookies and pleasant owners make it above average !
i believe i have had a better meal at an airport .
clearly he pissed off more than one customer that day and got us confused .
our server was not friendly in the least and even blatantly avoided our table .
i adore this restaurant .
she is the best aesthetician i have ever been to .
anyway , i have been twice for a dinner and it has been sub-par .
overall we really enjoy going here .
but what we experienced was downright unacceptable .
the food is amazing !
the office staff is wonderful as well .
the food and service were top notch .
that just sounds like complete b.s .
then she had no idea where these plants were .
it is what it is .
worst customer service .
very nice atmosphere .
green flannel is incredible and so is the jalapeno pecan pancakes .
we were eating bbq , you must have napkins with bbq .
the fries were cold and the service was very mediocre !
she 's all better and grateful to brown for all their efforts and compassion .
one of favorite places to go !
the pizza is horrible .
i did not have a good experience at this salon .
the bread was soft and the sandwich was n't too bad .
the customer service is great .
amazing food never disappoint !
awesome awesome shop .
it is just that there are better .
i think this wins for best pizza crust !
good , honest shop ; i 'll be back in the future .
we sit at the sushi bar and the service is always fast .
the worst pizza we 've ever eaten .
great place !
oh , and the food gave my friend the terrible runs .
our ac and tub both clogged yesterday right after their office closed .
their donuts are high quality made and the services are fast .
amazing place !
after shooting with it for one day the camera i was trying out broke .
used the drive-thru so i ca n't comment on the cleanliness .
it only gets worse .
she let me know that it would be about _num_ minutes to an hour .
great chicken better than lolo 's .
oh it gets worse .
rude waitresses , slow service , unprofessional and dirty .
we were n't expecting that and it was a wonderful personal touch !
blanket has holes in it and the sheets were yellow at the ends .
no , we were not obnoxious .
excellent customer service !
plus , it was kinda pricey for _num_ people .
i would recommend them to anyone !
staff are always super friendly and attentive .
just got my third tattoo done here today .
found this place on yelp .
the pour was strong and reasonably priced .
that 's how they make most of their money .
i also asked for a refill on my drink .
except no one wanted it .
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .
then we had a dish that was a assortment of _num_ stuffed pastas .
y'all already know what your girl , angela ordered .
the rice is the best anywhere around .
the couple left without getting their food .
thanks guys and i 'll see you soon ... .
they have a big party room great for a sports team pizza party .
meat was great .
service was reasonably good .
perfect late night mexican food , though slightly overpriced .
everytime i go in there ... there 's only one person .
this is college cafeteria italian .
no music and very boring .
service is slow , even past 10pm .
do not go to this practice they are horrible !
as always , the food , coffee , and mimosas are fantastic !
ugh what happened to this place ?
this place is authentic and historic and the ambience is unbeatable .
overall , for our first time here , _num_ great dishes and drink choices !
it was so not appropriate and scared every little child that walked in .
lovely atmosphere .
take the trash with you maybe ?
the owners are both extremely nice & i 'm addicted to the date shakes !
the last time i was in here was for allergy medicine .
do n't waste your time and _num_ times what you should be paying !
the sauce for the steamed dumplings was way off .
immediate upgrade with her suggestions .
my husband was charger $ _num_ for one slice of toast .
the owner would n't let me use the bathroom !
very romantic setting with one of the best views in the valley .
delicious breakfast burrito !
i ordered the breakfast grilled cheese and it was phenomenal !
huge disappointment !
no other vegetables , which i found odd .
no man .
poor customer service .
food is spicy and always cooked just right .
not under their warranty either ... do n't ask me how .
very fresh and flavorful .
warm ambiance .
it 's a monday and it 's not packed at all .
i got the lean and green and substituted the feta for swiss !
all that said , it was excellent thai food and we will be back !
this place is a classic !
everything is great .
fantastic choice by me !
we worked with kim , who was incredibly helpful and friendly .
the coffee is exceptional .
we were very disappointed .
just a fan of a quality business .
staff is awesome , stephanie is the sweetest !
the hot and sour soup is great too !
tomato sauce + chicken broth does not = tomato soup !
nice service .
nobody came by to check to see if the food was ok .
highly recommended .
would n't go back and would n't recommend to anyone else .
great breakfast !
the big a $ $ burger is $ _num_ and absolutely incredible .
hmm , something wrong with this one ?
great food and lovely service .
but the service is awful .
would recommend them to my grandmother .
pretty good .
it was n't horrible , but i wo n't be back .
delicious !
all i can say is wow !
amazing is all that i can say .
he listened and was able to understand my needs and delivered what he promised .
the store is always clean and the staff and owner are friendly .
this has to be one of the worst experiences of my life .
all i have done at this point is point out my exact experience .
the most honest combined with lowest prices in town , across the valley .
the food here stinks !
the food is delicious and savory each time .
their baked goods are very good .
every person there is highly qualified and very professional .
sweet place .
you get a soup , appetizer , two entree and dessert .
i do n't even know if i want my beloved kiltlifter anymore .
the potatoes are cooked to a golden crisp that is perfect .
the bread they make is warm and fresh .
i eat here all the time .
definitely the highlight of my arizona trip .
the staff is extremely rude and they often get the order wrong .
this venue is anything but helpful or positive .
my cab was n't even wiped down .
a supreme burger joint .
and that is what makes him so absolutely charming .
did i mention that it was just _num_ of us dining ?
horrible customer service .
a pawn shop and chicken & waffles .
their chicken caesar pasta salad is the best !
definitely would recommend to anyone .
unfortunately , i ordered the lamb tongue and only had one bite .
thank you !
staff is always friendly .
the food was pretty darn excellent .
they were very inexpensive , friendly and quick .
everything but the wave roll was delicious and the bill was about $ _num_ .
this place is perfection , amazing food and great atmosphere .
bartender was very friendly and poured us some nice drinks .
fantastic chiropractor .
service provider chris gave me really good service .
such a nostalgic feel from the vintage to the new such a treasure hunt !
soup and salad course were fine .
the biggest disappointment is the poor quality with this new ownership .
their chicken pita sandwich is also always amazing .
everything was clean and comfortable .
service was quick , the drinks were good , and the food was delicious .
every time i 've been here service has been amazing as well .
she is very personable and professional .
hotel room was ok .
wow too bad .
the service at this facility was above par .
our waitress was super funny and sweet as can be .
ribeye steak was seasoned well and very tender .
by far the best chinese food that i 've had since moving here .
the beauty of his technique is that the new hem does not flip up .
the staff is very , very friendly .
i ordered chicken fried rice .
please listen to me .
ok so this place definitely deserves _num_ stars .
pho tai is great .
love this place !
so sad .
the gyros are the best i 've ever had .
the `` beer bread '' is basically a thick flour tortilla .
very friendly ( and fast ) service .
the food is amazing .
he did n't go over some of the basics of weight training .
good experience my first time there .
it 's good but its not what i consider real sushi or quality sushi .
the steamboat ride is more geared to adults than young children .
had to use a laundromat since my washing machine broke down .
oh do i love this food !
i ordered corned beef hash and eggs .
they are very conscientious and work hard to get it right .
but this time it was horrible .
major fail !
my boyfriend ordered a dip sandwich that was very blah looking .
best breakfast in town for quick & easy !
the saffron rice is terrific .
seriously good pizza , and my favorite : beer !
love this place !
this place is good .
cooked them and wow what a great burger .
they also could not give me a _num_ ' truck .
this is by far the worst panda express on this side of the country !
the views were so pretty , and the food was really good .
sorry to be such a snob but truly this food was just okay .
during the breakfast hour , i recommend the huevos rancheros .
we will definitely return for some family fun .
i hate jamba attitude .
the hostess was very welcoming and the service was excellent from start to finish .
i asked my wife to check it out and she almost threw up .
i went with the deal one cause i love a good savings !
they have the best return policy in town .
a different atmosphere , love the decor .
both were so delicious !
man the staff her is great .
it was pretty cool .
customer service is friendly and efficient .
i 'm dropping my membership and i will never go back .
food quality is very good .
visited during restaurant week .
the meat lacked flavor and was incredibly bland .
this place sucks .
no one even checked in on me until my hubby had to say something .
i ca n't believe a place like this is in business .
i will never step foot into this branch again .
it made my stomach hurt .
ca n't tell you how great , fresh scratch made italian makes you feel .
they have really good on the go style breakfast sandwiches .
the selection of books is unique .
and the people are friendly.
a bit more expensive than other places but friendly and great work .
a salty tasteless experience .
i would n't go back even if it was free .
the furnishings and amenities are not quality .
always helpful and very honest .
no dice this time .
highly recommend .
i found it to be very bland and flavorless .
do not get chicken as a pizza topping , its breaded chicken .
very efficient service !
they always have a couple specials that are mouth watering .
both the fillet and salmon had great flavor and we will be back .
they would customize the cheeses - at a price .
it was the worst experience of my life .
hate that we wasted so much money there with our group .
dressing rooms are very good sized with a comfy bench .
but , i could n't even keep this promise to myself .
great food with a really unique atmosphere .
they played awesome music too !
i would highly recommend you find another doctor and practice for your pediatric needs .
they only had one technician working and took forever getting everyone 's prescriptions .
the coffee was also quite horrible , it tasted like dirty water .
the store gets crowded but , be patient , it is worth the wait .
i 'll never use them again .
she 's done my blonde forever and is super sweet !
the wash itself is n't that good .
great place , wont go into much detail there .
the desert calzone is the most amazing thing you 'll ever taste .
i would recommend to anyone !
had the wing lunch special which was good and the service was fast .
) .
the best .
that 's great !
steaks and salmon are top quality and delicious .
i 'm sure she wo n't issue a refund because - surprise !
hot rice is disgusting !
both were excellent as was the selection of wines .
did they lie and email me it had shipped ?
the portions are generous so make sure your hungry !
this is sin for mexican .
i love this place .
check it out .
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .
so they are not wheelchair accessible .
they are fantastic !
the red sauce has no flavor .
i would n't recommend living in this place .
i got the baked pesto ziti with chicken .
it 's just not worth the money ... .
the breakfast club seems to just take it all for granted .
overall the customer service stinks .
the service itself was quite nice , but the food was lacking .
great place for hibachi and definitely worth a try for their sushi .
we found this place because of groupon .
ca n't make a cheese crisp with green chilies without it being soggy .
unacceptable .
yum yum yum !
it was so salty i could n't eat it ) .
i think the smell was bothering me and ruining my appetite .
mens suits has an amazing selection as well !
rarely saw our waitress , especially when she was needed .
i have always had good experiences here .
the ham and cheese croissant was wonderful for lunch .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !
when it was finally my turn to order the wait staff was charming .
great looking store !
the food is essentially taco bell but more expensive .
_num_ stars rounded down .
for this moment , she was terrible .
therefore , _num_ stars .
overall somehow the dish was bland .
will be back next time we hit the lake !
the chicken pita is delicious , and the fries are amazing .
great atmosphere .
awesome experience .
i ordered the chicken plate which was huge and delicious .
luckily i work in healthcare and l was able to figure this out .
the best dessert i 've ever had .
benny , the owner , is excellent .
wow !
she threw my coupon back at me and asked me to leave .
and his mom made my bed .
delicious !
an hour ago , i ordered online for pick-up .
i think the wallpaper goes back to that period and is downright dirty .
great place for breakfast !
i am so glad this little gem is close to work .
horrible service took well over an hour to get our food .
i really liked this place .
i will share my experience and recommend impact any chance i get .
i recommend you try it and i think you will love it too .
ted is a kick ass kj and always makes the night a hoot .
i would avoid at all times , you will be disappointed .
there drinks are extra sweet too like mexican pop .
their chicken pita is great too .
great atmosphere and amazing food .
the gyro meat is delicious , the baklava homemade .
everyone else loved their food as well .
if you have a party of two , request a booth .
great all around gyros fast food restaurant .
soups are excellent as are the ribs , eggrolls and other classics !
great breakfast choices , not to mention ; wonderfully delicious !
everything is amazing and so fresh here .
best wings in metro phx area .
the atmosphere was great !
he was friendly and was great at explaining my prescription .
we will defiantly be back thanks again !
i ordered the grilled cheese breakfast sandwich which was absolutely amazing .
there was absolutely no room in their `` nail salon '' section .
my husband ordered a medium rare steak that came very rare .
the crust and sauce are great , everything is just right .
owner was most gracious .
they screwed up my nails .
my go-to middle of the night spot !
the owner is super friendly .
the atmosphere was very cozy and fun .
to help and always remember you !
scottsdale air saved the day !
this place is not the cheap place to drink in scottsdale .
they have bad service here !
handed me the work order and tells me to fill this out .
everything here is just amazing .
amazing !
service has always been very attentive and accurate .
the service was also very good .
try their honey medium spicy wings !
she refused .
the store is always clean , and well laid out .
i thought the food was even good here to my surprise !
hands down best food in the valley .
overall not really happy at all .
i look forward to picking it up at the store on monday !
food is very salty and overcooked .
they have a great variety of dishes and pretty healthy too !
we did n't realize it until the correct one came next .
you will find nice clean antiques and collectibles .
i had a gyro pita -- authentic , i know .
what 's even more impressive is their dinner salad bar and sushi bar !
was ignored by numerous staff .
but ac still not working properly .
best breakfast place i 've ever been to in all my life .
by far the best cakes !
appeared to have hand cut pepperoni and fresh mozzarella .
a shopping cart was missing after going through the carwash .
the chip chop salads are the best !
awesome doctor !
the candy fish was exquisite .
always a good experience .
the fish candy was blah .
my wife had the chicken fried steak and potatoes ... same thing .
great breakfast that is nice on the wallet .
the bartenders are the best , so friendly and sweet .
f & l 's is decent , but not my cup of tea .
love the pizza , really love the chicago style stuffed pizza .
she spent _num_ nights here and was perfectly fine when i got home .
if i could give it zero stars , i would have .
very disappointing .
atmosphere is nice and relaxed .
this time i had the gyro salad .
but this is where things go downhill .
i came here for an oil change and they were great !
pretty cool !
great place to go out with a group of friends or for date night .
wes has always been a huge help .
definitely would recommend .
above average location for the most part .
no eye contact , very short with me , just generally angry .
wow , was i disappointed .
the beer was definitely overpriced , as was their shots .
the service is attentive and prompt .
sorry if that 's too much for you to take on .
i loved it .
love this place .
a cute gift shop and western themed .
fees , fees , and more fees .
these people break the law and do n't care .
we left without buying the tree .
service was great as well .
the soup and salad bar is always filled with great options .
i went there on mother 's day and the family style food was awful .
it 's obvious the employees do n't care about the customers or the service .
all in all , disappointing .
fantastic .
right around _num_ hours .
it 's clean and the people at the counter are beyond friendly .
the new is much more open and airy .
by now we have n't even gone in for 2-3 weeks now .
now we 're best buds and my brother hates me .
just moved by this location in may , and tried it the first time .
have eaten here a couple of times and have been fairly pleased .
the staff is very nice and accommodating and the rooms were cleaned very well .
the service was amazing .
i love this place !
a few hours later my stomach was hurting so much .
go check it out !
the staff is friendly , and service is pretty quick .
he knew my son needed help and met us at the office .
the food was great !
chips and salsa , margs , and frank or lupe enchilada plates are solid .
love the tasty dishes and wonderful owners .
terrible service .
worst food poisoning i 've ever seen .
the waitress also wanted to make it clear that they do not take groupons .
this urgent care doesnt even deserve _num_ star !
beverages were bad .
my wife and i had a wonderful meal on their patio .
but the fork is a great place .
i definitely recommend this place to others !
the vibe in the restaurant is really nice .
highly recommend working with marie and planning an event here .
super professional , very nice , very reasonable and did another great job .
ben was incredible !
if you come here for lunch , it is a great deal .
the waitstaff does their job , but they are n't overly friendly .
they frequently forget to put the cucumbers in the burrito as well .
second , and more importantly , no one ever offered to help me .
pretty good place for ice cream .
my teller was extremely nice helpful and patient .
so pretty standard .
door clearly says drive-thru open _num_ hours and lobby till midnight .
did n't seem to care about their job .
on the bright side , the chips and salsa were pretty good .
sounds like incompetent management and poorly trained staff .
i highly recommend this place .
i would come back and i would also recommend this place to others .
excellent service .
everyone found a new restaurant today !
the wine menu here is very good !
however , once we got rolling she was fairly attentive .
i will definitely be back !
two thumbs up !
i 'm new to yelp and this is my first review .
it tasted like it was boiled meat , not bbq .
rude , not worth _num_ dollars at all : ( ugh .
come on , sugar bowl , step it up a little .
loved our experience .
horrible .
customer service on the floor is great .
so we sit there , and sit there .
my boyfriend and i visited late one night after i got off work .
very friendly staff and doctor .
great office !
everything i 've tasted here has been excellent .
rice was very dry .
well customers should n't be told and ordered in this way .
love the patio .
then there is the sales pitch for cosmetic and diet bs .
our potato orders were cold .
well , everything was delicious !
and the atmosphere was very casual , in a good way .
so tasty , juicy , and ridiculously tender .
your service completely sucks for lunch .
_num_ star for food but _num_ for service .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .
next visit to mesa we will definitely stay here .
march baseball !
food was great service bad .
this is nice , clean shop .
cleaned up everything afterwards .
it was delicious and fantastic and i really enjoyed the meal .
will not be back !
they completely ruined it and made no effort to correct it .
now she did n't know what paperwork she needed .
the grounds are immaculate and the staff is excellent .
it 's amazing the prices are excellent as well .
no thanks .
unless you want to pay for incompetence and no food pick another pizza place .
thanks , scottsdale plaza resort !
my server was outstanding and promptly welcomed me with a fresh pot of coffee .
i 'm from the northeast and this place reminds me of home .
i love love love this place .
best greek food on the west side of town .
that is worth _num_ stars !
i actually felt bad for the waitresses .
good service .
soon as i walked in at 3pm the people seemed sort of rude .
nice added touch is the personal door service .
best place ever !
extensive beer selection and laid back spot .
i got shrimp tacos .
what an amazing experience i had here today !
the service was great !
no lemon flavor .
the spa is extremely dated and the staff is average .
overall the experience and food was a waste of $ _num_ bucks .
food was excellent !
do n't arrive too close to closing time !
she never said hello .
when in scottsdale this is a stop worth making ... twice .
when she walked away they left .
portions are not large ( which was perfect for us ) .
great ambience !
therefore , _num_ star .
it is my favorite salon !
great views and great food !
now do n't even get me started about the pool area !
consistently delicious .
this is a family restaurant with a ( small ) bar .
worst customer service ever !
$ _num_ , if you want strawberry . )
the food was n't anything special .
did n't even get a response .
the family are super nice , too .
this place is amazing !
it was so delicious , & we ended up taking half home .
the food , service and price were all fantastic !
it was quiet and peaceful and quite beautiful .
the entire ordeal lasted one and half hours ... for just entrees and water .
the are hundreds of better wine stores nearby .
the deluxe villa has a nice amount of room to roll in a bed .
kind of divey but good .
excellent price , service and food .
there is nothing fancy about the food , but it is always tasty .
price is right , especially if you use a coupon .
and the best part ... they are always consistent with the food quality !
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !
delicious red sauce on the mussels that was devoured with the grilled toast .
i 'm almost certain the woman serving us was completely wasted too .
the staff is personable and offers good suggestions .
they have good ready to eat selection and fresh fruit .
definitely try the lemonade with fresh berries .
so ... bye bye cox .
my first time at this amazing restaurant .
the owner was not available .
my three year old loves it !
i worked with anthony on my tattoo and i love it !
i always get the sushi and a cocktail .
overall , pretty forgettable .
just avoid the restaurant.com and avoid this place .
the service has always been good .
fantastic !
their promise times are always spot on if not ahead of time !
not as good as we were expecting .
the unlimited bread they give you with your meal is delicious .
ambiance was that of a cheap , generic restaurant .
staff is super friendly every single time !
the sales team and sales manager really dont care .
shame on you sushi _num_ , the worst restaurant experience i have ever had .
very nice guy !
you begin your meal with delicious homemade flavored tortillas .
i wish i would have done more research .
definitely will come back to try more dishes or have the same ones again .
special visitor so i wanted to try the regular menu .
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .
amazing old school italian with phenomenal service .
best of luck with the new location and we will support you there also .
ordered the pizza online and it came early which is a plus .
there was old food dried up on tables also no misters .
i did n't even bother to ask for help this time .
loved the chicken thai pad plate lots of flavor mmm ... .
great ambiance and courteous staff .
the place was very clean and friendly staff .
food is always fresh and delicious .
yes finally a doughnut place that taste amazing .
we had the baked ziti with homemade sausage , and it was fantastic .
really western feel .
i would definitely recommend anyone who loves authentic mexican food to go here .
we both very much enjoyed our meal and were very pleased with the service .
edit : i had to knock this place down a star .
this place sucks hard !
unfortunately , they were out of eggs !
i would skip this one .
i always come here for help !
places like this make me really happy for promotions like arizona restaurant week !
there was no warning when i bought tickets for this venue .
wo n't be coming here again .
will definitely be coming back !
clean , kind atmosphere and very talented stylists .
ugh .
she loves those . )
the food is very tasty and well prepared .
reading other reviews on yelp and google : seems to be a running theme .
this is the best gyro ever .
small salad with salty bland dressing .
literally two minutes from my old home and we were desperate .
ribs ... best i 've ever had .
wow , this pizza was amazing .
cleanliness is a high priority here .
the only condiment on the table was salt & pepper .
the servers here are really friendly and always on top of their game .
sound system - the acoustics here are terrible !
trevor is absolutely amazing .
the staff was very friendly and attentive .
- transmission leak diagnosed as needing the leaking transmission cooler replaced .
service was horrible !
they also charged us $ _num_ for the honey , really ?
well , there were _num_ of us .
you 'll have to go get them redone like i did .
excellent food at a reasonable price served in a great ambiance .
besides me there is only _num_ other customers & a staff of _num_ .
my three year old had a blast at a friends ' birthday party .
sushi chef alex is wonderful !
service was great !
excellent storage facility .
one of the best starbucks if not the best in scottsdale .
in the mean time it sounds great thanks to fred .
it is pricey but worth every penny .
another $ _num_ .
fun fun fun !
basic no frills diner , lots of seating and extremely attentive service .
had _num_ different employees walk by my .
amazing food .
pool very nice .
everything was just so quaint and attention to detail was excellent !
disgusting .
one giant yum !
i will be ordering again .
two hours of fun .
friendly , good food and very affordable !
love the food , customer service and the price .
we always look forward to frank and lupe .
it does n't simply make me want to walk into this restaurant to eat .
my experience here has been great .
our waiter ( did n't catch his name ) was super attentive & nice !
this one is a gem in a town of overpriced chain look alike restaurants .
they did n't even say sorry .
the worst service however came from our waiter , who was extremely slow !
the most honest auto mechanic i 've ever been to !
horrible , totally disgusting food .
the waitress recommended it and he was glad he ordered it .
chips and salsa were plentiful and fresh .
the salty peanuts were a great addition to the sweetness in the ice cream .
waited for the finance dept in a very dirty waiting room .
best sushi bar !
the dishes are unusually large and are very good .
darts are fun , and the pool table is available often .
once i found malee 's i was in heaven .
the only thing thai about malee 's are the owners .
great patio , dining room is cool too .
they staff are really friendly and accommodating .
i love the food and the bartender rob is great !
first time ordering a cake from `` baker wee '' and we loved it .
they are nine west boots , worn one season .
the food here is very good .
really slow and not great haircut this evening .
do n't come unless you have lots of time .
please spare yourself the disappointment and skip out on this place .
excellent mom and pop deli !
do n't waste your time on pizza .
not enough to change my opinion that the establishment is not worth the rating .
why the _num_ star review ?
bagels and cream cheese are both fantastic !
yes they were good but lukewarm and not enough for that ridiculous price .
i pick up tortilla on my way home all the time for the family !
we like to make it an event and take the light rail !
food is outstanding .
excellent lunch offerings and fish & chips very good - and reasonably priced .
the service was very friendly and great .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .
amazing selection of beer and they even have wine .
i guarantee i will be back .
what a disappointment !
it can get busy but they still take great care of everyone .
so i came on yelp and found the first review .
add it to your sandwich .
how wrong i was !
just another rip off joint .
- we get our check and it was incorrect .
if you forgot my food i 'd probably call and be mad too .
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .
such a nice little touch .
well done canine preferred , i am one happy customer !
i love seeing what they have brought to share .
disgusting !
everyone 's entrees were huge and delicious .
we will definitely use them again and highly recommend them !
i 'm so surprised by some of these reviews .
my problem was with the facilities .
i went to cowboy ciao for my birthday and was very pleased with it !
excellent food .
the food was great .
really enjoyed the cuban sandwich .
this place is amazing !
great resort - perfect for a relaxing getaway !
either way , it was really annoying .
great groupon purchase !
not impressed .
i will not be staying here .
they find a way , meet the challenge , my dogs looked great .
green chile sauce overpowered taste of chicken and shrimp .
great service in the drive-thru .
this was a disappointment .
the bartenders also know a lot about craft beer .
the art of food is a science here .
do yourself a favor go elsewhere !
great food , good prices , great service .
awesome !
i recommend coming during day light hours .
mellow but cool .
very good german food .
there are cops here almost every weekend .
gorgeous end to a trip in az .
great place for those who love the wine and food culture !
they did an amazing job and i am extremely happy with the whole process !
brought it to firestone and they took care of it .
will definitely come here again .
just got a full set here the other day .
great way to beat the heat .
she gave us super service !
fresh fruit is fresh - now there 's a statement .
the pasta noodles were fine however , the quality did not match the price .
nothing fancy but clean , quiet , and excellent price .
order three different flavored cakes and wow they were so good !
it is a very beautiful place for an intimate wedding .
year after year i visit the renaissance festival and love it every single time .
keep up the amazing work !
it is not set up to have everyone look at the stage .
the burrito is a decent size too .
that was _num_ % of the period allowed by the groupon !
- `` well , that would be $ _num_ for the office visit . ''
this place knows how to run an operation .
it 's one of the oldest and most relaxed bars in scottsdale !
putting a much more sour taste than the coffee in my mouth .
also very very thorough .
and the quality of food has really gone downhill as time has passed .
nasty .
attentive service and reasonable prices .
much of the food is fried but done the right way .
it 's a little further away from old town but worth it !
here now getting a pedicure ... and it 's awful .
horrible customer service .
always kept clean and maintained .
the new general manager , mike , is amazing !
no marsala flavor .
charged for entree not ordered ( $ _num_ ) .
keep up the good work zipps !
the service is fast , friendly and efficient .
well we were wrong .
it was n't terrible , but i regretted ordering from this restaurant .
high quality and the best service .
this was my first time a the restaurant and it was very good .
this is one honest company and those are hard to find .
i mean , can i have some food on my sandwich ?
luckily i did n't stay and only paid for an overpriced beverage .
sad that small businesses think this is how they have to operate .
great food !
giving an extra star for customer service .
was not satisfied in one way shape or form .
one star is too much can you post negative stars ?
he ate the lamb chops not the veggies .
i 'm not sure they even own spices .
i could just tell that he genuinely loves working with guitars .
the baristas are always so friendly as well .
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .
the bed was so comfortable .
they did a fabulous job !
then when the a/c goes on it gets so cold you need a jacket .
delicious olives for example .
even the cooks in the back are friendly .
this is our home church since moving to mesa a year ago .
managers are n't any better .
i dunno if i 'll go back or not .
saw fun .
it 's worth the wait !
great customer service with a smile .
the food was really good .
the care is top notch , the staff is terrific .
it is a great lunch place .
i got the stuffed lobster and my boyfriend got the steak and crab .
this is a great place for breakfast in scottsdale .
she then charged me another $ _num_ .
nice , friendly staff .
we 've mostly ordered the specials and have loved everything we 've eaten .
horrible customer service .
the people were not very friendly and the food was so so .
the owner did an amazing job !
a great place to shop for groceries .
this just is n't that .
great food , price & service !
i will trust no one .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .
they have true ny style pizza , dripping with grease and deliciousness .
it was delicious !
gross , gross and gross .
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .
that is horrific customer service !
dry brisket , good fries , not much else .
fabulous experience all around !
the food , service and overall experience was delightful .
want a scenic view mixed with an amazing atmosphere .
a very good deal !
its fun and is worth experiencing .
thanks jeff !
i was very happy with the service i received .
she wanted some authentic mexican cuisine so i brought her to carlsbad .
she clearly showed no concern .
first bad sign .
another nursery that never showed or called .
highly recommended .
came here on a first date and it was perfect !
great beans folks for starters - i mean great beans !
i absolutely did not like this place .
the ceremony is short and sweet , then the remaining time for pics .
many thanks !
we love this place .
the host did n't acknowledge my group for at least five minutes .
i just looked at the community and its so beautiful .
strong drinks at cheap price .
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .
it was hell .
a perfect setting for a date .
i love this place .
judy moore and her team offer beautiful and affordable jewelry .
i literally dream about the stetson salad !
too broad a choice for most chefs , and this one was no different .
highly recommended and reasonable prices !
great food .
fast forward to today ... truck started falling apart again .
everything i tried was fresh and perfectly presented .
great guys !
hotel staff is very nice and professional .
this place is not the same !
seriously delicious !
never again will domino 's receive my patronage .
very clean , quiet , comfortable and nicely appointed .
definitely a hidden gem worth knowing about .
has to be worth the drive .
from day _num_ they were super courteous and professional .
nothing was particularly bad , just nothing to get excited about .
not sure why all the high reviews for er .
$ _num_ per cannoli and the filling tasted like vanilla pudding , not cheese .
one is a star too many .
this is not excellent customer service .
there is no order or procedures .
absolutely wonderful .
i 'm just disappointed because i really wanted to like the place .
they lied and did not care .
but this place is my new fav sushi spot !
love sugar bowl .
slow service .
suzanne is awesome and does all the alterations herself which are impeccable !
thank you very much !
this makes me worry about the cleanliness of the kitchen .
when i am setting up for my first shoot my lens just falls off .
to die for !
ok ... so what 's wrong with him ?
a business run the right way .
i purchased from this store twice now , both times buying jewelry and pottery .
none of his business !
not quite enough guac for me - but great overall .
i left the conversation even more frustrated and disappointed .
good beer prices .
well , unfortunately what he wrote was n't what i ordered .
the service was super fast and friendly .
love this place and ca n't wait to go back !
no one ever called back to explain or apologize .
our server was great and very knowledgeable .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more atrocious .
un real color .
their chow mein was super dry .
sushi took _num_ minutes to come out and the drinks took _num_ minutes .
what a shame , need to clean house on that place .
each item is classic comfort with complex and elevated flavors .
absolute waste of time and money .
this required a good amount of time for me to clean off .
top notch staff - the service here is impeccable .
it could b mold infested as we speak !
she said they have the best donuts .
no draft beer .
just looked into getting tickets for show here .
the service is wonderful .
a lot of choices to pick from .
i 'm just not into the hype ... .
delicious .
sauce was ok but should n't it be a marinara ?
the tandoori roti was good as was the complementary yogurt sauce .
emily is awesome !
the atmosphere is now inviting and warm and the acoustics have been improved greatly .
dr. lewis is such a caring and helpful doctor .
room _num_ a/c does n't work too well .
laundry room is horrible .
as i walked in , i was reading some bad reviews on my blackberry .
the best steak i 've had i a long time !
we loved the food and the service .
once the vehicle was there the inside condition of the vehicle was horrible !
this location is a total disappointment .
i have been to this place countless times , and i love it !
wow , my boyfriend brought me here for valentine 's day .
this is a nightmare : i am paying to be insulted !
service was very friendly and on point .
i gave him a tip and left happy .
chicken lo mien is the best i ever had !
went in today for a haircut and man is this place authentic .
this location sucks .
never treated this badly .
i will not go back !
i 'm in love !
great place !
friendly service and when you enter they open door for you .
great atmosphere , great staff , and great food .
but this stuff was nasty .
very helpful .
these guys are great .
i highly recommend it .
love the funky soda selection .
great tortilla and the pork was awesome .
the egg drop soup is the best i have ever had .
very cool and personable staff .
the mac rocks !
the food is great and its a good place to drop into .
she said to me that i 'm supposed to tip on to go orders .
these guys are great !
they have the best happy hour in town in terms of food quality .
the staff are very friendly .
keep up the great work .
my wife had the fish tacos - very good !
i was very pleased with the service i received during a difficult time period .
pros : so many different types of kim chi !
best place to bring the out-of-towners .
he did nothing about it and just out a clear coat on top .
interesting ... .
best wings in town !
suzanne did a fantastic job on my gown in a very short time frame .
they advertise as a _num_ star hotel , but the quality is definitely sub-par .
* shark tacos - i thought the shark meat gave an interesting twist .
luxurious atmosphere with good service .
a good choice for a birthday dinner .
will be back when my blood sugar levels are low .
the prices are great too .
go for drinks , dine elsewhere .
not cut into strips or cubes .
everything was delicious and we cleaned our plates .
they have n't responded to emails or notes left on their door from me .
total disappointment .
the worst , though , was my sister 's salad .
that 's the only reason i gave it that second star .
i love to go back !
highly recommend this to anyone interested .
after finally getting my room i could n't open the door .
so only way i got through was email .
i waited _num_ minutes and no one came out .
i am so happy to have aaa .
otherwise i highly recommend new health dental .
plus they have really good happy hour .
i have recommended one posh place to countless friends .
i think that there are way better viet places not very far away .
it 's a good stop during a night out in scottsdale .
the staff was welcoming and attentive , every aspect of the facilities uniquely enjoyable .
i highly recommend to give them a try .
people , the pizza here is just plain bad .
go check it out !
this is how it should be , a great value , and perfect haircut .
i would highly recommend this place if you get a decent price on it .
the location is crowded and waiting in line is uncomfortable .
always really packed during giants games ( spring training ) .
when you arrive put away the expectations and just enjoy the bat cave .
if this is standard then i should have been told .
worth stopping at .
apparently , you really do get what you pay for .
the batter is terrible as well .
the bread is garbage .
our server was checking in on every other table except for ours .
anyway , my salesperson , maria , was lovely .
worst presentation i ever saw it looked like they threw it on the tables .
the sushi on the other hand is just meh !
service was awkward and food was horrible .
stop being cheap and treat yourself to a bike that you deserve .
highly recommend this place .
and their sales are always fabulous .
i came here for happy hour a couple days ago and it was great !
it 's my favorite item on the menu .
( we live _num_ miles away . )
walking in today i was shocked by how nice the new remodel is .
they charged him $ _num_ for a crap bottle of wine .
but nothing .
it was amazing , perfect balance of everything and cooked just right .
i highly , highly recommend this place .
definitely on my regular rotation now !
new owners and love everything about it once again .
poor service , food really was sub-par for what we paid .
thank you new management you guys are amazing .
this was served along side some red pepper tortillas with jalapeno butter .
i 'd love to keep this deli open .
we are so disappointed because the other location was so awesome !
it was amazing !
i would not go back despite the pizza being good .
fair prices .
our waitress was rude and she could barely be bothered to take out order .
great food and tracy is a great server !
line _num_ people deep and not moving .
from start to finish i was really happy with every step .
i signed up for yelp !
excellent .
if you are gon na have a drink here you better drive home drunk .
breakfast , lunch and dinner .
not wowed .
the nurses was just sitting around like it 's nothing to do .
great company and great service !
so authentic they barely speak english and it shows in there food .
hot damn this place is great !
too expensive for bad food .
still very tasty , and what a great deal !
$ _num_ for a lunch size chef salad ?
the service is outstanding .
worst experience i have ever had in my life .
the bathrooms are a mess and they dont have changing stalls .
prices were great , service was excellent !
the inside was as amazing as i remembered and so was the food !
the people at the counter are nice and very efficient .
amazing breakfast !
i made an appointment that was about _num_ weeks out .
shame on me for not doing my research on the price .
_num_ sushi roll , and i chicken wrap .
wonderful place for nails .
this is a family favorite for sure .
bitter and yet weak .
people are incredibly condescending .
she could n't understand we just wanted a refund .
everyone loved their food .
no , no , no .
that is why i gave it a solid _num_ star .
staff is pretty friendly .
bland and stale .
carne asada had almost no flavor or char ( appeared to be boiled ?
the food was nothing special and actually below average .
the flavors are fantastic !
so far this place has been great .
i purchased a hugo boss suit as well .
the associates have always been professional and nice to me .
another 3rd waiter came back with our drinks about _num_ minutes later .
service was not poor food way to over priced !
my boyfriend and i dined in the bar so we could watch college football .
my mani lady was super nice but the pedi lady was definitely not friendly .
the side of guac we got was also kinda crappy .
and she 's so talented !
the decor also gives off a fun and fancy vibe .
i have curly hair and once the bangs dry they stick straight out .
the six of us went out for yogurt because we were really very hungry .
skip this place !
half the reason i wanted asian food was for the spice .
do not support this business !
they were open from _num_ to _num_ , we had a _num_ o'clock reservation .
i went with a large group of people and our service was spot on .
the machine was broken , friendly staff but busy to help right away .
the okra was mushy and flavorless .
i do n't remember tasting any pesto in the mayo .
the decor , etc .
reasonable prices added to the nostalgia .
i will definitely be going back !
some of the home fries are okay , but not theirs .
great back patio as well !
they had already closed .
we started out with the asparagus fries ( delicious ! )
he insisted still that it was mandatory and needed to happen asap .
everything prepared exactly as we requested and the food was excellent !
the service was still excellent .
no reservation , no problem .
i used to buy excellent blueberries there but no more .
i do n't care for cilantro , our server was happy to accomodate .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !
best place to go for physical therapy !
just gross .
free chips and salsa nothing to brag about .
they are very busy , but slow , and relatively indifferent to their customers .
will definitely be back !
decent prices for boarding , ridiculous prices for all else .
no spices .
thank you guys again !
my favorite pizza !
i can personally cook a german meal _num_ fold better than they did .
this place is incredible !
i 've stayed here twice now and have thoroughly enjoyed both trips .
plus - he recovered quickly and graciously said he was buying our drinks .
wo n't be back .
how he missed it , i 'll never know .
this is the best place to come and get your car repaired in mesa .
brought in two camera lenses to have them repaired and cleaned .
plus they showed up on time with a courtesy call .
first time here , hidden gem .
very good pizza .
always quick and painless .
i visited the desk _num_ ( ! )
the salon is beautiful too and has a cute cafe and boutique .
this is by far the best chinese in arizona .
maybe i 'm just getting old .
all of it had zero point zero taste .
the server recommended terrific wines and was knowledgeable and attentive .
once again , no kidding , folks .
amazing .
no onions peppers or anything .
all _num_ members of my party thought their meals were sub-par .
it was actually kind of fun !
he did not return my call either .
i love , love , love my chiropractor !
i mean , i 've never done this before .
terrible pizza , tasted like it was from a box .
_num_ months later i get a bill for $ _num_ .
the technicians were very patient and interested in our dog and family concerns .
extremely poor customer service .
the prices they charge are outrageous for what you get .
like i am wasting their time by ordering .
the technicians and the office staff are great as well .
their front desk is always on point .
questionable ... but once inside ... very happy to experience this location .
i recommend spicy miso soup , sooooo yummy !
top _num_ .
fresh bread and fillings always with a pickle and chips .
water waitress would n't leave us alone .
even when i asked they would not do it .
the biggest problem i had was that i ordered ribs .
yikes , i give this place _num_ stars .
chips were spicy and tasty !
the salad was delicious as usual & the service was fabulous .
we had to ask someone else to wipe off the counter .
makes you kind of feel like you 're at home .
great time !
it was horrible .
what a disappointment .
excellent food .
i ordered the ham and brie .
still , not up to the ratings or expectations .
very pleased with new glass table top .
the staff is friendly , too .
well , it 's mighty hard to mess up nachos .
wonderful ice cream , good amount for the price .
courtyard marriott north always delivers a quality room with over the top service .
definitely give them a try !
this is definitely one of my favorite places to go .
when in doubt , do n't stretch the kitchen .
arrogant people , skip it , go somewhere else for authentic persian food .
( not counting this dinner ) .
it looked flat and it did not taste good .
he 's a hero to me and i ca n't thank him enough !
the 1st time it was ordered it was burnt and folded very strange .
reservation is definitely needed , as it 's popular .
they tend to short scoop so you feel like you 're getting ripped off .
the food was really good .
they 're very warm and welcoming .
will be back !
they have some odd policies and will no longer earn my business .
the soup was fresh .
how about allowing people to complete paperwork online and not waste their time ?
it 's not spectacular , but usually not terrible either .
very friendly environment !
quiet atmosphere .
the spaghetti and meatballs are an amazing duo as well .
huge portions and consistently good !
prices i were too high for the portions they serve .
it takes them forever to get your drinks , orders , etc .
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?
it 's clean , organized , has great customer service !
their shredded beef chimichangas are excellent as well .
marquee theater is the worst place to see concerts in the phoenix area .
all good !
the office is beautiful and the entire staff are so pleasant and helpful .
great car wash - very friendly staff .
should i learn my lesson ( s ) and just stop ordering it ?
although a little confused , we all obliged and waited outside of the restaurant .
their billing staff is useless and constantly getting the billing codes mixed up .
this meant they cut corners , and will not stand by their mistakes .
as we were being seated the other _num_ people showed up .
the rates are reasonable and in line with the other locations in the area .
i recommend this place and will definitely return .
avoid ordering any of the soups ... ... their pretty poor .
nope , bad idea .
i highly recommend this bakery !
this is one of my favorite mexican restaurants .
you feel good about being in his care .
the service was great .
which i probably should have done .
a fun place to go and enjoy a meal .
enjoy your meal , just do n't fill up on garlic bread !
the fish tacos were truly the best i have ever had .
the staff is young and energetic .
great place for breakfast .
i wish you good luck in your life and career girls !
but , loved it !
i would give this place a negative star rating if possible .
nice , friendly , efficient staff .
highly recommend .
do not go to this restaurant .
ashley wright is a fantastic hairstylist !
i feel blessed to have the mayo clinic right in our town .
i wish every could have had such a great experience .
i really love this place .
beautiful day , very enjoyable lunch .
very disappointed .
if i could give zero stars i would !
had the philly sandwich here and was remarkably impressed for a local place .
nothing was horrible .
if you like spicy and delicious thai , look no further !
the pool looks really gross , would n't suggest going in it .
first time here and the fish and chips were delish .
terrible experience today !
everything looked pretty good .
she just said sorry , no you have to pay the outstanding balance .
thanks for reading .
food was great , service was good , prices quite reasonable .
good place !
that was some tasty food ! ''
they are awesome and do a wonderful job .
customers are not your children .
they have an amazing selection of organic fruits , and vegetables .
every time i walked in no one was at the front desk .
i totally love this place .
the outdoor fireplace and the lighting is great and makes the ambiance .
my son got a quick and nice haircut for $ _num_ .
we had _num_ people and _num_ of them ordered the chicken ceasar salads .
not much flavor and no texture or substance .
i highly recommend this business .
thanks again mike !
i have also been experiencing mediocre service .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .
you provide great customer service .
reasonably priced and small and quaint .
the duck salad is pretty good , too .
consistently delicious !
actually , just stay away .
this was the worst experience i have ever had .
i recommend this nail shop .
i know this place has some good reviews but nothing stuck out to me .
the facility is always so nice and clean which is always very important .
the service was terrible .
the stacked enchiladas was excellent as well .
my husbands chicken was burnt , my carne asada was tough .
thank you !
the atmosphere is really neat because you are eating in a grocery store .
i sure did n't but wow , these people were fantastic !
donuts were delicious and fresh , coffee was good - definitely coming back soon !
she was most pleasant .
overpriced , small portions and very bland food .
she brought out something that looked not even close to what i asked for .
my friend i recently went here to eat .
it 's a really great dive bar .
just was n't impressed .
after waiting _num_ minutes , we finally got our food .
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !
i 'm from back east and enjoy great seafood .
not a good value and portions have been reduced .
any duck menu item is always one of my favorites !
they are honest .
to top it off , a bite was taken out of my sandwich .
price : way too expensive for what you get .
amazing menu and one of the best patios in scottsdale !
the tuna sandwich is great too !
i 'm pretty sure it only takes 5-10 minutes to fry some chicken .
the staff is wonderful !
will not make 2nd trip here .
super fast and efficient !
the service and food were all fantastic !
the food was awful .
it 's friendly and not at all stuffy .
fantastic everything .
it 's always a great meal and pleasant visit .
very good food , nice servers and a real treat to be here .
canyon lake is absolutely stunning and this was a great way to see it .
my technician did not welcome me or introduce herself to me .
pretty good local joint .
it was a thursday night and not too busy .
but when its cooked just right , its fabulous .
the iced tea was good .
and the place smells very bad .
all are quite good at a reasonable price .
love this place !
went during lunch time and serve was extremely slow .
the ambience , service and every item we ordered was most excellent !
the steaks and meats are great .
decor enjoyable .
very honest and fair shop .
see ya next year .
great wine selection with fair prices .
my son loves this museum .
i prefer this walmart over others because it 's one of the smaller ones .
thanks yelp .
first and foremost the staff is awesome , and the place is clean .
the best deal is the big ass burger , enough for two .
i left , no charge .
i 'd recommend it for groups and a good place to end your night .
the real jewel of this place is the jade bar , however .
definitely want to go back and explore more .
not in the actual tempe camera building , but next door .
superb service .
it was tough and just very unappealing .
the quality has been consistent for all these years .
quality food !
never going back .
i highly recommend camelback auto glass !
they are creative signature items and also every customer can make their own .
thank you !
they 're always loose and stuff falls out .
i 'd go back .
oh well , they just lost a $ _num_ sale !
_num_ stars for this place is insane .
good drinks .
perfect spot to hang with your friends and watch sports games !
we waited over an hour for a table .
the waitresses are funny and friendly and the place is perfect for family dining .
i love it .
clean , and fresh .
amazing food , nice crowd and always consistant .
i 've been eating here for years and i always look forward to it .
impressive !
it was hot , correctly prepared , and tasty .
another sign of poor leadership .
i wanted to tell them but figured they would be rude .
for beer lovers papago is probably the best place in the greater phoenix area .
i recommend the gnocchi gorgonzola but everything is amazing here .
i would n't recommend this apartments to anyone !
great atmosphere !
love this office .
i was very disappointed with this cafe .
by far the best auto service center .
they make you feel like you 're wasting their time .
the vet took her time and was very friendly .
we got a crappy sake recommendation that literally tasted like bitter water .
so i went again last saturday with my wife and it was awful .
we tried the pesto with chicken and loved it !
everything about my experience was excellent .
not because they were special or anything but because it was really cheap .
i really ca n't recommend the breakfast club .
huge selection and baked fresh daily .
worth the effort !
this place has the worst greek food i 've ever tasted .
we love zipps !
been here several times and been disappointed every time with their plant selection .
ordered the green chile burrito , perfect size and amount of pork .
very good tiramisu too .
their second location in scottsdale is an amazing location and atmosphere .
in terms of starbucks , this one is definitely my favorite !
just had some brake service done and once again a great experience .
you can really see how this place is ran by pro 's .
delightful , we were there for sunday brunch .
my family has used him for years , and with good reason !
great reception upon entering and great food !
received my _num_ slices that tasted no better than a reheated slice of pizza .
always friendly , precise , and on the ball .
she is quick , talented , professional and efficient .
does anyone have the number for pizza hut ?
great patio with ambiance .
great old town location too !
see you soon .
i love this fry 's and come in almost daily to buy something .
our server could n't tell me what was in the stuffed mushrooms .
the whole experience was amazing .
the employees did n't really seem to care about being there .
i love this place .
nice funky charming ambiance .
i had the white pizza , which is tasty but $ _num_ !
amazing how patient and accommodating for customers he is !
tons of meat and the sauce is the best .
love this place .
their staff is rude , their kitchen is slow and their pancakes are overpriced .
i just need to start out by saying ... best happy hour ever !
best chinese food - hands down .
this is my wife 's favorite place to eat .
we ordered a pitcher of margaritas and were disappointed there as well .
the owner was extremely unfriendly and unhelpful .
much more flavorful and zesty !
i wo n't go back again .
then i pick up my car and he charges me $ _num_ .
... then they charged another tables bill and our bill to our card .
this reminds me of being back east .
this was our 1st and last visit .
i would say they earned their _num_ rating .
popped in for dinner and had a great experience !
amazing aesthetics .
honest , reliable and hard working .
i guess in dc they have significantly better thai .
gross .
the chicken kabob was very tender and juicy .
great gyros !
this location is very good .
it was not a good first impression !
i went with the short rib and found it both good and disappointing .
all pieces were unique and high quality works of art .
the drinks are a good price too !
the food was great !
i said , ok , let me talk to her .
would definitely recommend .
this place fails on both counts ... .
both were great !
the food is amazing and the service is usually pretty good .
tried the combo platter appetizer , very good .
very inconsistent too .
great location and setup , food was amazing and pricing was fair .
always delicious !
staff was amazing !
the donuts are so delicious in the early am .
first of all this place is always packed so prepare to wait to sit .
but neither one sounds intelligent .
but overall , typically a great experience .
not gluten free friendly on game day .
this is the worst starbucks i have ever gone to .
it is a relaxed , roomy atmosphere .
the meal was around $ _num_ for _num_ people .
the service was very good .
chris in the service department is the best !
it is n't that hard .
overall wonderful experience with this resort and its staff .
this place is loads of fun .
drinks are great and service is outstanding .
literally !
this is was my first time here and i will definitely be back !
so nice to have such good service and great food with a smile .
all-around winner !
when i think authentic mexican street tacos , tj 's is the spot !
i was very relaxed .
i will definitely be back for more !
nice and spicy , with fresh fish and lots of okra and other veggies .
the room she uses is beautiful and relaxing .
i love this place !
each time , the guy took a message and never called me back .
you could tell she just clearly did not want to be there .
this is the place !
will definitely be back !
great for family dinner or a date .
one star because i ca n't give zero .
my husband was n't impressed so we probably wo n't be back .
great breakfast and lunch spot .
the chicken was not my favorite .
they have good margaritas and the food is greasy and good !
well worth it and will do it again !
this is a great place for sandwiches .
the best period !
enough to feed about _num_ people .
the service is spot on even in a usually full restaurant .
the location is not fancy at all ... but this is top-notch thai food !
then it went downhill .
the potatoes were undercooked , and there was a hair on the bacon .
the pork appetizer is very tasty , a bit spicy , good flavors .
the tortillas are the most delightful around .
the rotisserie chicken was so moist and tender !
the rice that came with it was soggy - too much water .
the consistency was slimy and weird .
the employees have been kind and friendly .
i had the carnitas and the pork just fell apart with an amazing flavor .
watered down .
i called steven paul himself and left him a message to make him aware .
i ordered a spicy chicken dish , asked no soy to be on it .
this place is a real scottsdale secret !
this place is overpriced , poor menu design and flat out unimpressive .
first off everyone knows you do n't dry off a car in direct sun .
it makes me happy knowing he is in such good hands during the day .
my husband has had the chicken , prime rib and steak and all great .
the salsa was ok , but nothing special .
finally got our appetizer - chicken with garlic and mushrooms .
carrots and peppers with them perfect combo .
the food was ... well it is taco bell .
what a pleasant surprise !
i recently moved back to arizona and was in need of a new stylist .
tasty hearty food .
i wo n't go back .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .
then my sister convinced me to try it one more time .
we got gluten free artichoke dip , delicious !
highly recommend going !
i would say it is a good service .
i really needed to let everybody know about my horrible experience there recently .
my gyro was drowning in tzatziki .
in my experience , staff has always been friendly and attentive .
the girl that took my order was so rude !
food was good .
thank you , bruce for taking care of me !
but in my opinion there should be no wrong items on a menu .
i used to go here about _num_ yrs ago .
awesome spot .
stupid !
dishonest !
food : boyfriend and i hated the food we have gotten here .
horrible .
horrible place !
great sports bar , they have pool tables & darts as well .
we will definitely be back !
since we 're never going back there 's no point .
i liked the selection .
i love vs forever !
they are cheaper than anywhere else and sooo good .
very enjoyable experience and would recommend for any special occasion .
will not be back .
it was almost _num_ inches longer than her shoulders !
overall , this is a good stop while walking about downtown scottsdale .
not what i would imagine from a nice place like that .
this wedding was honestly the most beautiful wedding i have ever been to .
i loved it !
the food was delicious , however i felt like it was overpriced .
they have great sangria and the best part if the dessert .
both dishes were greasy and flavorless .
this place is awesome !
great sandwiches friendly staff .
with the addition of the hot salsa my dish was mediocre .
even with premium tequila they are just not made very well .
service just gets worst and worst .
but that was probably the only plus !
the spa pedicure was just as bad .
it made my day !
wow , calzone personal can feed two .
so my daughter basically did n't eat for 24hrs .
the choices of food options has definitely gone down .
great end to our double date outing !
very disappointed for my first and last time coming here .
eggplant parm and spaghetti was anything but that .
the price is perfect for what you get !
the marsala sauce was very bland .
poor customer service and food was cold .
will definitely be going back .
heidi is always fun to visit with !
ugh .
we also got a plain quesadilla for our daughter .
the best chinese food still around and good price .
this is not the first time .
i was looking forward to a salad and she some mexican food .
fun atmosphere .
do n't worry if you have a long wait though .
awful , terrible , disgusting !
love this place !
it is white rice made to look brown by adding soy sauce .
why would n't i just order through the school then and avoid those fees ?
i received excellent customer service from jason at lunch today .
the chicken and beef were ok , yet the lamb was literally inedible .
the best seafood place in town !
totally disgusting .
this restaurant lets pet dogs inside .
they are super quick and the waiting area is comfortable .
my wife and i will share next time .
love this place !
i was disappointed in our experience .
avoid at all costs , .
it really felt like we were bothering him .
you will thank me later .
this place has such a wonderful ambiance .
i 'm from southern california and know good sea food .
_num_ ) apology in words means very little .
definitely some of the best sandwiches i 've ever had .
terrible food and awful service .
the decor makes absolutely no sense .
this restaurant is one of the best i have ever been to !
best .
what the hell !
this place gives me the instant impression of my midwest roots small town bar .
we always enjoy the comedians , every time .
i will gladly come back and enjoy a wonderful meal any time !
the fries were the only thing i ate .
the layout and atmosphere went along great with the food .
everyone has been so helpful and friendly with me , i consider them family .
i 've referred several friends here and will continue to do so .
this _num_ star is truly only for the coconut curry .
rating the golf course , horrible !
loved it .
the store manager norm was extremely disrespectful and rude .
god help , i have no idea why .
i got a great price and was handled quickly .
heck , i order the mango lassi for myself it 's so good !
i will never go here again , and will advise others to avoid .
ten minutes to take an order is ridiculous .
and walked away .
unbelievable .
the staff that works there is amazing as well .
but i wo n't be coming back .
thanks justin , for making our first time at your restaurant a good one .
it is one of the worst i 've been to .
the calamari appetizer is the best and is large enough for an entree !
had a great time .
went for dinner and food was not good .
how is that non smoking motel _num_ !
_num_ for two tiny cheese enchiladas .
the staff was nice and friendly .
i will tell everyone about you !
you missed the delicious pizza which this town offers .
would hate to see what a busy night would be .
no `` hi my name is ... '' .
excellent location to host meetings and events .
the place is really clean , everyone was really nice .
lon 's was a complete bust .
malts burgers and hot dogs are great here .
solid slices .
as always it was great .
this place is awesome .
the food does n't impress me , but the restaurant is very nice looking .
the service was awful for lunch .
went there tonight .
his staff is the best .
sometimes the order might take awhile but it 's to make it fresh .
the # _num_ combo and add a relleno !
personally , i would have appreciated some seasoning besides butter on my petite fillet .
friendly cashier and superb services !
i still am not impressed .
wish i tried the falafel instead .
delicious everything from start to finish .
their excuse for that was they were getting it repaired soon !
great drink prices .
ok , end of gripe .
this place is the best .
i 've had it , and i 'll never go again .
great decor and excellent waitstaff !
i tried the yogurt soda which was disgusting .
_num_ minutes .
if i could give this place negative stars i would .
the cheese sauce it came with did nothing for the dish .
uncle sal , you rock !
burgers are great also .
judy was great !
service was good .
i have found friendly service .
the work they completed on the rear bumper of my car was excellent .
mushy , short grain rice and dry chicken .
even meat items had no taste .
this is a _num_ star rating .
the fried combo plate is excellent .
my wife and i frequent this restaurant .
i 'm typing this as i 'm still in the store not being helped .
red white and brew !
wow , worse than powdered potatoes .
good prices .
at a total of $ _num_ ( no alcohol ) we expected more .
he also orders miso soup as an appetizer .
top notch , great ladies .
stupid queen .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !
absolutely fantastic latin american food .
the price and the quality is excellent .
the grounds are lovely and well maintained .
i 'm going elsewhere .
good job china wok , keep it up .
absolute worst auto care place i 've ever been to in my life !
there 's no other way to say it .
front desk can do only screaming and yelling after that hung up .
i really enjoyed the midwest `` greasy spoon '' atmosphere !
i was also impressed with friendly service .
i asked again for waters ; nope ... .
frankly , turning on my phone 's hot spot is faster and cheaper .
needless to mention , we ended up leaving .
the only good thing about this store is they have a starbucks !
superior quality on lenses , also .
i would highly recommend against patronizing this establishment .
i love this place .
loved the classes and the instructors were great .
so happy with my decision to go here .
horrible .
the office is clean and the staff is friendly and good .
they have great pizzas also .
the service was n't great either .
so good !
i appreciated the quick appointment time and friendly and helpful staff !
no one would even acknowledge that we were there !
i recommend anyone looking for a wedding dress to give suzanne 's a try .
will not be a go to place for me .
they did n't even know they screwed up until i said something .
i completely understand how frustrating that can be .
best doughnut we have had in chandler .
basically just rubbed his hands around and stared out the window .
the apartment was very clean when we moved in and had brand new carpet !
strike _num_ .
i lost out .
`` my drivers license is n't good enough ?
food is great and service is excellent !
definitely a favorite .
no cheese .
it was horrible and stressful !
the food was bland and flavorless .
the teachers are awesome and help me when ever i ask .
everything was delicious .
the servers are friendly , the food is awesome !
great student art gallery with a good variety and ever changing selection .
best care for a great cost !
excellent service & the atmosphere is great !
other than that , it 's great .
yes please and thank you !
the food is good and the drinks are even better .
they 're looking to rip you off - not help you out .
i was not informed of any of these issues when i picked them .
every now and then , i have to raise an eyebrow .
i love this place !
my favorite stop on way home from work .
three of the four plates were served cold .
nothing to see here really .
the grounds are gorgeous and the place really is worth it .
our server mike was really nice .
$ _num_ and packed with food .
it was disgusting .
george also has some excellent soups to try ... but try everything .
i 've never had a more terrible customer experience .
this kind of place is what makes the valley so special .
awesome place .
awesome !
will be back !
there is no place better than defalco 's .
its also great as takeout .
the sauce is great and the toppings are generous .
cute little free museum in the heart of scottsdale !
their workers are always helpful and kind .
great customer service from all employees .
i just felt that the calamari was bland .
sara was pleasant , and informative .
it was my birthday and everyone makes you feel so special .
very good experience .
i mean really , really , really expensive .
do yourself a favor and give this place a try !
so , word of warning - that is how they prepare egg foo young .
minimum orders suck , but so do minimum restaurant sales .
we had good time playing golf there .
i am very pleased with the service i received and definitely recommend this location .
we tried an assortment of dishes and loved all of them .
we always eat here for breakfast the food is excellent .
the shrimp alfredo is fantastic !
we were very satisfied with our meal and the service .
ambiance aside , the food is the real attraction .
moderately priced and great service !
it seems like a group problem .
_num_ songs , and you 're not going to get called .
great mexican , but processed high .
really not impressed with the service nor the wait times here .
i told them no thanks and left before my appointment .
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .
true craftsmanship at its best !
very good food , decent size portions and made with care .
meh more or less sums up my experience .
this is a fun place to go .
they got me right in .
_num_ dollars for a draft beer .
it is quite expensive .
the food is not original or even tasty .
the view is awesome !
this place is my new favorite .
after placing my order of their `` new '' bacon swiss chicken sandwich .
wow !
great spot , will be back soon !
the bartender was really really rude the whole time and kept yelling at me .
fun atmosphere , but a bit on the loud side .
i went in , the place was dead .
i highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great dental practice .
thanks cruise america for running our vacation and trying to kill us !
store was clean fresh and easy to find exactly what i was looking for .
great location in scottsdale .
that 's not what i received .
had the italian beef sandwich it was amazing !
this school is ran very poorly .
thank god it was only for one night .
we are n't very excited about coming back .
this place is awesome !
tiny crap store .
disaster .
excellent food and service .
frankly , it did n't add much to the `` ambience . ''
i finally ate dinner here and it 's official : i am a fan !
this was my first time and i was very impressed with the entire facility .
i was very disappointed .
if i could give this restaurant zero stars i would .
we eat here a lot !
my husband and i were not impressed .
when going for lunch the service is usually pretty good .
save yourself the trouble and use someone else .
i also left messages on the contact section of their website to no avail .
score !
so disappointed !
love this place and i will go again .
no one was in the place when we came in .
the salmon i ordered was raw and fishy in flavor .
a bit of touristy southwest heaven in old town scottsdale .
they are always out of at least _num_ entrees at any given time .
we booked this room for a week while our bathroom was being remodeled .
the staff was friendly and helpful .
i should have checked out the reviews before ordering !
it was slimy and not fresh at all .
sat outside and he brought us our order !
super fast check-in .
perfection .
this place has amazing food at a good price .
great food and service !
the chicken kabob my daughter ordered was pretty good .
the worst hotel experience i 've ever had in my entire life .
the host staff should have been helping in other areas .
the food did n't strike me as being overly fresh .
an employee here used my credit card info _num_ weeks after i left arizona .
and do n't make them from scratch .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !
oh my goodness , so great !
no answer and it went to voice mail .
excellent customer service .
made excellent recommendations !
no sauce .
a $ _num_ tax on the internet use .
do not fall for this scam !
not like they used to be .
i struggled to find anything i liked about our dining experience here .
no one else was able to sing karaoke due to the long wait time .
great pizza and wings .
everyone in our party was happy with their meals .
a repeat visit is definitely in order .
last week we dropped off _num_ shirts and _num_ pants .
do not bother to order anything that is not prepared as steamed or boiled .
he is only _num_ yrs old so this should not have happened !
great foot rub !
if you 're cowboy ciao , the answer to all of these is no .
most of the channels said no signal .
the best wings ever and i do not through `` ever '' around .
he was going to pay this because he is feeling so sick .
so on to the last entree which was a dry aged steak and shrimp .
fantastic food and great atmosphere - perfect for celebrating our anniversary !
the testing was very thorough and precise .
however , this particular location does not ever have anything for vegetarians .
shame !
cold , slow , tasteless food .
so gross that you do n't see to care !
the food was mediocre at best .
great food and great wine !
the price is affordable for a place , groups are welcome .
i have been enjoying their coffee and live talent since i was fifteen .
i know their rent may be high , but their prices are like stupid .
i ordered prime rib ... that , was a big mistake .
two words , chilean sea bass ... three words i guess .
barry 's however , did n't do this .
for the most part , it was n't too bad .
this is only good pizza to people who have never had good pizza .
service excellent .
very trashy .
chips and salsa , fast delicious and bottomless .
their website is very good as well .
place is still awesome .
food was decent .
thank you !
my waitress brought out what turned out to be a sirloin steak .
it was the most disgusting piece of carrot cake i have ever ate .
do yourself a favor and try other local thai restaurants .
dr. van over is very pleasant .
but why is everything on their menu a mock of regular , meaty foods ?
never , i repeat , never go after 4pm .
this was done by a gentleman that was of first assistance .
he could have cared less !
still a great meal for the price .
great place clean inside !
loved it !
love this place !
also love their cheese plate !
great customer service !
our server was one of the worst i have ever encountered .
great service , great quality fresh dough and ingredients .
ask for joanna to do your hair , she 's the best !
the food is delicious !
we stopped in here last night for dinner and were both pleasantly surprised .
i love this place so much .
no drink cart or halfway stop on white wing .
great wine selection .
other that that superb service , incredible food and amazing wine list .
i had the mexican pizza which was cold , greasy and average .
service was a little slow but it was worth it .
- _num_ minutes later his boxed up food is n't there yet .
still even on a slow karaoke night , we had a lot of fun .
worthless .
i was so happy that they put the dog park in !
a cold beer is quick to come by .
maybe i 'm asking too much ... but maybe i 'm not .
i took a bite and could n't eat anymore .
they also spread rumors about people .
absolutely fabulous !
highly recommended !
awesome !
best korean food in the east valley !
one of my favorite restaurants in south scottsdale .
the staff is always friendly and fast .
i 'm talking lunch here , not anything fancy .
good ol ' home cooking !
an excellent oasis in a mediocre world .
i love the food here .
i always recommend this place to friends looking for some good italian food !
when we left though he said it was bad .
loved their selection and preparation of a diverse menu .
this is a very nice venue .
thanks !
she 's a blast !
we sat for _num_ hours and never did get called .
the biscuits were fluffy but tasted like a mix , not fresh made .
the car was not cleaned well .
i never leave without a big smile on my face .
i am not a bar person at all .
the bun on the pork sandwich was stale beyond belief .
no manager came around to apologize during the whole time we were there .
literally watered down and tasted like nothing .
i rate the meal as followed .
the atmosphere is fun and unique .
the service was prompt and friendly .
in fact , the _num_ stars represent the value per dollars of the food .
i highly recommend .
our waitress was really sweet and provided amazing service .
and they did n't need our business as they 're always packed .
the beautiful views only made the experience that much better .
it was the perfect spot to hang between soccer games at reach _num_ !
really on top of her game , offering refills when they were needed .
great atmosphere outside .
always wrong .
nice pedicure , i just wish they had more gel colors to choose from .
when we arrived here i was charged $ _num_ for a shot .
we drove to this bar on a recommendation from a friend .
the egg rolls were pretty good , i 'll admit .
piece of cake !
a little over priced , but the food was very good !
the office staff insisted i pay right then and there before any treatment .
i will continue to take my car rental business here .
nice to have finally had a restaurant with fantastic customer service in arizona !
hey , you got ta tip em ' .
inside is cute and the service is good .
customer service is superb !
i had a white pizza which was super flavorful and tasty !
get some to go or elsewhere because the service here is bullshit .
there were a ton of empty tables .
nice place for romantic date or any kind of dine .
maybe _num_ star was too high a rating come to think of it .
such a wonderful establishment .
the food is fantastic , the service is excellent ( thank you liz !
between three people , we shared the top hat and dusty road sundaes .
overall a good experience .
all kinds even bugs that i 've never seen before .
so glad to of found our new go to chinese restaurant .
had a really bad customer service experience there .
great service and a pretty center bar to relax .
she also called me sue ... not my name .
we are very pleased and we will be back !
( i got black beans , and they were served in a bowl .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !
the cooler has hundreds more in bottles but this place satisfies !
everyone is kind and personable .
pretty good !
we highly recommend this store .
when you test , you do not know what you get wrong .
it 's unfortunate that i 'll be buying my pizza elsewhere from now on .
the server was very professional and knowledgable .
my taco salad was miserable .
this has been our go to sushi restaurant for the last _num_ years .
literally the worst happy hour ever .
there is more to it than i thought .
this is a great place to buy produce .
sick is the only word to describe .
ca n't handle the heat , get out of the kitchen .
for darn good ny pizza , this is the place to go !
awesome place .
on my _num_ visits , i 've had _num_ different servers .
great quality food , a little crazy of a menu .
it 's always clean regardless of how many kids come and go .
excellent service and food .
nothing flavorful and under salted food over salted crab water .
food was cold , no follow up by the waitress , awful service .
so good !
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
the pricing is great , and the staff is better .
chicken tacos and cheese enchiladas are the best !
service was excellent , quiet and classy atmosphere .
i think they should get more friendly people and work on their consistency .
so good !
the appetizers are very delicious.
i love coming here for breakfast/brunch , especially since they serve it until 2pm .
what may have once been shabby chic is now disgusting .
thanks so much for my experience .
great service .
very good , fresh italian food with salads that i really enjoyed .
service in both the bar and and the restaurant was friendly and attentive .
i would rather have my old carpet back .
recommended a bunch of different actions we could take , chemicals , parts etc .
staff = horrible .
and no two ways about it , he was right and i was wrong .
it 's dark and intimate inside with a great wine selection .
very affordable !
i will definitely be going back for the delicious food .
great customer service !
food was sooo delicious !
great memorabilia exposed all over the place .
the burger was simply not good and the server was worse .
i thought that was so cool of them to remember .
and they consistently make the very best subs in town .
bonus !
a simple cheese crisp but made on a tortilla that stays crispy .
just very dry cut up potatoes .
i would have been better going off to ra .
wo n't be returning .
my experience with your establishment was positive all around .
there last thursday and waited _num_ minutes with no waiter .
i am very impressed with all the pharmacy staff at this location .
he tried his best but the food plain sucks .
my perfect escape for the day ... .
if i could give dish _num_ i would .
an excellent way to spend an hour and a half ... or more .
just moved here from new mexico , great margaritas and food !
this is one of the best in phoenix .
go to the top deck and have fun !
my husband 's stomach got sick after eating their spinach & artichoke dip .
great food , friendly people and super fast service .
awesome food !
this is the best seafood joint in town .
the tortillas , salsa and chips tasted like they came from a grocery store .
are you kidding me ?
love it !
the hummus egg plant appetizer dip with their homemade pita bread is amazing .
after finishing the meal , the server returned to drop the bill .
the food comes out quick , taste bland .
after _num_ minutes on hold someone answers who doesnt speak english .
it was clean .
service was top notch .
i would come here at least once a month to enjoy the food .
but the pizzas were the best .
each individual item was quite bland .
love the food here !
this is not gourmet chinese food .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .
crust was flavorless and limp .
the worst facial ever and it was _num_ minutes long .
i only wish i could give zero stars !
then they acted like they could have cared less about helping me .
i am so happy !
i am never going back to this place .
very good mexican food me and my wife love this place !
that alone makes it worth the trip !
they make you feel so comfortable !
so after you order you have nothing to munch while you wait .
great service !
she gave us good info on the menu .
top notch service !
the food is very tasty .
they have tasty ribs , sliders and pasta dishes to name a few .
he will always be our electric company in chandler !
highly recommend !
got a _num_ '' to go and it was amazing .
they love it too !
i have asked them to fix our air conditioning _num_ times now .
another great holiday at this fantastic resort .
i love the location .
$ _num_ ( myself and hubby ) before tip for a very disappointing meal .
food was tasty and filling .
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .
this school was a total waste of a lot of time and money .
definitely take your out of town guests to this hidden gem .
i was very happy with the food and service .
dependable .
first off , i arrived before my friend got there .
the employees are always rude and could care less about your order .
i will not go back .
the flavorful and juicy meat was scrumptious .
sure you waited _num_ minutes for a table when you see plenty open .
sushi _num_ was a favorite of mine but it has become completely overpriced !
the salsa bar had several delicious options .
do n't recommend this place .
the music was lovely sounded like louisiana soul singer .
i 'll most def be back on my next trip to phx !
met friends here for drinks , what a beautiful resort .
however the food left a lot to be desired .
our server made some great suggestions .
very good !
everyone there is super nice and helpful !
thanks judy !
but all in all , was n't a deal breaker .
did i mention the other plumber charged about _num_ % less ?
plus , the food was amazing and service was great !
i love all locations , they are fair with the exchange of store credit .
bad customer service !
they have great food and shakes .
golden medium wings !
dr t is one of a kind .
it was fabulous !
the experience was super extremely terrible for me .
luxury with the latest in technology .
the guitar plays beautifully and we appreciate russ ' talent in working on guitars .
the bar that truly changed the way that old town did bars !
best steak you 'll ever taste .
his office staff is also great .
we will definitely be back !
this is my favorite quick bite to eat in the area .
the burritos , tacos , and nachos are all good here .
good was good and well priced .
come for the pour alone , and stay for a nice selection of wine .
pizza was great .
you get what you pay for ... and worse !
we had appetizers , main course and dessert and it was absolutely excellent .
i definitely reccomend !
- this horrible service was complimented with food that was not even that good .
simply awesome !
beans and tortillas are top notch .
easy and quick service was provided .
food is consistently good .
i can go on and mention the other last _num_ bad experiences .
worst pharmacy service _num_ days in a row !
our server had zero personality .
true food from new mexico .
she was so pleasant and talked me through everything .
great place to start the night out !
consistently great service .
i like their spicy greasy chicken from time to time .
i absolutely love the sushi from here and the sushi bar !
easily the best in the valley .
absolutely fantastic !
i 'm always greeted by name !
frank , the manager and now district manager was horrible to my mother .
great staff !
the staff is great .
so i always show up _num_ minutes early .
really not good food .
not a fan .
thanks jay for your help and great customer service .
the dinner menu is awesome with a chef 's feature nightly .
she was cheerful and definitely works hard to please the customer .
she help me try literally a dozen dresses !
good vibes all around here !
i popped in one day based on reviews and really liked it .
the burrito was ok , as were the rice and beans .
great place to hang out with a few friends .
unfortunately it took a turn for the worst and we will never come back .
best persian food .
i ordered the classic new york style pepperoni pizza with some hot wings .
staff is great !
try the honey garlic chicken , it 's fantastic .
very easy to order online and to pick it up .
will definitely go back for future needs .
there were only about three or four tables with customers .
it looked weird but was different and enjoyable .
so i believe he chose the wrong profession .
and the hostesses and waitresses are so friendly !
the pharmacy workers are all wonderful as well .
i love love love it !
great sandwich 's - great atmosphere .
& ny strip steak , which was good .
service is unbelievably good here .
my husband and i ate here twice .
i went to get extensions done by a stylist named joe .
just do n't go .
really love the taste of the food and customer service was great .
no self checkout lanes .
total nightmare !
a neighborhood gem !
very friendly and helpful .
oh yeah , the hotel is old , tired and run down .
the two at front are great ( wish i could remember their names ) .
i drive _num_ minutes to get here , and it 's worth it !
this is possibly the worst restaurant i have ever been in .
how awesome !
this was june 1st .
the noodles were overcooked and mushy .
overall , pretty nice vendors & beautiful cars !
loved this place .
greatest pediatric dentist in town !
great sports bar !
good pizza !
i know where to find it -- this place !
i would n't recommend it to anyone .
i would have given them zero stars but it was not an option .
the food is great .
the shoppe had nothing .
extensive menu , so there 's something for everyone .
the food is basic canned beans and standard rice and overpriced .
it is a hot spot for those looking for authentic , not ambience .
green peppercorn shrimp and calamari has got to be the house joke .
i can not recommend this restaurant .
otherwise it 's s great venue .
it 's close to my home , it 's short and it 's inexpensive .
eggs potatoes and cheese .
how sad that $ _num_ million dollars was wasted !
not a big fan .
false claims of the shuttles to downtown .
she always finds something completely unique and personalized as gifts for her friends .
one of the best values hidden in old town scottsdale .
the food has been excellent though .
and the service department is amazing .
it was great !
i always look forward to the next time that i will be back .
long story short , the pizza is nasty and definitely not thin crust .
less than mediocre food .
the pizza has tons of flavor with a wide variety of options .
i had the orange blossom ale , which was refreshing and excellent .
he definitely took care of us throughout the entire process .
the service was very spotty .
the italian sodas were always refreshing and they have so many other things .
seriously the worst cheba hut ever .
wo n't be back to any .
the vibe was n't great in there it was a very negative feeling .
i mean , that 's saying something is n't it ?
outstanding food !
would definitely recommend !
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .
thank you !
this place is a definite must !
( brakes , oil change , tire rotation ) .
prices were great and staff was friendly .
the staff and doctor are amazing .
we received _num_ pizzas that were way over cooked : burnt .
as usual this place is amazing .
i would definitely recommend .
but it 's still one my go to places for watching games !
the service was spot on !
it was great !
they really care here .
but the customer service and pizza were better than most .
poor time management by the host .
there was a good balance of sauce versus bread too .
terrible the last _num_ times i 've been in !
yes you will pay a little more , but it worth it .
best i 've had .
the manager is horrible .
customer service is fast and very good at this location .
so rude and condescending .
these people go above and beyond to make you feel at home .
just got the best cut of my life from dustin .
very friendly attentive staff and great location in downtown scottsdale .
clean and professional office with friendly staff .
all that has happened to me multiple times there .
i really do n't like writing negative reviews .
awesome people watching .
love love love .
it has regularly been closed down by maricopa county dept .
great price and great work .
it 's been many years that i have had menudo that tasted this good .
professional and fun and excellent service !
i 've missed days off from work because of you !
the food is great and reasonably priced .
would definitely recommend this place to everyone looking for nice persian place to eat .
she proceeded to ignore us for _num_ minutes while we waited to be sat .
spicy scallops looked like cream corn and tasted like mayo + sriracha sauce .
if i could afford it , i 'd come right back for vacation .
rotisserie chickens are not fully cooked .
great happy hour pricing and great place for a bday party .
some people might like that smoky flavor , i do n't know .
the restaurant is also very clean .
it is great !
managed to come right as happy hour was beginning ( 3pm to 7pm ) .
nothing was comped .
bathroom disgusting .
the food is great and the sandwiches are ginormous .
was surprised at how big the place is on the inside .
got it !
hate the ambience , i 've been a few times .
their california burrito is delicious .
service was not good .
here 's my issue and yes , i am partially the blame .
the keg is our favorite restaurant .
it 's painfully spicy yet delicious .
good service and affordable prices .
with think fries and attentive service , this place is fun and delicious !
i love emily !
they 're coffee and drinks are pretty delicious too .
i was disappointed that the menu was a limited menu because of the event .
absolutely no sauce , and no crust flavoring .
all in all , a horrible experience .
also , accordion player in the background is a major plus !
more beer might have saved the situation , in some way .
it was terrible , simply awful .
the staff here is really friendly and i like friendly people .
this is a great place .
the rest were idiots !
lots to see .
change your name if you do n't even have the british open on !
the bottom line is , is he really does n't care .
my friend ordered two sushi rolls that tasted fine but they fell apart .
a hidden gem for sure !
i understand i was upside down on my vehicle , but this was ridiculous .
oh my gosh it is the best !
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !
unfortunately the people running villa deli lost it a long time ago .
that was supposed to be my first course .
i still hit this place any time i can .
we go to the desert ridge location and always have amazing service and food .
their chorizo has good flavor without being too hot .
it was very nice atmosphere , service , drink and food .
so definitely expect a wait .
i live in the area and enjoy having dinner here .
even once we were seated the food was just mediocre at best .
the servers and the sushi chefs are warm and friendly .
jay -- -- the manager , was here tonight and a total douche .
it 's such a shame .
however , nothing was offered to us period .
they 're in my neighborhood and have earned a loyal customer today .
one of my favorite patios to be on on a warm sunny day .
excellent customer service .
this banquet hall does n't refund any money for any reason .
a classic in phoenix - great decor ; excellent food with service to match .
this was a nice place !
took me _num_ minutes just to pay to get into the place .
service so friendly and genuine .
delicious food .
it is dive bar style , but for what it is it 's great .
do n't bother .
nice patio to sit and eat breakfast .
no apology .
if you value your safety stay far away from this place !
but the food ... the food was unbelievably delicious .
i am always treated well and they care about their patients .
we felt the wait staff was not just busy , they were quite lax .
my moms personal pizza ended up to be $ _num_ .
after that , was served _num_ bottled beers and ( delicious ) tacos .
... no .
the food was delicious .
nice atmosphere and reasonable prices .
never had that kind of reaction before going to this dry cleaners .
they always treat you very kindly and do all they can to help people .
not comfortable and kind of ridiculous given the number of people waiting .
i get what i need and i am out bitches !
service was friendly and fast .
a very friendly staff provided good service .
it 's friendly , quick , and easy .
i suggest you go during the week or early for happy hour !
it is the best item on the menu .
first off , the masseuse reeked of garlic ; the smell was overwhelming .
just the right amount of sauce and toppings .
it 's a great memory making day for the family !
i highly recommend dining in as the atmosphere inside is warm and welcoming .
the bald bartender dude was very cool .
so i had to spend several hours getting it to go through .
if you do n't know do n't try to bs you way through it .
everything was great , and the service was top notch !
modern looking and clean gym .
are you kidding me ?
i would recommend this place to everyone : ) .
the owner is so rude !
terrible delays .
restaurant is very pretty and very clean !
no thanks !
thanks staff at palm glen for making us and our pets feel welcome .
our waitress was very friendly and sweet .
my wife and i were starving when we got in .
the food was very good ; all fresh and flavorful .
great meat market and bakery !
the attention to your complete satisfaction is a refreshing experience in these times .
forgot _num_ of our dishes when our food arrived .
great service .
week _num_ ) why you ask ?
my parents absolutely loved it !
unfortunately we were not happy .
no bathrooms !
and to top it off everyone is super nice and friendly .
its a true saloon .
there was no one there to show us around .
still one off my favorite places to eat .
i said no and that i wo n't send food back .
when i bring my kids they are always so good with them .
my wife ordered a bowl of clam chowder and a small salad .
large seating area , super friendly staff and great decor .
the calamari was amazing .
too pricey for average food .
they are honest and friendly .
recently ordered a meal from my location for a christmas party .
i would try elsewhere .
great guy !
well , it 's starbucks .
she then offered to take half off the pizza .
great place to hang out .
and now that leaves me writing this review .
his steak has always been amazing , they are very consistent .
love the meatball pizza , simply delicious !
they have excellent customer service .
i can not get a consistent haircut from these folks .
beware the dinner salads are big enough to feed two .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
just got a royal oreo blizzard .
they make something so simple absolutely amazing !
the waitress said it was n't .
intimate setting , great for a date night .
the enchiladas were okay , but the rice was dismal .
love kona grill !
i will be back !
there is no excuse that the truck was not there .
great restaurant and a great place to celebrate your birthday !
the place is packed every morning .
the memorabilia is amazing .
this is my nightmare .
the garage cans were overflowing and it was n't clean .
family ran and very friendly .
i love just about everything they make .
prices are good .
overall not good at all .
good margaritas , chips and salsa and steak tacos .
next husband i have , is getting a wedding band from this store .
i got a great pedicure and will go back .
food is great .
will definitely do business with them again .
an added benefit is having the lab `` in house '' .
great old though !
after _num_ treatments you only need touch ups for $ _num_ .
i love this place .
the side of mixed vegetables tasted of freezer burn .
the plate also came with delicious potatoes and fresh fruit .
about another _num_ minutes and she brought it .
fast service .
their pepper steak is good and they have great fried shrimp .
the staff was all so nice .
love the steaks here !
i would highly recommend their services !
this is not how you treat customers .
servers are amazing and food is delicious !
not a fan .
however , it has gotten worse and worse since then .
the lunch specials are n't so bad ... .
cocktail was so bad we had to send it back .
the food is good , but not great .
the staff was friendly and speedy , i will definitely be back .
this theater is a disaster for acoustics .
they obviously have zero concern for customer satisfaction or service .
came here on a friday night and was pleased it was n't busy .
great food and friendly people !
the we split the layered enchilada .
our server asked two people to make our drinks .
sunday brunch was a huge disappointment .
i left after that with nothing .
wife loves this place .
the customer service here sucks .
everything turned out great !
they also frequently have bbq 's which is a treat .
looked so good .
friendly and casual !
the service here is always excellent .
a bit expensive but extremely delicious .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .
the red enchilada sauce tastes generic and too heavy .
this is a school for people that can not get into a real university .
our waitress denise was quite a character , we liked her service a lot .
we will definitely be coming back !
the beer here is super water down .
our appetizers ( crab cakes and steamed mussels ) were great , as usual .
many bands sound somewhat marginal there because the acoustics are just not very good .
i would recommend this place to anybody !
ease to find .
amazing !
food is great .
truly one of the best restaurants the phoenix area has to offer .
our friend suggested for our foodie day and we all were pleased .
the driver could n't get into my gate with my code .
what a blast !
its not worth it .
the cannoli 's are delicious .
i was in awe and impressed .
she is the only reason i am not rating this business _num_ stars .
i went during spring training !
if he waits on you , be prepared to wait on him .
this place is just ... ick .
i said no , and asked again to just take them off the bill .
i love the giants and spring training !
the food is fantastic , can not wait to return .
what a treat this restaurant is !
they let you sample their beer so you can make sure you like it .
i recently ate at this restaurant and had a horrible experience .
i asked can you tell me where i can get this done .
the associates program is no longer an option .
i love their margaritas !
all great .
very helpful friendly service .
was n't greeted when i walked in .
we left the meal feeling gross .
awesome bar !
they came with seasoned salt on them and were just amazing .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .
this place is not like any other in the state .
great corned beef hash and delicious pancakes .
this includes two entrees , a pitcher of sangria , and an appetizer .
so while their service sucked , the donuts looked pretty good .
we just stood there and off he went !
great food great service and as always great wings !
i wish you guys the best !
most of the items looked like they had been sitting out for a while .
this place had awesome reviews and overall the whole family was pretty happy .
it 's very bright and cheerful here .
celebrated a friends birthday and she received a complimentary dessert which we all shared .
the miso soup was very below average .
will definitely be ordering more cakes from them !
disgusting .
we then could n't get our bill for anything .
such a cute and quaint ice cream place !
highly recommended .
mike and bob made the experience very pleasant .
horrible for the price , a huge disappointment .
the prices were fair , and i liked the `` free '' install .
we enter the laptop area and walked past five employees .
`` sorry , i got busy and forgot to put in your order . ''
some of the worst service i 've ever received .
great job guys !
great for fast food .
the staff here is absolutely wonderful and caring !
amazing !
great place for holiday decor .
it was turkey lunch meat and the bread was stale .
but it did all taste great ( the sodium definitely played a part ) .
the food is very good too .
i do n't usually review chain restaurants .
highly recommended .
if there was only an option for zero stars !
love this place .
soggy and bland tacos .
horrible service over _num_ minutes to get our food once we were seated .
not good customer service .
fun & friendly neighborhood wine bar .
the other servers walked past us as if we were invisible .
good people at this place , family operated .
always great service and food .
i think the food is worth it .
crap over priced education .
i didnt think anything was great about the place .
incredible dinner and presentation !
you 're the best !
the service was great and the food was as well .
this was a great find .
otherwise , we had a great visit and do plan to be back .
the worst part was the people that were there .
i love this place .
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .
they were quick , friendly , and did a great job .
heck , even the pizza is decent .
the staff here are fantastic .
i am disappointed in this aaa service .
avoid this place unless you like being ripped off .
price is great for the service !
the best local italian deli in scottsdale .
it was delicious and beautiful , exactly what we had wanted .
wow -- what a poor business on customer service and follow-up !
i hope to continue coming here for years to come .
i would definitely recommend this place .
just exceptional .
the office ladies are nice and work space is immaculately clean .
great food , great service , awesome slaw !
there are way better places around for thai or asian food .
the snack and water in the boat is super affordable unlike other boat rides .
a good place to go !
no pride in workmanship and no pride in selling an as advertised product .
they also share the same opinion .
little did we know , those _num_ drinks came up to fifty dollars .
wow , were we wrong !
i definitely think it 's worth a taste .
also it was not readily visible to customers entering the premises .
plus , everything goes on happy hour special prior to 6:30pm !
made me feel comfortable and finished the job early !
hopefully the next item i go everything runs smoothly .
my favorite place to get coffee !
these guys lost a customer today .
walked in and was immediately greeted and the food is wonderful !
treat yourself if you have not been to this wonderful caf !
everyone at the salon is super nice and helpful .
these guys are awesome !
walked in and smells like urine really bad .
thanks for the great help in a pinch !
based on that time only , i would give this place a _num_ .
we always recommend it to our visitors .
i am not sure if they treat everyone this way or just women .
love love love james elliot jewelry !
first , parking is a nightmare .
good job guys .
it 's simply one of the best places in town .
had a great time at this bar !
they should have left out the onions .
i am a big fan and loyal customer of grazie !
really good pizza !
the sausage is especially good .
sure enough , they were pleased to do that for me !
very nice room .
murphy roll is a warm roll that is definitely worth trying .
there is no better deal when it comes to quality cuts valley wide .
those health care employees need to spend some time cleaning up the hospital .
very clean , friendly staff , and affordable .
wonderful environment .
living here was so gross !
however the prices are n't that cheap .
and jeff does n't work there anymore .
beyond disappointed .
gary ca n't stand behind his warranty or his work .
mickey is the best !
service is pretty good .
this place is great !
as a professional traveler , this place is top of the pops .
i was told all _num_ will be dry cleaned .
the rooms are clean and spacious , and the bed is quite comfy !
way to stay in touch with your audience .
the staff was super friendly and welcoming .
i live in n. scottsdale and the service is always impeccable !
absolute garbage .
our new favorite .
even though the sandwiches were delicious , we are hesitant to return .
really liked this little gem .
even no it 's still wet everywhere !
then i notice that i only have half my order of grape leaves .
ca n't beat the price though .
flash forward to september , _num_ , more than three years later .
even in the room , i still could hear the music .
would definately not return !
price are a little high .
we ordered the shrimp cocktail appetizer and the shrimp were big and fresh .
and only cleared my plate we were clearly both done .
total brunch fail .
not even warm .
the waiter apparently did n't like the tip our host gave him .
i highly recommend this company and especially josh !
beef tacos are the best .
i tried several different steaks and was sorely disappointed every time .
however this time it was not the same .
i recommend eating outside .
good wings and pretty good building too .
he is honest and caring .
_num_ minutes later i go inside and ask for a refund .
actually went there two days in a row i love the place so much .
i was incredibly disappointed .
i highly recommend them .
the atmosphere was beautiful .
food and service have consistently been very good .
love it !
i ordered the eggs benedict , and my friend ordered chocolate chip pancakes .
just moved for a short time to az .
seriously good food .
i 'm a big fan of pei wei and this locations meets my expectations .
love this place , food is amazing !
just terrible .
i was drunk and i loved the white pizza with spinach .
great for a date and even better with a big group of people .
a must for anyone who loves sports and steak !
looking for a romantic dining experience with below average food ?
nobody standing in the lobby like normal and no wait .
perfect atmosphere for western style bar and grill .
that was definitely a good choice .
this place rocks .
however , i was sorely disappointed .
breakfast menu is terrible .
i had a very nice experience here .
they have great finds and the staff is very friendly .
see you soon brothers .
i went on to the register and left her talking .
the food and service are excellent and the atmosphere is calm and relaxing .
this is a large store , clean and well lit .
love this place !
will recommend to others .
took over _num_ mins to get _num_ burgers , and fries .
he is guaranteed to entertain you through the entire dining experience .
they have a wide variety of choices from drink to food .
service was great too !
never did try the ice cream or food because we left .
this office is horrible !
friendly , thorough , professional .
sorely disappointed in four peaks ' brunch .
i love this bookstore .
the service is definetly not so hot .
better than i anticipated .
their food tastes amazing , the prices are fair and the service is good .
the other day i ordered _num_ strawberry pancakes .
it 's so good !
the tempura was awful .
horrible customer service .
very attentive to the kids in our party .
great place to catch the game ... well any game really .
thank you !
i had the filet which was one of the best i 've recently had .
overall , the place was really bad .
this made me wonder what she 'd been doing for the last hour .
the price is a bit on the higher side , but well worth it .
they are the worst management company i have even dealt with .
yeah this place sucked .
my chicken was cold and i asked for vinaigrette not cesar dressing .
how hard is it really to get someone 's name right ?
the best dessert i 've ever had !
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !
always great service , and good food .
he is extremely kind and knowledgable .
great location .
it was too garlicky as well .
needless to say never visiting this office again .
honest help here .
safe to say i will b paying them off and finding a nicer dentist .
she did n't even look at me and said their are napkins right there .
best quality fish in the valley !
love love love this place .
i made the _num_ mile drive and was extremely pleased with what i received .
will definitely stay here again .
the emergency vet took great care of him and he survived the brutal attack .
we asked only _num_ questions and were met with curt responses .
after a few slices i wished i had had more of the salad bar .
our hotel , and our friends suggested this as the spot for breakfast .
excellent selection of beers from the area .
there was no wait here on a wednesday night around 7:30 !
i used this dental shop for over a year .
the crust is not new york style , it 's just regular hand tossed .
love it !
no thanks !
they are a class act all the way .
definitely recommend this dress shop in old town !
lots of unique flavors and the mac and cheese is a must !
scottsdale has to be the best vacation spot in america .
i really liked this one .
the salsa is n't so bad either .
the establishment is nice , they people are nice .
very personable and kind .
casual place , attentive service and the food i felt was a good value .
i would not order the pizza based on those facts .
the front desk folks were nice and efficient .
they told him he had no insurance and needed to pay $ _num_ .
thanks for being so trustworthy !
i 'm really disappointed .
the filet mignon that we got was very fatty .
i recommend the salmon volcano roll if you are on a date .
very flavorful .
thanks patricia .
i love their red chile .
the table was not wiped , and had crusty dried food spots on it .
it grew out , but did not chip and still looked really good .
the new mexican pot stickers are very excellent and well worth trying .
do n't waste your time .
such delicious and special little treats , and the dates are fantastic !
there were _num_ young men behind the counter .
we walked the entire amusement park in two minutes .
extremely upsetting dinner .
great choice for lunch or dinner .
my only problem , small case if food poisoning .
if found , please return .
overall the whole place looked very worn and dirty .
the prices are even better !
excellent customer service !
it 's a real treat .
stetson salad !
the delicious little rolls and muffins started this meal off right !
i love the slices !
the food here is uninspired , bland , and borderline gross .
highly recommend you visit and enjoy !
throughout the course of our meal , i think four servers served us .
excellent food .
delicious food !
i was fairly offended that i had just been called a liar .
love this place !
this has always been one of my favorite restaurants in scottsdale .
great pasta dishes , as well as sandwiches & soups .
the staff is always friendly and cheerful .
musty .
i had the meatloaf and the brown tomato gravy on top was fantastic .
the school is n't bad unless you need something from them .
i would honestly choose zero stars if i could .
waiter was good .
interesting food combinations that definitely please the taste buds .
it 's consistently good and relatively unique .
shame .
the service is what i always return for .
no apology , no grace or consideration .
these guys impressed at every turn .
went for happy hour with my love .
good ice cream , and a fun arcade in the back .
every time i have gone in , i see customers frustrated with the pumps .
the girl bar is beautiful and we are enjoying paint nite !
good job !
they are knowledgeable , professional , and friendly .
the worst company ever !
dr. hall and his team of assistance are the best !
an excellent cut of meat well prepared and melts in your mouth .
she is _num_ years old for god 's sake .
pizza as good as it gets .
if i could have a negative star i would !
however now i regret eating here seeing as the food and service were awful .
great family owned business and fantastic food .
my son loved it with his boots and hat and cowboy gun .
the bartender is the best you will find .
it was all great !
white trash people you now have another gathering spot besides the greyhound bus terminals .
keep up the good work !
very classy thai restaurant .
he moved it in for me without a problem .
this place is awesome !
great bar during spring training .
during the week , the staff is always super friendly & helpful .
food is fantastic and service is outstanding .
i 'd have to say that she is a true artist !
good time , check it out .
i highly recommend !
best lunch in town : their large italian sub with chips and a drink .
no way in hell i 'll ever go back .
all he said was no and i had closed the chat window .
it is amazing .
yum yum !
the most beautiful atmosphere in phoenix .
the next thing is the drink prices which are typically lousy for phoenix shows .
and let me tell you.
the wings and onions rings are always good too .
$ _num_ ?
only thing crazy about this place was the guy outside the front door .
great food , you never know who you might run into their .
we will not be using this location again .
it was absolutely beautiful !
so great .
thanks for the great service .
the crepes are sooo good and the bacon !
during my lease i went out of town for a total of _num_ weeks .
unfortunately , our experience with the food here was poor .
plenty of food , and very good .
ambiance was great .
the staff there is friendly , helpful , and knowledgeable .
very courteous , friendly and hardworking people .
very good italian food great happy hour .
for above and beyond service , its chandler auto body .
by the way , matt is a great and professional server !
the winter beer festival was just ok .
try their chile relleno , they are super !
i love their banana pancakes and my husband always enjoys his omelet of choice .
1st pot of coffee i got was cold .
this place is a treasure .
great physician that listens to your concerns .
my prime rib is always so good .
the stunning mountain views and landscaping .
i called , was put on hold and then hung up on .
decent food , but $ _num_ per person ?
my mother recommended this place and she was right on .
i spent a lot of money and was disappointed with the entertainment .
he is hung like a horse .
the prices are reasonable and the talent is tru ... .
it 's the freshest chinese food i 've seen or had in ages !
good selection to choose from as well .
i was left waiting in the store for almost half an hour .
did n't understand that episode .
i 'm very surprised to see these guys do n't have a higher rating .
very average , not great flavor , but not bad .
best mexican food we tried on our trip to phoenix .
so my wife and i had tickets to the 10pm show this past saturday .
a lil bit hard to find but this is my new favorite pizza place !
and btw , the place was very clean and our waitress was excellent !
the taste was not anything out of this world like i expected .
it was `` regular '' waffle and not belgian which was great !
the food was pretty good as was the service .
this place is very interesting .
plus my husband got sick a few days after eating .
it was our first time there with my fiance and the service was horrid .
tried breakfast here and was quite disappointed .
good job everyone !
many thanks to alicia for the recommendation .
i definitely recommend this place for good sushi .
pasta is also a great choice .
all were delicious and had generous portions .
avoid this place at all costs .
the burros are mouthwatering and the chimichangas are big and juicy !
_num_ of us ate lunch there yesterday .
bleh , sorry denny 's but i 'm not a fan .
decor is modern asian .
there is a host to show you around the spa .
took _num_ hours to eat , and the experience was less than memorable .
the egg drop soup smelled like a wet dog and looked pretty gross too .
not the restaurants problem but it was a sign .
and wow again .
this place is horrible - go somewhere else .
wow !
i highly recommend going here to anyone wanting a nice meal while in scottsdale .
the food was okay but expensive at least the oj was awesome .
i love this place .
i have never had such terrible service as we received at this place .
she is amazing .
very nice nail techs .
really really good bloody mary 's along really good food and service .
sometimes ordering from across the country leaves you just guessing and unsure .
definitely worth it .
not overwhelmed or surprised , but happy .
love love this place !
going on a weekday is recommended .
i ordered the shrimp tacos and they were definitely delicious !
would absolutely never recommend .
great job !
unfortunately there was not really anything else i could get excited about .
not worth it !
i also recommend the crispy spicy tuna and seared tuna .
honestly , i do n't mind the extremely expensive drinks at all .
great selection , nice staff .
they have good pizza and they deliver !
at the end of our meal , a manager died up .
where she thinks i was hiding a dog , i 'll never know .
a great place for a special night out .
the selection is diverse and the staff was very helpful .
thank you kelly and casey !
the service sucked again .
service was incredible , room service was great and i really enjoy the updates .
avoid this place at all cost .
food was delicious , nice part of town in the arts district .
would love to do this again !
... the food is delicious !
so i found this little market place serving mediterranean food .
the service was slow for a monday night !
the meal is supposed to come with a small salad and garlic bread .
also be prepared for him to forget that he took your order .
i love this company !
the meat tasted strange and i thought someone has put soap in my mouth .
wow !
i found the hotel staff to be very helpful and accommodating .
it always tastes amazing .
great grocery and wine selection too .
generally speaking , the hotel is `` ok '' .
i feel at home when i walk through the door and it smells clean .
they get some really good deal on fruits and they are never the same .
if i rated the italian food from 1-10 , it might get a _num_ .
( steak on risotto cake , so good ! )
their chicken salad is my favorite thing and their teriyaki chicken was delicious .
upgrade one star .
not worth it at all .
highly recommend the fish tacos , steak or salmon .
great posole - and the kids love their bean and cheese burritos .
great little bar ... .
i had the sashimi and a roll and i regret it .
fast service and good hours .
the worst part was the service .
the loose leaf tea is great .
they obviously did n't know what was going on .
pastor is very energetic .
he is an embarrassment to all of us who work in guest services .
however , the portions were very small .
good ole fashion diner breakfast , brunch and lunch .
outstanding !
it was truly italian and huge - easily enough for _num_ .
fills up on big game days .
i recommend this place for the food and service .
nice patio to sit .
i found the beer menu surprisingly limited and uninspired .
thank you for making a visit to your salon so wonderful !
`` really good food .
their salad bar is extensive and the food is fresh .
every person that i compliment there teeth went to this practice !
bandera is amazing .
they were very professional and honest .
the band was super entertaining as well as the crowd .
always fun to shop with you !
this place had the rudest customer service , it was horrible !
the atmosphere is extremely nice inside .
highly disappointed !
the cheese they use on the cheesesteak really makes it .
papago 's own brews are fantastic .
we received prompt service .
service is always wonderful , even the waitress in training was great !
the bagel sandwich was warm and tasted good and a little overpriced .
even with a reservation , you have to wait _num_ minutes to get seated .
very happy with the results .
i went here because my favorite pho soup restaurant was closed .
service is friendly and the atmosphere is casual .
there are two long disgusting hairs in my burger .
they were almost over the top and trying to hard .
this place is great !
appointments are easy to make and hours are convenient .
i have yet to find one better .
just stay away .
the prices are great .
every dish was flavorless .
never going back .
_num_ ) .
from the appetizer , dinner , dessert and fabulous wine .
ugh , i 'm done with this place .
the others are just ok .
friendly helpful staff , relaxing vibe .
by contrast the bar lounge area was rather busy .
tiny did my hair and abby did my nails .
pork ribs perfectly done .
a little customer service goes a long way .
absolutely love this place .
great garlic mashed too .
the sushi had way too much rice , three times the normal .
we count on joe 's for some of the best pizza in town .
they were not shy with ingredients , and i thought their food was delicious .
i love their pork belly dishes !
well you should !
the waitress had a dull personality and knew nothing about the menu .
great family run full service auto repair and tire center .
this chicago import is a keeper !
we recommend him without reservation .
not my fave place .
i would go back , but i do n't think i would eat here .
be prepared to wait as this is a very popular place .
this is the best salon i 've ever been to .
quite disappointed .
delicious !
nothing too tough .
thank you for everything .
excellent customer service !
good people , excellent food , no matter what you order .
our server was really nice , talkative , and informative .
i was first in line for the past _num_ to _num_ min .
rumors is an awesome salon .
very friendly .
i love their antipasto salad !
nasty , i will not be coming here again .
um , hello , how is that fair ?
love it !
was it the greatest breakfast of all time ?
in addition , don is a kind man and cares about the restaurant .
steak cooked wrong , under temp .
only breakfast was average .
excellent food and great service .
i then called goodyear back to let them know what the dealership said .
i just had my birthday gathering at this fun and easy going bar .
a pork chop with one bite out of it .
friendly staff .
tip him hard if that 's your dude !
hence on one hole we did n't know which direction to hit the ball .
the service is good .
$ _num_ ?
plus the garbage was overflowing .
the service was poor .
he 's always quick and is a nice guy .
they also have some of the best wings out there .
be prepared to wait for up to an hour , but well worth it .
their employees do n't even know how to do their job .
was told its _num_ cents more because it is a royal blizzard .
small shop usually with some cool stuff .
it was a total treat .
they have less than ten , albeit their own .
the main dish was soggy and salty .
i ordered the tempura ice cream then and shared with my friends .
do not use this franchise .
a fine experience .
i 'd trust her with my hair anytime !
our favorite however is their fantastic chicago style pizza !
seriously amazing food !
just a great local business and i would highly recommend them to anyone .
still loving this place !
i also love the ambience .
attended _num_ for my associates in pastry .
no way , no how .
this is a good market to find food items from all across asia really .
crappy donuts .
they have a great selection of british and irish beers on tap .
the hot and sour soup is both original and memorable .
it said it had pine nuts , arugula , red onions and red peppers .
yum yum !
we are regulars and enjoy the garlic bread and special dishes of the night .
cant win them all !
fluffy , always cooked to perfection and delicious .
the best thai food in the valley .
best machaca ever and green corn tamales !
definitely coming again .
overall , i 've made better vegan food at home .
love this place !
i do not recomend this store to any one .
the show dragged on .
furthermore , the soup was too thick and was more like a stew .
_num_ minutes later i got my to go food .
all steaks were over cooked with one side somehow missing the grill completely .
great customer service and very reasonable prices !
that 's a denny 's mistake .
a very dark and quaint bar in old town .
this is the best , most honest and great company .
enjoyed our salads , entrees and especially the butter cake !
wo n't be returning , unfortunately .
so what was the remedy again ?
first , it was extremely small .
great food !
you 're simply wonderful .
on the bill she did change the charge to meatball ... .
very high quality food .
team are real pros and always follow through .
good stage and bands .
we are somewhat new to the valley and bought a home here last summer .
the rigatoni were overcooked and the cheese was bitter and just not good .
joe 's tires saved the day !
the chicken was sooooo dry .
nice simple decor .
excellent food , excellent service .
good food .
awesome neighborhood joint .
i mean really sucked .
this chef is as creative and focused on flavor as any in the state .
went for lunch on sunday .
bandera - i love you .
not sure i 'll try it again .
the service is quick and friendly , _num_ .
the classic pastrami , fish sandwich and the sweet potato fries are top notch .
he is a fantastic bike technician and a super nice guy .
great service from the guys here at pep boys .
the service is always fast and friendly whether in the restaurant or delivered .
still , i will go back .
i 'm so glad that she 's here in the valley !
we had a large event dinner and show here and it turned out good .
i was very disappointed in the services here .
our service was wonderful .
how disgusting .
best pizza i have eaten in years .
always fresh and always good over hundreds of trips !
also the mini chimichangas were great .
the friendly owners and staff make the dining experience extra special !
i do n't know why it was such a miss for them tonight .
the orange blossom is my new favorite ... yum !
workers are very friendly and place is very clean .
not pleased .
i will definitely go here again !
the do not honor the firestone warranty .
the food is amazing and a wonderful surprise to a bar atmosphere !
the manager was worse .
the longest wait time posted was _num_ minutes .
i wish i could give this `` college '' a negative review .
the staff is not that friendly and they all seem to look quite dirty .
love coming here .
they did n't tell us that when they served it to us .
great person to have as your go to guy !
the waitresses are mostly hot , and really nice .
dry and a bit stale bread and the gyro meat was dry .
it 's amazing what a difference good people make .
the worst customer service i have ever experienced at any car shop .
all of the food is homemade and delicious .
the staff is always friendly and happy to help you with whatever you need .
the big ass burger is incredible .
love it !
no one called me back .
recommend the shrimp fried rice .
it was over fried and very hard .
just had one of the best lunches ever .
wo n't be back .
they make their own fresh bread , and use quality meats and cheeses .
the chili dog was bland .
love going here for breakfast .
worst service of my life !
we tried to get answers , to no avail .
( did i want a chicken parm with pasta ?
i had a carne asada burro and the others had chicken and beef enchiladas .
great food !
i wish i could say nice things all the way around .
whoever runs this place needs to take it easy .
it is awesome !
being one of the few tables few did provide for amazing service .
great family place !
so there you have it , no customer service and no organization .
thanks again !
their hot sauce alone is worth the drive .
absolutely the best persian restaurant in arizona .
great selection , knowledgeable bartenders and eclectic patrons .
i do n't know what was going at the bar .
highly recommend .
heads must roll ; it 's the only way to get right with us .
but it 's not really .
great food !
thumbs up all the way !
shrimp is super fresh & huge .
& my brother is very happy with his gift .
everything else was great .
it 's what you make it .
i highly recommend this salon !
waters were already served when we sat down .
perhaps the first one done well in many experiences .
rest of meal came out great .
the dining area is on the small side but really gives the restaurant character .
they are still in pretty rough shape -- -- use caution at this salon !
it seemed like everything was just cooked too hot .
no selection .
food reasonable but extremely long wait with no explanation !
they are over priced .
he did give us $ _num_ back , and he was friendly .
he 's been my doctor for five years now and i highly recommend him .
i went into the meal expecting big things but i was sadly disappointed .
the food on its own gets five stars .
i just visited this spa yesterday and was not too happy .
any flavor you get tastes amazing !
i love this place .
food was ok nothing special .
my favs are a lot of their spicy sauces and curries .
this place is clean with great shows , cast and crew .
excellent stylist and demeanor .
food is great !
fun bar .
they brought me a burger with bun and cheese so i sent it back .
i mean seriously , how hard it so to make a phone call ?
besides , this is not even persian from reading the menu .
overall i would definitely recommend and i will be going back .
first let me say great service !
love their pizzas !
_num_ stars for ambiance .
this restaurant is way over priced for the quality of food presented .
the service is the worst .
excellent place to have a pizza .
_num_ drink minimum , but do n't order a double .
unfortunately when i need az aaa they let me down .
unless your _num_ or older you should avoid this place .
it was n't worth it .
service here is just as great at other nordstrom locations .
amazing for the slightly cold nights .
he is incredibly thorough and extremely intelligent .
we had a great tour .
this was our second time visiting the restaurant for lunch .
_num_ min later my food shows up even though i have n't paid .
i was so disappointed i could n't stand it .
how ridiculous .
great little place .
but that was nothing compared to the haircut .
do not recommend which is too bad because we love supporting small local businesses .
disgusting !
not only were the tubs very dirty but they did a horrible job .
if i could give this place zero stars i would .
they have really great happy hour drink and food specials .
everyone seemed to enjoy their food , i know we did .
she was so polite and kind .
we sat inside where there was only _num_ other table occupied .
i would give dave and penske the highest marks !
this level of service is seldom found in this day and age .
the gold brick dessert was pretty good , but the chocolate was very frozen .
the dinning experience is great !
never dry and always well marinated .
the food that was recommended by the staff was terrible .
i should 've known better than to eat out at a mexican food place .
everything was tasty !
a really nice woman gave me my pedicure and was very gentle and thorough .
she made me feel very comfortable and welcome in the store .
service was excellent .
the food was spectacular and the service top notch .
went here for restaurant week and it was a very special experience .
wonderful !
they often have a groupon deal too which is nice for extra savings .
great staff , and we 'll be back !
went here on a groupon type deal .
the food was served in steam trays and was very unappetizing to start with .
go see taj !
my first full body massage ever and it was amazing !
the staff is awesome and i love it .
the staff is always professional and so welcoming to their customers and guests .
food was excellent ... .
great western bar in old town scottsdale .
if i could honestly give asu a lower rating i would !
it is n't expensive at all and the staff is so nice .
it was a delicious combination .
keep it up sanctuary !
awesome value .
most were very bland while others were just bad .
looking for an elegant way to spend a delightful afternoon ?
will definitely be back and would recommend to anyone !
this place is amazing .
the room was spacious and very comfortable .
she is also rude .
it was worse than dealing with my ex wife .
estimated _num_ % chance your order will be wrong in some way .
do not pay them any $ up front , it will be lost .
we come here to play video games and the kids just love it !
the staff is well trained and attentive , and the menu is diverse .
ray is a great guy !
tl ; dr : foods good , depressing environment .
$ _num_ for a bread basket that you get for free everywhere else ?
prices are amazing and the selection is incredible !
very disappointed .
the kids program is great my _num_ year old loves going to sunday school .
dr. cook and the staff are great .
i did n't bother to show up since no one had called me back .
dinner was amazing !
keep up the good work .
people seemed to have passion in what they do ... i respect that !
also ordered the hummus and eggplant dip which was very tasty .
cute little place but the decor really needs updating .
granted these were fairly minimal and normally i would have bought the top regardless .
the food is not good .
the store is pretty small but has a warm feeling to it .
cannelloni stuffed with the most delicious , melt in your mouth chicken and veal .
a party of eight came in after us and left _num_ minutes before us .
the sauce , cheese , crust is all very good .
very authentic italian food .
love this place !
the whole place is well taken care of by the maintenance .
it was really good !
thanks east valley tire !
i love this place .
soon !
we were however disappointed after the experience .
it brings back a lot of memories of christmas growing up .
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .
i 've worked in costumer service so i tried to be polite .
he asked me why and i told them all you have is carbs .
really friendly service also .
they had lots of friendly staff on hand to check everyone in .
they also have good coffee and decent prices .
prices were low , but so was the quality of the food .
this was not bulgogi .
no big deal .
ok , ordered drinks , then food .
great place to have prime rib and ribs .
i come here for a sandwhich or sub that 's truly unique .
they were great !
best in the area for excellent authentic italian food .
ugh it gets so busy during the peak hours .
love and miss this place .
slaw ( deli style ) tart and sweet at the same time ... .
i would give this _num_ star if i could .
the kid is definitely odd and a bit rude , i.e .
pretty impressive !
they also offer take out and the pizza 's are great !
wo n't be back .
my favorite go-to slice is the delicious white pizza with spinach and tomato !
took my mom here on a whim for her birthday .
seriously , just put a tiny drop on the tip of each nail .
help was great .
not on the invoice nor from `` mary . ''
looked online for a laptop and checked availability .
food was mediocre , service was horrible !
overall pretty darn good .
not to mention that the mixed drinks here are really expensive .
its hot as hell in here !
i would not recommend him for your use as a general practice do .
i know good hummus and this is it !
food sucked horrible overall !
all the delivery guys are rad and super nice .
mimi 's cafe has a very comfortable vibe .
indeed , there was history in this restaurant and on the walls .
dropped off _num_ chairs and gave them specific instructions .
the food is fresh & tasty !
no uniforms or name tags on staff .
good experience , beautiful views ; would recommend .
very friendly people very quick service tasty food .
i could n't even finish my meal .
i was unable to get a bite down without a drink .
the staff are all very friendly and helpful , explaining everything .
not much selection here and a lot of dried food items .
super casual spot .
how cool is this tiny spot ?
decently priced menu , and very cool bar and drink menu .
i ordered chicken and broccoli and it taste just like fish .
the quality of food is just great .
the real reason for the low stars is that the treatments were mediocre .
also , they put sesame seeds on their bread .
the entrees are amazing .
really cool place for drinks .
all in all it was great experience and i would eat there again .
terrible food .
it 's well kept , clean and friendly .
i worked in pizza biz do by this time there was probably one driver .
i called and josh made us an appt for the very next day .
superb service that flows with the typical services at the sanctuary !
the food was mediocre at best .
the pizza here is way above par !
the owners are very friendly as well .
defalco 's is consistently delicious .
i wo n't go back .
the waitress was a little very sweet and did a great job .
the costumer service is great .
if you live here , you only get one assigned covered parking space .
and after a few bites i realized the dough was still raw .
great food !
i highly recommend this bar !
one of the two final plates was loaded with cheese that was requested held .
would absolutely recommend for anyone who wants amazing cantonese cuisine in scottsdale .
sad , this place used to be good .
we tried everything thing they had out and everything was really good .
great baked goods made from such a great staff that goes above expectations .
the place is very low key and the music is great .
everyone has reported a good experience .
_num_ stars .
here 's the worst part ... .
after about another _num_ minutes , he comes over by the waiting area .
ice cream here is light tasting , but the toppings make it delicious !
we will definitely be going back for more .
great food and reasonable prices .
quality meats , breads , ingredients !
i 'll definitely be back to see her in december !
damn another bar with no kitchen ?
dr. price & his staff are very friendly & helpful !
it did .
$ _num_ for an adult ticket gets you absolutely nothing .
this was our first time having someone outside the family cut his hair .
and , rude counter help does n't help at all ... .
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .
bottom line , we wo n't be visiting here again .
check out this great hidden gem in scottsdale !
very clean .
overall though they do a great job .
i love their sushi and lunch specials .
i told him he never mentioned that the $ _num_ was a cash price .
i 'm definitely not bothering to come back here .
everything came out hot and was tasty !
the dj was super entertaining which made it even more fun !
they tell me it 's going to be 30-40 minutes for delivery .
was i really just served cold duck confit ?
poor ambience .
the food is typical english food , heavy and greasy .
great employees !
i would give it _num_ stars if i could .
great service !
oh well ... welcome to scottsdale .
thank you and well done !
great scottsdale location , not too far from old town .
i highly recommend them .
my two year old was happily on his feet the whole time !
just had the most delicious bbq chicken pizza in old town scottsdale !
overall , i probably wo n't be back in the near future .
sad because they have a nice location but the wrong staff .
she already seemed irritated but apparently my question put her over the edge .
i am so disappointed .
very fair and reasonable with the cost of their services .
thank you !
i will most definitely do that !
what happened today is unacceptable .
left very full and surprised at the quality of the food .
great selection and awesome customer service , a+ in my book !
great food and great service !
i am not just some college girl who wants a tattoo on spring break .
a beautiful , cozy , arts center in downtown scottsdale .
pleasantly surprised .
without the view , this restaurant would not make it .
good variety .
nothing special there .
the service is great too and they keep the place clean as well .
that makes me and my wallet very happy .
nothing is even close to as good as it once was .
i loved the large rooms ( suites ) at this place !
i 'd definitely recommend this little cruise .
it 's a seamless process .
amazing local bands and cheap booze .
this place has awful customer service and a bad attitude .
this place is awesome !
not the best walmart around .
my husband got the bird omelet which i tasted and yuck .
i see molly and she is a doll !
such a family restaurant !
awesome !
this place has a huge selection .
avoid !
i 'm sorry to say , nothing was that delicious or memorable .
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .
paul is a great manager and his special effort shows !
with so many other sushi choices , it 's not a destination of choice .
the marquee is not how one should work .
i love their purse department and especially since they added the high-end purses .
the bathroom setup is probably worth a trip if only to check it out .
once again i waited on hold for _num_ minutes before i gave up .
i 'm definitely coming back here !
highly recommend all the sun devil auto family for their superb service .
lots of shops to browse and shows to see .
thanks again for all your hard work .
blt steak ... .
we will definitely be back .
it is definitely my favorite , but everything here is good !
cheese steak sub was one of best ever .
hot fresh tortilla wrapped goodness .
salad was boring .
great food .
i love this market .
however i stayed on the bottom .
despite the heat , we had a fantastic time !
great service , prices ( esp .
love this place !
thrown into the trash , nothing good about it .
the food is also always delicious , especially the chicken club and sushi .
i was very pleased !
that 's a _num_ yr old !
service was very good .
also the hash browns were buttery and very very good .
it is small but jam packed full of goodies .
pathetic !
this was my first time using lewis appliance and it was a fantastic experience .
very nice views .
this place is one of the best steakhouses i have been to .
the pizza was a thick pan and the crust was fantastic .
this place rocks !
the welcome is warm but not in your face .
wow !
what a cool place to check out .
we sat at a choice table to enjoy the sunset .
researched and looked online at availability .
what an expensive mistake !
service was good , food was really good !
i 'm here again , and was greeted with the same very friendly service .
this location is absolutely top notch .
not much flavor .
that is part of doing this job correctly .
he is so nice and make you feel like you are in good hands .
very clean property , and the staff is friendly .
great service every time we 've been here !
the best seafood in arizona great atmosphere .
amazing !
he would not be in until after _num_ pm , i was told .
amazing !
contact me to offer to refund the higher fee ?
but their food , really is impressive .
the retail was $ _num_ .
by far the worst experience shopping today .
horrible service , good food though .
excellent food , we go here a few times a month .
the food booth offerings are terrible and overpriced .
this was more just pouring red pepper in my mouth .
this place used to be a lot better .
i am truly grateful there are still good people out there .
well , that 's the last night that this restaurant will be opened .
i went on a business dinner with _num_ of us and service was great .
my wife got the chicken parmesan which was also very good .
i recommend mark kia , mark kia !
on the way out , we met manager nick .
fried artichokes were alright but pricy for what it is .
best doughnuts around and the people are so sweet .
generally the afternoons have the most inexperienced and poorly trained staff .
very rude , not deserving of our business .
most recently we took my dad there for his birthday and it was great !
i will not be back .
i have had better pizza and better customer service .
unacceptable .
are u kidding me ?
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
the ice cream is excellent , yummy and lots of choices and affordable .
the true joy of italian life .
my new rating is zero .
that is completely unethical and makes me sick that a company would do this .
the ambience was very dark and smelled of sanitation .
great finds for great deals !
a very peaceful place .
the sushi , was sushi , i guess .
their pricing is very fair and the service has been good .
thank you and see you next time .
shea was so helpful and she had great advise to give .
restaurant is clean food is fresh and flavorful .
instead , nothing .
the walls are that thin .
it is now saturday and my nails are already starting to peel .
gross .
i really love this place !
do not waste your time like i have done .
hell if i know !
better than chain fast food .
my hubby and i checked it out the other day while in the area .
great place to take out of town guests , or for date night .
also , the food is overpriced .
my dogs are like family and they get the best care .
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .
always relaxed .
still it 's always consistent , always just great !
it felt nice to walk into a dive bar to watch the show .
worst combination for a chicken sandwich .
best donuts in the the world in my humble opinion .
thank you very kindly for your good service !
lastly the deserts are a special treat .
he is always honest and fair .
disappointing since i was expecting a four star experience .
i absolutely love their service .
not going back there again or any red lobster !
very nice atmosphere , great staff love the pizza very reasonably priced .
the meatloaf , salad , enchiladas are top notch .
this is n't the first time .
patio is super nice for brunch .
the ambiance was nice but everything else was downhill .
the bad : time from seating to water was _num_ minutes .
one gorgeous scottsdale evening and wandered into sugar bowl .
however , not all pizzas are offered till 3am .
_num_ cents more .
this restaurant is class !
happy valentines day .
also great for lunch .
the first time my ex got food poisoning over a salad .
what a wonderful little gem tucked away in mesa !
even with the pet names , al is a wonderful asset to the team .
friendly service and smiles .
thats what really turned me off .
parking can be challenging at times but it is worth it .
great classic italian restaurant !
bad food .
the service was friendly , even if our waitress forgot to bring pitas .
delicious !
if you 're in the scottsdale area it 's a must .
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .
the stuffed pork chop was very good and so were the short ribs .
the food is really greasy and lacks flavor .
i spent $ _num_ on 1/4 a box !
enjoy the beautiful lake and have a fabulous meal .
they were very friendly , knowledgeable , and explained everything to me in detail .
again got the stupid look .
service was slow .
thank you !
we always have a good time with friends , drinks and plenty of food .
now , our washing machine is broken .
these folks are so friendly and offer great , reasonably priced service .
bad food .
these people are slow and lack the technology to print a variety of documents .
bread was fresh and soft .
i love this places breakfast burritos !
really cute furniture and accessories shop in downtown mesa .
must be patient ... .
no wonder we had so many roaches .
the meat looked grey and the bun was very thick .
service- this is by far the worst thing about this restaurant .
she shaved the hair off and looked it it for a long time .
worst fried rice i 've ever had !
my daughter and i had such a great time !
horrible .
this was a great way to start and end our evening .
very cool place .
every one was friendly ... great atmosphere .
the wine and drinks are above average , with an above average price tag .
i have also got some nice jewelry and shoes during this sale .
if you like beer , you 'll love papago .
great service everytime !
sangria was more juice less wine .
we had a party of _num_ and they had excellent service .
my kids love all of the teachers .
this was the worst del taco ever !
very friendly and helpful staff .
a teacher walked by and she told her what was happening .
horrible service , rude manager i made reservations on monday for saturday .
she was rude , she was nasty , and she smelled something awful !
hits the spot as an old school mexican joint .
thanks guys !
their staff is great .
good service , fair prices .
awesome food !
loved the grilled corn and pork chops !
the golf course is really nice .
love their lemon soup and gyro sandwiches with homemade pitas and wonderful greek salad !
the best sea food restaurant in the area .
i would definitely recommend his office to anyone !
in fact , it had no flavor the sauce lacked any zip to it .
i really wish i would have done the research prior to giving them business .
i thought i was going to be sick .
first off , the shop is the size of a shoe box .
patio seating is very nice .
thanks for saving when we need you the most !
the sushi always come out fresh and delicious .
food is always great .
real bagels with the perfect texture .
the waiters are very energetic .
_num_ ) totally chill vibe for the primo location !
this is as good as it gets if you are in old town !
this place gives mexico a bad name .
wow !
bonus for my friends that drink .
wo n't be back unless i 'm returning what i bought .
nearly everything we tried was incredibly good .
this place has amazing food , i had the fried shrimp and oysters .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .
but the tortillas were really good and service was good too .
it was paired with corn and grits and the combination was outstanding .
bad food , but lots of it .
rude !
at the time we were using the spare tires i just put on .
so yummy !
best hair cut i have ever gotten .
i will recommend .
the service quite good .
i love love love my hair .
this place has the worst service you can imagine !
i left in tears because i was n't able to get my teeth cleaned .
when i asked for the manager i was hung up on .
great food , fantastic atmosphere , cold beer , friendly crowd and staff .
from the beginning the maintenance has been a complete nightmare .
for the $ _num_ a piece i 'd say it 's worth it .
steer clear , you can find better places to work with .
very good !
i love having such a great place so close to home !
sadly , this was the year i brought _num_ friends with us .
i love this place !
great decor and friendly staff .
he is the best , most helpful employee !
they are rude and inattentive .
its actually quite disgusting .
decent food , however , will not return .
the location is great too !
don and charlie 's restaurant is a must if your at spring training .
the ambiance is perfect for a nice quiet date .
my favorite neighborhood restaurant .
gave it a try twice , will not come back .
traditional new york pizza , yum !
horrible service , good food .
i think i will stick to the nicer area starbucks from now on .
favorite place now that i permanently live here now .
drinks , way over priced .
everything taste good and there mimosas are off the chain !
this place is super cute and extremely pink .
the guy that did my acrylics was as rude as they come .
add red sauce with each bite and you 'll be absolutely in burrito heaven !
i ordered one thing today around _num_ with no line in the drive through .
the pies are awesome !
$ _num_ ] this place was a huge disappointment for my wife and self .
then they act like they ca n't be bothered with you or your problems .
went here with some friends - cute ambiance and good food .
and i love got sushi .
appetizers came with our dinner which of course should n't .
will be back !
you can sense god moving and working in this place .
it is pretty large , and bright and beautiful .
the resort is absolutely gorgeous and the staff is extremely accommodating and friendly .
it ruined the calzone for me altogether .
does each visit really have to take _num_ and a half hours ?
the service is good .
i 've always had fast and friendly service here .
she said _num_ more minutes , _num_ minute later we got seated .
he answered , `` you wo n't get in anywhere , i recommend nothing .
took my car there they are very honest .
it was disgusting .
this time was even worse .
her attitude just just just made me disgusting .
still do not like the service here .
the stuff looks like its been sitting there since _num_ .
gross !
great happy hour , great pizza and killer lasagne .
but ... personality does not a good chinese restaurant make .
let 's just say it was a complete disappointment when arrived .
it was a good night .
for the price that i paid , i guess that 's to be expected .
and it was n't an inexpensive visit either .
food was alright , but definately not the best .
very welcoming and accommodating !
but in the mean time , they would not give me my car .
i highly recommend pinnacle peak eye care .
not much to say about this old little hole in the wall .
that is not the case anymore .
everyone who i 've ever taken there has always loved it !
in short , do not trust these people with your dogs .
the ladies that work there were old and not very friendly .
always a pleasant and easy experience at raintree .
friendly staff & really nice , clean facilities .
a classic scottsdale staple .
overall really good fun experience and will definitely be back .
the table we were sat at was really small and smashed into a corner .
i was pleased .
great food and very reasonable prices .
the worst steak i 've ever had .
when i got the pizza home it just looked sparse on toppings .
wo n't be going back .
our waitress was anything but friendly and not very patient with us .
there are many great mexican places in scottsdale , so skip this one .
super friendly !
customer service is nonexistent at this location .
the service since has continued to be excellent : fast , attentive and friendly .
it 's very bland and nothing to write home about .
this place is authentic and will satisfy your urge for great bbq .
just to be clear im the only other customer here right now .
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .
great location , if you 're from out of town !
this place has a really neat menu .
perfect stay for out of town business and meeting with clients .
fortunately , i 've found an amazing tailor at zizzo .
it is a family owned an operated place .
he is so nice and so kind .
they were very good .
the atmosphere is fun and the bartenders rock !
i stopped in for chicken this week .
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
not even worth a free stay next time .
my husband had a pancake breakfast with bacon and enjoyed it .
looked like a nice place but did n't want to deal with crappy service .
i wish them luck .
i took it back in , and the mechanic was very apologetic .
the quality of the food was less than mediocre for high prices .
food here is always good !
my favorite restaurant in the country .
great bagels !
my wife had two massages and thoroughly enjoyed both of them .
perfection !
worth a stop just for that .
this is a family run restaurant that takes pride in it 's delicious food .
my friends and i come here quite often .
always a nice relaxed atmosphere at the dd .
love these stores .
shower barely had hot water .
and the seafood enchiladas were great !
so yeah , new tires , very exciting !
amazing !
far too expensive for such small portions and mediocre food .
i have not had a good experience at this place .
i left feeling refreshed and pampered .
love barros !
the staff are nice and friendly and the office is nice .
this place always makes me happy .
i was pleased with their service .
thanks to fred !
i truly enjoyed the experience !
the variety on the menu is outstanding .
mmmmm good .
i absolutely love this place .
worst dining experience ever .
seats are comfortable , if not luxurious .
i could n't find an italian in the place .
highly recommend this clinic .
very disappointed .
i absolutely love the stetson chopped salad .
she stated some one would be with us shortly .
a wide variety of nice steaks , ribs , and other tasty grilled meats .
totally rude behavior , i guess they have too many customer .
everything else was just edible .
would not recommend scottsdale plaza resort to anyone .
he left the room and i 'm pretty sure he forgot about me .
good selection of stuff , service is nice .
really decent portion size and constantly delicious .
it actually was one of the worst mixed drinks i 've ever had .
price ... a little high but worth the $ imo .
we ordered the guacamole to start , and it was tasty but massive .
nice staff , clean place .
the rellenos are so so sinful !
i will definitely go back .
the sales associate insisted free alterations are included with every purchase .
the food is worth any wait !
definitely check it out .
we been here couple times and we will come back here for sure .
i honesty did n't want to eat the whole thing .
the boat was comfortable and we were lucky enough to have great weather .
it 's amazing !
i had two bridesmaids dresses altered perfectly and had fun in the process .
the fried rice is boring and the food is kind if salty .
i love it !
and again the food is excellent .
and so many different kinds !
i will not be returning .
quite possibly the 2nd best pizza i have ever had .
overall , very satisfied with ra .
i have never enjoyed or appreciated a dentist more !
the thin crust style is amazing and consistent with each pie .
great place highly recommend !
below average food , neighborhood bar atmosphere and service with attitude .
great service .
ra is a great sushi staple in the valley .
wow !
the crust is tasteless & the quality just is n't there .
is it possible to go below _num_ star ?
ruins the meal .
i thought it was very authentic british .
my favorite mexican restaurant ever .
went to pay for bear course and it was almost _num_ per person .
fantastic gyros , amazing fries and mushrooms !
you are horrible at your job and do n't know how to handle people .
the hot is more like medium , so order accordingly .
the dish came very fast ( _num_ minutes ) and the service was great .
and the coffee just is not that good .
classic scottsdale dive bar .
depressing atmosphere , poor quality food , very small portions , but high prices .
in the past year i have had such bad pizza from vito 's .
this is one of my favorite places to eat for breakfast !
good , fun , clean place in a nice location .
now that 's customer service !
sounds to me like she just wants my money .
the homemade tortillas so so good .
now the place is always empty .
i know you will find him charming , knowledgeable and fun to talk to .
they said my works pizza and drinks would arrive in about 30-45 mins .
great office !
i would definitely recommend this to others as a great place for lunch .
the meat was really chewy and the vegetables were mushy .
love this place !
she was clueless on how to shape them .
nothing like great tortillas to make everything taste good .
bring back the other band !
the place was clean and looked very elegant , a real surprise .
cute store , nicest employees that seem to enjoy and love what they do .
this repair shop comes highly recommended !
i responded , `` ah , what time is it ?
great environment , excellent food , and great service .
i got a sample and it was so good .
it was n't worth it .
i sit down and peruse yelp reviews .
great family fun for only $ _num_ .
love this store !
imagine amazingly fluffy pancakes , with a little heat and aftertaste of the jalapenos .
the wings are small and not worth the money .
the prices are also very reasonable .
oh well , off to see if planet fitness is any better .
and he is the man !
no fresh pasta to be seen .
great food totally worth the extra few bucks you would save some where else .
i 've only been here for dessert and had great service !
god ai n't no joke people .
this office is very friendly and efficient !
super friendly and all the kids seemed to like it .
tons of fun !
that 's unacceptable .
it was hearty and flavorful !
she did pay half the vet bill in a somewhat timely manner .
he is great to work with and his quality of product is amazing !
really friendly staff with a fairly clean place .
the food was delicious .
i was not happy with their mobile battery service .
this is a very traditional american style buffet .
the margarita chicken was dry and had little flavor .
i love the happy hour menu and prices .
poor service and was not impressed by the food .
one of the best italian grinders i 've experienced .
they have quality food and i love everyone that works here !
wow !
this time the woman , was extremely rude .
great cut at a great price .
salsa is always good the hot & the mild .
every single time i 've gone the service has been awful .
for another _num_ minutes at least !
the smoked mozzarella is unique .
the wings rule .
the service we had was exceptional .
i do not recommend people go to that state farm .
so , he quickly cut that out and put in a new pipe .
thank you ryan and alexis !
this place is awesome .
very disappointing .
great italian food .
it was not melted or seared in as i was expecting .
amazing pineapple shrimp salad and avocado roll .
definitely would recommend this place for seafood lovers !
it 's worth it for a buddy system !
i wo n't patron it again .
hopefully i 'll enjoy it just as much !
a true gem in old town that most overlook .
i am glad i did , i enjoyed myself and was so relaxed .
okay , perhaps _num_ is a slight ( gross ? )
this place was horrible , service was the worst i 've ever had !
he appreciated it as much as i do .
good stuff !
we have been loyal aaa customers for over _num_ years .
i ordered the lunch beef and broccoli and it was very tasty .
the spaghetti was stuck together like it was sitting out for hours .
the dining room could use some updating , service is generally good .
great beer menu and great pizza .
it seems like they need more cashiers .
this layout is horribly inconvenient .
_num_ bucks for a taco plate , no thanks !
yeah for frys !
the staff has always been accessible and have created a wonderful learning environment .
the man working gave me strange looks and never apologized .
probably the best filet i 've had .
i always feel like a movie star when i leave with gorgeous hair .
we used them only because it was who our home warranty company sent out .
- avoid this place like the plague .
the best place i have ever eaten in arizona friendly staff .
two words : real crab .
the meat was marinated perfectly and tasted amazing .
this einstein was a terrible experience .
wo n't be back .
i should have listened to papa .
i would recommend him to everyone .
always great service and fantastic food .
when my sushi arrived the bartender brought out the soy sauce .
i would not recommend this place for anyone .
awesome food and really great service !
the service is always good and their other entrees are n't bad either .
lovely atmosphere and right down to the bread and vinegar everything was wonderful .
certainly !
here it 's like hell .
thank you so much for a great cut and superior service !
even my _num_ year old son said so upon his first bite .
i have to say - top notch service and great food .
the whole team is so professional , immaculate and amazing .
courtney is a fantastic bartender !
so good !
love this place !
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
yum yum !
happy hour is pretty bomb at this place .
the mac and cheese was great , too !
cheap dried up luke warm meet .
i did n't even get in .
are n't these people the dentists ?
i probably will not be going back for a long while .
the food is delicious .
its old , dirty and you will never get your security deposit back .
this is my favorite spot in downtown chandler no question .
but our requests for water and bread were so delayed .
it 's a great place to have a girls weekend .
very quick way to clean up .
this location is also great for lunch if you have business in downtown mesa .
best wings in arizona !
they serve starbucks coffee , but lack the fancy machines .
nice place , very friendly staff , warm , and inviting one to buy .
always great service and friendly staff .
i did n't finish my egg roll .
macadamia nut crusted chicken .
the staff are very attentive .
everything i have tried has been savory & delicious .
not worth the price .
this company must do a great job in keeping people happy !
service is fast and the bar tenders are great .
the worst things about the room were the bed and pillows .
the dining experience was perfect , from beginning to end .
i explained that i left it with our server , who was terrible .
this bandera has been one of my favorite spots for _num_ years .
i am so disappointed .
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
i recommend skipping this one .
too bad because it 's so close to where we live .
the menu has a good mix of american and mexican food .
the food is delicious .
i love thai food and a friend recommended this place .
one of the top _num_ dining experiences in az .
not so much .
everyone is pretty friendly and approachable .
the food is good and what you would expect .
thanks guys !
great breakfasts !
i did n't touch it .
the veal osso buco is outstanding - best i have tasted .
everything is top notch at this course .
but this is unacceptable .
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
our experience here was superb from the ordering process to eating .
great music !
the calzones are fantastic !
the staff at discount tire very professional and fast .
immediately chris made me feel relaxed and totally comfortable in a possible intimidating situation .
incredible .
bland .
very gross .
great breakfast !
he was thorough and just an all around genuine doctor .
and boy was i happy i did .
i paid _num_ dollars for a slice that tasted like cardboard .
highly recommend .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .
i can only give this company _num_ star based on their disappointing costumer service .
love their omelets and biscuits and gravy !
thank you !
yes please !
poor form china wok .
sorry , i can not recommend this place .
best sashimi in the valley hands down !
i went to this restaurant for the first time during fall _num_ restaurant week .
lazy !
we had the best time !
has a great dinner with our !
taylor helped me find the perfect dress for my wedding !
good , but not good enough .
rip off !
this food was amazing .
us and i use that term lightly was dale .
best salsa , especially the green .
like its my fault that their customer service sucks ?
their spaghetti pizza is also pretty darn good .
i am completely turned off by their student services dept .
regular coffee goes just fine with their treats .
usually they are pretty spot on .
we have been coming here for years and consistently have a great experience .
the sweet potatoes and the tuna were my favorite thing on the plate .
the food sucks -- delivered cold .
i really appreciate the wonderful service at brakes plus .
i 'm a big fan .
all in all a very disappointing experience .
the lack of service deserves zero stars .
as for the food ... outstanding ... .
love the burger and mango margarita .
it works as an old-fashioned ice-cream shop .
i love this place .
horrible , horrible service !
also , this is the only place that will ship the wine for me .
rob was very nice and i just fell in love with my tattoo .
he hung up on me on more the one occasion .
love having breakfast there .
rush stated several times that i needed to follow up with my insurance company .
nice and clean store to get fresh meat .
horrible customer service .
did i mention that the food is fantastic ?
professional , efficient and effective !
the food is wonderful and creative .
it is dirty and lots of walking but it is an amazing experience .
so far , i have not been impressed .
it 's that good .
i am so pleased with the hair , bonds , color , and cut !
the wait just to see a teller is always a minimum of _num_ minutes .
however , how does that concern me ?
love this place !
the manager has zero sense of urgency or compassion .
very happy with this place .
anyway , the wings are amazing .
i have always received wonderful care from the staff and vets there .
i have found my new mechanic for all my car repairs !
breakfast burrito is also pretty good .
i would recommend them to anyone !
this place is my favorite asian restaurant .
really an average course that was fairly easy .
what a neat place !
the quality and quantity of food was excellent !
late night we ordered pepperoni sicilian pizza and it was very good .
plus , she treated my allergies like nothing .
staff wo n't bother , either .
delicious food that is consistently good .
we are going to make this a regular celebration restaurant .
our pup is always so excited to go inside and see everybody .
their cappuccino is good .
good service and great prices .
perfect .
average ( rail / draft ) price $ _num_ .
our server was great & they had a happy hour making it reasonably priced .
she was still very friendly while working very quickly .
appetizer and happy hour specials great value for early dinner .
the staff was nowhere to be found .
the staff are so friendly and awesome .
they treat you like a friend .
i just went home and cleaned it myself .
i kid you not , it was deep fried .
seriously , $ _num_ for _num_ corn tortilla enchiladas .
thanks guys !
once i pay mine off , i will not use it again .
thank you for all your help .
thank you scottsdale health for opening .
on top of this , their entire staff is very friendly and helpful .
definitely worth checking out !
basmati rice was prepared fine , but still nothing special .
my salesman , jonathan , was excellent !
the staff is always so friendly and willing to answer any questions you have .
the interior is pedestrian at best , but still a pleasant environment .
today drive thru is closed more than _num_ minutes early .
judy was like a family member and very friendly .
robin - well done , you .
thanks , gary !
pizza is always made fresh , not that rubbery chewy pizza from chain restaurants .
the dough just was tasteless like cardboard .
i must admit that service every time i dine , is slow at best .
that 's not the worst part though .
food is very good .
got $ _num_ back in change .
great food and great service !
after we got our appetizer and drinks , our server abandoned us .
_num_ stars for the food , _num_ for the service .
i will not be back .
s e v e n t y dollars .
the service is impeccable !
then the oreo cake desert was just the perfect end to a great meal .
some was really good , some was really bad .
every seat is a good one .
horrible attitudes !
hands down the most bland food i 've ever had .
service was terrible .
kudos to you charleston 's !
i tried three different beers here , and they were all not good .
you get what you pay for , and this place is still a ripoff .
i 've been coming here for years and it 's a treat every time .
this place is great .
we were so excited to try this place out .
i guess i will stick with grimaldi 's that 's right down the road .
the manager was the only good thing about this location .
it really was not that good to me .
the chicken was dry and clearly had been sitting on heat for several hours .
love this place just for the environment and service .
smiling all the time !
california burrito is amazing .
the service was pretty good and the food came out quickly .
had the artichoke hearts as an appetizer and it was great .
i got more sleep in the hospital after having my babies !
i would not recommend this place to my worst enemy .
i will not be back to haji baba .
all in all pretty good !
no thank you .
so what 's wrong ?
lots of girls and the bar is a classy lay out .
and , the service was absolutely fantastic .
he should be ashamed and embarrassed .
awesome considering she thought the work had just ended .
parking sucks .
love this girl !
the service was quick and the food was really good .
do n't go here for any reason .
love it when moco is the cook , his burritos are the best !
best donuts in town .
i ordered an individual pepperoni pizza , and a dozen wings .
great aveda salon in n. phoenix .
but bottled water does count so that 's good too .
great spot !
this place is great !
get the 1/2 size and i promise you will leave full .
see you next week !
great shop , honest people !
this is the worst restaurant i have visited so far .
course conditions are very good , especially for the price .
they are legit awesome !
music inside was loud but patio is great .
for a butcher , we expected a good steak .
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .
happy tenant .
great job pep boys !
very professional and always gets the job done .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
love the flavor .
great pizza .
always helpful and friendly .
great pictures everywhere .
my experience was much better and i enjoyed the shopping for a new purse .
every time i eat here , i swear i will never go back .
very good service .
this was my 2nd bad experience here .
this place rocks !
absolutely amazing !
although the food was pretty good the service was terrible .
but those two things alone would not convince me to go back .
both green and red salsa great .
our waitress that time had complete disregard for it .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
absolutely love this restaurant .
for years , that did n't seem to be a problem at fry 's .
been 3x , had same waitress twice , great service !
1st time eating here and it was great !
this phx establishment is worth a visit .
i only wish we had food and service this good back home .
but seriously its really good .
nypd is some of the worst pizza i 've ever had in my lifetime .
the food came out barely warm .
my cut and color is amazing and i get compliments all the time .
no apologies , no manager apologies , nothing .
it also has a very bad smell inside .
i waited _num_ minutes to go see a show i already had tickets to .
what a waste of time and money .
highly recommend if you want to have some quiet time .
wow !
fat trainers .
angela was amazing .
clean room , great service , and quiet .
just kinda ridiculous .
highly recommended .
this is really an exceptional italian deli !
wait times can be absolutely ridiculous even late at night .
absolutely love this place !
if i had known , i would n't have ordered food .
he then went into a hard sales pitch about getting a new tire .
holy mother of god , they were a delight to the senses .
first time here , but never to return .
the food is always delicious .
they were not fit to eat .
she claims , `` i do n't know what it is . ''
love lunch express !
it was not worth the price or the rude service .
they were great and informative .
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
bacon wrapped scallops !
the pool looks like a dirty mexican jacuzzi and smells like one too .
just covered in oil .
she 's been very happy with her glasses .
this is our second time here and the food and atmosphere is perfect .
i highly recommend checking this place out .
excellent ... excellent ... .
it 's april _num_ , which of course means this place would be busy .
they feel mashed potatoes are a garnish for the steak or fish .
got to love that !
zero stars for that .
my s & s chicken was perfect and in a nice sized portion .
both were cooked perfectly .
a go to again for sure !
they cost me around $ _num_ .
asu is not the most safe neighborhood .
still love this place !
the food was delicious and well portioned and the atmosphere was relaxed .
very good .
gross !
bring friends , drink a lot , and have a good time .
priceless .
1st time ordering delivery from rush street .
razz 's restaurant is a wonderful find !
pizza was unimpressive and my slice was cold .
yum yum !
this arby 's sucks .
the sound system is terrible .
improve your customer service , and you should probably get some different employees .
this place is amazing !
dr. tracy is still super awesome and she is a hoot !
i can not make up phone records .
the owner is very personable and makes himself available if need be .
i could n't even finish my french dip the meat was so flavorless .
nothing had any flavor at all !
very clean , great customer service , food put together nicely !
i would definitely recommend anyone looking for a doggie day care to go here !
as a former starbucks employee , i recommend this location .
will definitely recommend to clients .
always friendly and fast !
also , do n't get a room next to the stairs .
absolute garbage food .
staff are very friendly and willing to adjust to meet your requests .
this is one of the best pizzas in arizona .
probably one of the best places for breakfast in az .
great atmosphere and prices !
this i will say , i like the vibe of the salon itself .
the cocktails were awesome ; unique and tasty .
poor service is my pet peeve , no matter where it is found .
i love this place .
maybe i am a snob , but this place was just like a goodwill .
negative _num_ stars for the poor garage staff .
their special recipes are delicious !
just to find inside that there is no seating anywhere .
this place has great pizza and wings - i miss it .
i went to this location on a friday and it was so loud inside .
staff was great , friendly .
soo good , i still remember it like it was yesterday .
freaking outstanding .
so good .
it 's small enough to be relaxing for the parents .
in our party of _num_ , the service was slow & not very attentive .
huge thank you to angel for saving our valentines evening !
very good .
i repeat ... do not go to this venue .
they actually look forward to going to the dentist !
the food is great here and the portions huge .
outstanding persian food not to mention service .
definitely going back .
good family place with solid breakfast !
a great place for a date night .
just do your self a favor and go to village auto electric first .
janet does the most fabulous job with gel nails and pedicures .
cowboy ciao ... well ... no .
great customer service and selection .
the best dentist and staff in az by far !
they make different flavored fresh tortillas .
me : this bill would total close to $ _num_ .
i urge you to take a stand , shop someplace else .
i really liked the room and the fitness center was good as well .
lon 's is always amazing for drinks and apps under the stars .
this is a family friendly nail salon .
this is great !
the salon is quiet and clean .
it is superb .
the stetson chopped was amazing .
would give it _num_ stars if i could .
shannon was very helpful and knew the process very well .
beer tastings , sake tastings , inventive sandwiches and breakfasts .
the staff was really friendly .
definitely delicious .
too bad .
their smoothies are also refreshing .
good food at a great price .
i would _num_ % recommend this complex , have been here almost a year .
honest skilled work at a fair price , with excellent communication .
my daughter was way to sick to have just an ear infection .
they were incredible !
green chili pork burrito was very good as well .
wrong .
even after over _num_ minutes already waiting .
the pricing is very reasonable .
that was not fresh mozzarella .
the food is so good , the atmosphere is relaxing and inviting .
last night we stopped by for a couple of cocktails and some snacks .
the food was phenomenal .
what a treat on wednesday night to hear the singing bartender .
very authentic .
best bar in scottsdale !
jim came on time as scheduled and did a very professional job .
this is literally the worst mcdonald 's i have ever gone to .
happy hour all day !
the salad alone is one i will want again .
, are very friendly , concerned and caring .
amazing asian chicken salad !
everything i have ever got is very good .
the food was mediocre at best .
the miso soup seems like its from a dry mix .
see update below .
that was the only reason i picked that service .
thursday night live music is worth the trip .
i will not be returning .
the workers are helpful and pleasant .
but everything tasted great and the service was quick and friendly .
i walk around checking out the stuff even walk by them and nothing !
great music and wine selection !
i had fun here .
the white rice was also dry .
each experience has been wonderful , both the food and the service .
the food is extremely sub par .
this was however the biggest mistake ever !
love love love grazie - very cool pizza and wine bar in old town .
you guys are absolutely a _num_ in my book !
the units are outdated , dark , and depressing .
now the old _num_ string plays nicely , and sounds beautiful .
it 's sad .
very disappointed .
the grounds are spectacular ; my newly remodeled room no .
again , so rude and condescending .
absolutely love santisi brothers !
the people they have working there now are wonderful .
all rooms were dark and dingy .
it 's bigger than a chuck e cheese and the staff is way friendlier .
friendly atmosphere and great work .
service was great as well !
the toasted ravioli was good and the sauce for dipping had a nice bite .
this is my favorite restaurant !
salon tru has one of the best stylist in the valley !
great little place , i love the grocery store concept with the deli .
much thinner , the eggs benedict should be avoided .
the hot towel is a nice touch .
honestly .
nobody needs a nine year battery in arizona .
this is my go to !
we stayed in the one bedroom suite complete with a kitchen !
the waitress threw numerous amounts of napkins and utensils at me ... .
the venue is absolutely gorgeous and not a bad seat in the house !
it was a good choice !
charlie was clean neat and professional .
hospitality was great !
the egg rolls are amazing and fried rice is off the chain good !
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .
very professional staff , with a great balance of service and friendliness .
rude waitress and no smiles at all .
i recommend this resort to anyone looking for an amazing experience with a resort .
the pizza then sat there for seven hours and was then sold to me .
the grounds were kept very clean and the staff was pleasant and helpful .
excellent work .
i 'll probably just try a whole bunch of shoes on .
my husband had the salmon oscar which is served over bread pudding .
love the all you can eat bread with fresh herbs .
this place is an occasional treat for me rather than a habit .
great caprese salad .
overall , it 's a great burger and good vibe .
it 's just weird .
i could n't even taste the lemon at all .
these folks are the real deal and worth every penny and more .
this is by far the worst place i have ever been to !
i ca n't sell you the display one even though it has a price .
going back sometime this weekend , i will definitely update !
never going back .
overpriced sushi , and not so good .
i had a great experience today at mark kia .
what great service !
she should n't have asked us to pay extra for her mistake .
the menu makes it easy to pick from .
they helped me feel safe and comfortable and fully explained all of my questions .
the service has always been wonderful .
the prices are good too and they deliver .
glad we tried it and we 'll definitely be going back !
i love the staff here they are awesome .
more so then i would have liked .
every time i go there is great music and awesome customer service .
i will definitely be back !
speaking of pain , the time i had my acrylics done .
all the food that we had was top notch .
everyone was cool to us .
terrible drinks .
my husband also loved the chicken parmesan sandwich and the cheesesteak sandwich .
lady # _num_ went to the back .
this experience would never have happened at their vegas stores .
loved it !
i went to the restroom to cool off , i was so annoyed .
however , what really makes this place for me is the service and view .
worst pedicure of my life .
love this place !
but i did not appreciate being told to keep my children quite .
two thumbs up !
food was very good !
and the exhibits are so neat !
she made us feel welcome and provided excellent service throughout the meal .
gave up and left full payment .
it looked like a pile of left overs .
the sandwich had a ton of meat and tasted great on their fresh bread .
my friend also raved about her quick start conscious breakfast .
the parking is terrible .
outstanding work , and the service is second to none .
unique , as in good .
the beans are so light , fluffy , and flavorful .
loved the guacamole , salsa and my margarita .
the donuts are delicious , but they lack customer service .
i will definitely be staying here again .
so good .
appointments recommended .
the attendant was super friendly , quick , and even washed my windshield .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
but every week , they have great deals on something !
awesome place !
tvs too small for the size of the place .
not the worst i 've ever had , just the most disappointing .
pedicures are still of the same quality i like to get .
nothing special here .
we pretty much really liked everything .
the crew is fun to chat with and pick on just a little .
the electronics people are great and actually know something about electronics .
the prices are cheap and you get even less than what you pay for .
and it melts in your mouth the way good milk chocolate should .
what can i say , it is a heck of a pie .
i think this food is phenomenal .
was not at all impressed with this hotel .
high prices and poor customer service .
limited variety but for $ _num_ it was fine .
stayed with you for the weekend a couple weeks ago .
it was a a little warm in the location !
times during my stay because my key did n't work .
i love to volunteer here when i can .
the bar makes a great margarita too .
service was just decent .
it is pathetic place .
i have never experienced anything like this in my _num_ years of chiropractic care .
they were completely out of plain bagels .
great service and ok decor .
still good !
as for the food , never had it .
we left early so we could sit down and have a drink .
everything taste frozen and nasty .
classic dairy queen .
if i had n't of waited so long i would have sent it back .
i 'll definitely be back and try to explore the menu a little more .
saw dr. price for my issue and it was such a pleasant experience .
never a i 'm sorry or even really offering to help .
workers were not overly friendly .
trying to get someone to help you in this place is a serious joke !
asu online is a scam !
the food was horrible !
their bread is great even eaten alone .
bought a groupon and tried this place out after reading mixed reviews .
yet there 3-4 boys standing around with nothing to do .
so disappointed .
chances are we would n't return to italian grotto .
however some pretty ladies helped me find it and i enjoyed some great wine .
i just quit eating .
i enjoy the bang for your buck !
got wings as well and would not recommend for delivery .
made my dress look even more beautiful and fit like a dream !
denise did a great job and had them back in two days .
seriously the best chocolate cake donuts ever .
so happy i finally came !
you know , the ones over $ _num_ .
bread tasted like it was from a bag .
we may become a regular here because of how amazing the service was !
excellent pies and a cozy atmosphere as well .
good service .
they have a great selection of wine .
this place is all hype , but they do n't perform .
while the staff was mostly great , the room was not .
and i 'm $ _num_ in the hole !
pool is amazing .
they give boring dinner rolls with dinner now instead of the yummy corn bread .
place was good .
do yourself a favor and go check it out .
they treat my furry family as one of their own .
all the ladies i referred to this office have left too .
disgusting !
basically they did n't care .
thanks .
thanks for such a great little mexican joint !
she is a fantastic pediatrician - knowledgeable , warm , listens , etc .
we 'll definitely be back !
love their sicilian .
low and behold , our food arrives and neither steak is correct .
shame on you , villa !
they were amazing .
we had a great experience from start to finish .
booked appointment online waste of time .
a favorite of me and my boyfriend .
will be back !
i almost think it 's a race thing , i 'm white .
i would not recommend nor would i return .
just bad service and not handicap friendly !
yo joe !
they also do n't use seasoning .
( counter help lacked in past , great now ! )
the restaurant was n't full so i do n't get it.
we have to hire another carpet cleaning company to clean our carpets .
fast quality service !
no greeting .
thank you jason !
the food was bland , soggy and basic .
the best repair technicians .
just a shitty selection .
i did n't have an iphone .
the staff are always nice and are on top with whatever you need .
worst of all , i got sick from his food .
they price matched costco as well .
what kind of a place does n't take cc 's ?
we always get one of each `` heat '' .
and they have so many things to choose from and everything is so good .
such trust worthy people .
always quick to issues , amazing response ... great job !
many options on crust styles and the crust flavor is amazing .
everything was very expensive .
the music is at a level that is just right .
she would n't change my nail color because it was gel .
not even a buzz nor a discount , refund or apology .
i really loved this hotel .
food was impressive .
i hate it .
never have i a paid _num_ for a worst salad .
i loved my hair when i left and still do !
you could tell he was over worked and they were obviously understaffed .
the place was clean and best part there were no bed bugs or roaches !
this is a great restaurant .
it was like they had dumped chili powder into it .
this is a wonderful hotel .
i 'm convinced that this is the smallest peter piper in existence .
reasonable price , had a great red curry !
the arcade room smells horrible , the carpet is disgusting .
no water was running over the cooler pad .
highly recommended .
really busy and everyone seems to be having a good time .
this is a great shop that 's not far from my house .
food is great , service is great !
i used them to manage my property and they did a spectacular job .
wow , i always have driven by and they have always been packed .
pathetic place , worst food .
juke box !
food came out & food was bland and so disappointing .
love the old school mom and pop non corporate type !
so good !
it looks like they even have cheese making supplies .
the tap list in the basement bar is also fantastic .
love love love !
do n't delay , hit sushi kee today !
i ca n't imagine the need to return here .
alan and bill are super nice and thorough .
here 's why i 'm the most disappointed in this visit .
service was great .
do not take your dogs here ; you will be sorry .
i defiantly recommend !
no drive-thru option .
the homemade bakery items are very good too .
not as advertised .
open 24/7 with a drive through and an exceptional selection of donuts .
worst service i have ever received .
and most importantly , the car honestly looks as good as new .
beautiful scenery and friend staff .
i like to hit it up for breakfast every once in a while .
just keep it simple .
but its a good thing because thats how popular they are in our are .
eateries .
the food is delicious and definitely way better than your average chinese delivery spot .
great service .
this was apparently news to the bartender , the waitress and the manager .
i absolutely love their pizza !
the pasta is excellent .
awesome .
he was rude and not explain well why he did not change .
this is the best chiropractic office i 've ever been too .
for the money , this is the best food in eastern mesa .
i would highly recommend using them .
one star for the most terrible service in recent memory .
prices are reasonable and food is served quickly .
owner was incredibly rude and unhelpful .
have tried almost everything on the menu and love it all .
the bowl of queso - not worth it one bit .
their breakfast burritos are awesome , mostly because their tortillas are amazing .
great martinis and fabulous food !
love this place !
nice selection , nice prices , quick service .
it 's very simple and clean .
i love yelp .
a burger is an ok order , but stay away from the reuben .
no issues , great massage services .
i had a scramble with roasted peppers , fresh basil and provolone .
still tasted good though .
i look and feel like a different person ( in a good way ) .
small place about _num_ tables inside .
price was more than right , less than he quoted me .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .
with all the good reviews me and my bf decide to try it out .
amazing food .
best chinese food ever !
there was only one cook .
kabobs were wonderful and the portions very large .
the restaurant has a dark , classy , old-school feel .
so good .
neither was spectacular .
we sat down outside on the patio ... waited _num_ minutes to get menus .
as stated previously by many others , this company has horrible customer service .
the live music they have is always good .
worst water park .
it 's just not worth it to go here .
everyone who works here is unbelievably rude .
i really liked the food and the price was perfect .
will definitely come back .
best dentist ever !
ok , i 'm done .
i dragged my husband there just so we could use it .
perfect atmosphere , perfect staff , perfect location , perfect drinks .
the suite style rooms are well maintained .
he 's lightning quick , ultra precise , and super reasonable .
been coming here for years and will continue to do so .
everything looked so authentic to the time .
they have great flavors and really yummy sandwich creations .
the service was horrible .
the place is always spotless !
we 'll definitely be back the next time we 're in town !
excellent service and food is just great !
she 's so caring and sweet .
the cleaning ladies are very nice and professional .
unfortunately , my experience with this restaurant was very disappointing .
my husband and i are so thankful to have found this clinic .
she was always rude .
the smoked duck and the jalapeno mac was great !
kyoto continues to be a rockin ' good time !
i enjoyed the resort a lot .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .
... great : food , service , & atmosphere .
i have full trust and faith in john and his guys ' .
are you kidding me ?
the meatball sandwich is incredible !
i wish the butter and horrible garlic were n't on there .
my husband made reservations for us online for dinner , for my birthday .
the whole table agreed , we all would n't go back .
chicken sandwich was inedible .
awkward !
their service is amazing and so are the breadsticks .
in arizona in july , this is not a good thing .
the service though was pretty good at this location .
i love it and would recommend it to anyone !
do not trust a single salesman or manager at this dealership .
i even bought great quality groceries .
it has a `` homely '' feel to it .
the service is outstanding .
very enjoyable !
so ridiculous !
old lady at cashier desk needs some training on customer service .
great prime rib dip sandwich .
i was pleasantly surprised !
she was friendly enough , just not attentive whatsoever .
omg soooo good .
the chips did come out warm but the salsa was very watery .
overall i would come back because simply their food is amazing !
she is just a gem !
these guys are the best .
highly recommend .
alan 's air is awesome !
highly recommended !
i forgot how good it was !
thanks nypd !
the meat tasted and looked like it had been frozen .
highly recommend any restaurant that has survived almost twenty years .
did he go to the wrong apartment ?
it earns you free food off the menu over time .
and omg the most delicious italian dishes ive ever eaten !
the food sucks , the drinks suck , the atmosphere sucks .
the restaurant is small and charming .
great location .
the egg roll also had meat so i could n't try that .
great service , great atmosphere .
parking is good .
we especially enjoyed the video works exhibit !
will not go back .
a great place to eat and it is nice on the inside .
more then ruth chris or any of the high end places i 've experienced .
other recent reviews are spot on .
great place for dinner for _num_ or a big group .
this review is purely about the poor service experienced at this legendary location .
excellent service once again .
was happy to find out it 's a bit of both .
they truly seem interested in the local patrons , and offering a wonderful experience .
great way to get my coffee fix !
the food is consistently well prepared and the service is excellent .
its kind of in a hidden corner inside a plaza .
customer service was terrible !
he was also very gifted at massage .
this always satisfies my persian food craving .
the best dining experience in the valley .
the chips have a great flavor .
will continue to do business with them for a while .
i ordered take out , chopped salad and a short rib dinner .
hoping to get our sons birthday cake done as well !
what an outstanding job and very professional !
beer battered fish and chips - the fish was not beer battered .
but what i hate is bad service .
by far the best and most authentic mexican food in the valley .
i was here several years ago and it was much better .
i love the atmosphere and feel .
the salsa , refried beans , tamales , etc were all tasteless .
i was very pleased with the result .
yes please !
we will not be going back .
another ordered a few other meals , and they were not happy either .
perfect little gifts that look very special .
this place is just fantastic .
the decor is like a cafeteria .
food was quick , fresh and delicious !
needless to say , i was not a happy camper .
maybe next time i will just order take-out from this establishment instead .
i love this place .
the menu is like an upgraded applebees .
their delivery is always on time and very friendly !
i usually go to the jiffy lube off chandler which provides great efficient service .
i 'm grateful to have found east valley tires .
not the service .
thanks .
this place is great .
rich food does not mean good food .
it tastes like it 's pre-made in the morning or the night before .
at present with a _num_ star review i feel this place is way overrated .
this trader joe 's is friendly and offers the same great tj 's products .
i had the green flannel and it was so tasty .
explained everything and made me comfortable with my purchase .
the manager that we spoke with there was extremely friendly and helpful .
there was no one in the restaurant .
its almost always always always expected that the prices are going to be insane .
they have a wide variety of food and great house margaritas .
took about _num_ minutes to serve me a double cheese burger .
when i put the dress on , i knew it was the perfect dress .
extremely disappointed !
no valet .
really crowded when we went on a weeknight , but well worth it !
they treat you like a long time customer .
love the vibes lots of people and energy yet casual and fun .
it was $ _num_ without a drink and it was worth about $ _num_ .
great folks , and pretty fair on prices for nice pieces .
the chips were extremely light and flavorful .
love it .
wandered around electronics for _num_ minutes without anyone offering to help me .
pizza is also the best in the area and worth the extra few dollars .
the manager mike m. took great care of us .
needless to say , i left and will never return .
they were very loud and made noise throughout the night .
excellent service , friendly staff , professional .
server returned to say coupon not accepted in computer .
rooms are worn and need a remodel .
this place has the true italian feel to it especially with the market inside .
it did not taste like any other thai tom yum soup .
really fun !
the staff was extremely friendly and the service was great .
love all of it .
it was horrible .
they lined my trunk and i am very happy with the results .
decent wine selection , tasty desserts and a fun atmosphere .
well sunday was even worse .
this is a really good breakfast joint .
that girl looked at us and said , `` so _num_ . ''
the best breakfast in scottsdale !
great spot for tailoring needs or any small clothing fixes .
love this place .
great neighborhood watering hole that serves great food at a solid price !
if u ever have a chance to see him do it !
additionally , they used to have so much more of a selection .
our server was very friendly and pleasant when waiting on us .
the service is nice and prompt .
went to pei wei so many times and today is a disaster .
the whole experience was worse than disappointing .
this is a good local spot for italian .
my car was towed from my parking spot , etc .
it got crowded , all the other patrons looked real happy too .
nice people but crappy pizza .
i 'll preface this review with we will be coming back to this location .
nice to support family owned businesses !
good service .
cool atmosphere and great waiter .
joe 's new york pizza is great .
best server iv ever had by far .
one of the best steaks i have had .
manicure was good , service was not great , and pedi was terrible .
felt quite close to your neighbors but everyone was nice .
i would recommend it !
the food is above average pub fare .
the deliveries are always crazy quick , the food is hot & fresh .
the salon itself is pretty great too .
rubbery chicken and beef , high prices for the quality .
food was wonderful , the problem was the service .
and i totally do !
wow !
the food is awesome .
and i could n't get a drink to save my life .
great experience , great client service !
exquisite can describe the location of this beautiful resort .
we will definitely be coming back !
dear manager hire more cooks wow one hour wait .
terrific care for my mother .
the prices are good and turn around is quick .
returned _num_ weeks later , the truck was there for _num_ days .
not to mention the half naked women .
fried pork tenderloin sandwich !
really , they are awesome !
great pizza , great service , and the salad bar is awesome !
her color is off the hook and her style sense is hip .
came here on a referral and jake helped us out with everything we needed .
amazing company .
sorry , four peaks .
it was soggy for starters .
we enjoy the food and service .
the chile relleno i had was close to inedible .
servers are nice .
great spot and atmosphere !
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .
there are loads of restaurants in the area .
the food all looked great .
the nachos were good .
the food and coffee are great also and fairly priced .
the customer service was terrible .
this place is awesome as everyone says .
just sorry your out of luck , basically .
something smelled not right and it was the szechuan beef .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
overall , we are disappointed with the service .
all of his vendors are experienced and so easy to work with .
served family style so bring your appetite and a group to have fun .
the sports memorabilia is really cool too .
the rooftop pool is gorgeous and lunch was excellent to boot !
our server was great .
food was excellent .
`` do you want your check yet ? ''
the meat was tender and juicy .
great food !
i love it all .
i was very disappointed after that .
also , breakfast is free , drinks from 5:00 to 6:30 .
this is a good store for your beauty needs .
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .
there 's only a couple employees and like one maid ?
what a great find !
the friendliest staff serving really good breakfasts in a super clean environment .
this is why high school students should n't be the managers .
what a great operation .
this location is consistently poor with their service .
sorry you just lost my business .
we always order the prime rib and it 's delicious .
totally recommend !
excellent .
a+ customer service !
fast , friendly , and affordable .
when you come in there is no hello .
i absolutely recommend her !
i am never coming back .
do n't waste your money !
i will definitely return often !
this place is horrible .
you people are worse than a used car lot .
this company is a poor excuse for an hoa .
nothing has been done to improve the look of the place .
they also have a gluten free menu and a kids menu .
waitress was very pleasant .
enjoyed myself and the atmosphere here .
our favorite place for lunch !
i visited macayo 's because i heard that they had a gluten-free menu .
best chips and salsa for miles and miles !
horrible experience !
not acknowledged when standing at the counter .
he flat out lied to me .
this guy does n't have basic computer knowledge .
if you are in the area , definitely worth a visit .
this is true gem in town !
we went to see a friend perform and it was great .
i just love it so .
probably the best chicken tenders i have ever had !
jessie and kevin are such awesome people !
they had no problem with us moving once the early night crowd moved out .
the service was good as well .
it is consistently very good , today was excellent .
she did the most amazing job .
only thing that was `` okay '' was the paint job .
definitely a favorite !
hubby said his chicken was delish and our guest enjoyed the fish tacos .
no thank you .
it is very beautiful and the water was pretty cold .
why not a `` zero star '' rating .
best bread in arizona no doubt .
they always take good care of me and my family !
this is a great dish to share or order in the appetizer size .
oh mary lou how i love you !
my new spot for repairs .
great staff , products , and location .
awesome tea and even better service !
this place definitely fits the bill .
i only gave one star because i could n't give zero .
excellent little breakfast joint !
service was very slow .
usually you get an `` i am sorry , is everything okay ? ''
service was top notch !
everyone made it a very special evening !
i was so wrong .
the first time , i believed it was a mistake .
it 's a small , old fashioned shop that is fair and fast .
nice experience .
great experience .
the service i have received has been spot on .
first time there and love it !
this place is great .
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .
i would definitely recommend palm glen to any pet owner !
i got the sesame chicken which had a perfect balance of sweet and spicy .
i 've never been to such a slow fatburger .
the hamburgers in the bar looked and smelled incredible .
best happy hour in town !
excellent sandwiches , nice young adults working there .
i 'd definitely recommend stopping by if you are in the area !
you killed my taste buds .
no salt , overcooked and stiff .
donuts are great , and pricing is good for whole family .
also they had ran out of basil which was a bummer .
i have never had my nails done that only takes _num_ minutes .
a so-so wrap with so-so customer service and no bathrooms .
wow amazing fresh salsa a+ chips plus bean dip .
the thin-crust personal pizzas are so good .
one of the best southwest flavor meals i have had in the valley .
gnocchi is excellent .
great happy hour deals .
well worth a visit , and overall _num_ stars .
excellent service always at this location .
i feel bad for the owners of such an awful establishment .
their guitar repair is fair priced and excellent quality .
the service was great .
the chips and salsa were okay , not great .
the pad thai and crispy pesto ginger chicken is amazing !
if i had not would of been over charged over $ _num_ .
wo n't be going back .
great food and better service !
she really wants to help you make your day special .
best i have ever had .
strike _num_ !
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .
great price for an alignment .
so fresh and great flavor !
the best barber shop in the valley .
shea was also super helpful and caring !
great food but truly mediocre service .
great staff and nice place .
extremely poor service .
and ive been here a dozen times , just knot icing this now .
great place for some new mexican style food !
the office was able to get us in right away .
i 'm very picky about hotels and this one is perfect .
great shop , all-around .
amazing baked potatoes and twice baked potato .
i 'm really bummed to have a negative attitude about this place .
there are hardly any vegetarian options and no vegan options .
it was a total waste of $ _num_ .
had a great experience here .
overall , great place .
i will definitely go again .
both of those are so rich with flavors and amazing over rice .
but , as for security , it was a bit sketchy .
will come back here again !
cheap eats but i do n't think i 'll be jumping to go back .
no one was rushing us so i remembered thinking it was pretty good .
my two bites were really gritty and they were not perfectly cooked .
but since your here you might as well look around .
mediocre at best .
best dang cornbread i 've ever had .
the two classes i took were horrible .
the `` burger bar '' was a disaster .
their homemade bread is incredible .
make sure to ask for it regular and they 'll make it for you .
service was timely and friendly .
tired mexican place in scottsdale , with very mediocre food .
i had to bring it back , and is was still not fixed properly .
best little pub in oldtown by far .
i have always been treated with respect .
the memorabilia and the classic environment kick so much ass !
what a pain in the butt .
service by waitress ruined the whole experience .
will definitely go back when in the area .
too bad .
we came here for a few giants games and had a great time .
thanks a ton !
nice green salad comes with dinner .
we saw the nurse practitioner named karen and she was amazing .
i enjoyed the halibut along with garlic mashed potatoes ( plenty to share ) !
my biggest problem with this place is that it is dirty .
service quality have gone down prices have gone up .
very friendly staff and i love the prices !
kohl 's is definitely one of my go-to places for clothes shopping .
the fresh crispy cole slaw is bright and creamy at once .
he is straight-forward and honest and my dogs love him .
i went there for brunch , and thought the food and atmosphere were terrific .
fantastic experience with views that ca n't be beat .
they truly care .
this is not of their doing and we know that .
just wanted to give more props to the resort and medical center !
this was one of my worst experiences ever .
always helpful staff !
my new favorite place !
salad was forgotten .
besides , this is not even persian from reading the menu .
great happy hour .
nice place !
nicely decorated , extremely friendly and attentive staff .
they took the time to find the right battery and installed it for free .
i reccommend that as an entree !
i got a salad and it was fresh no brown spots or wilted greens .
everyone was extremely nice and helpful .
the happy hour here is the best in town .
this is the place , people !
it was just bad !
want an amazing beer selection ?
staff very friendly .
well , apparently , this staff did n't think it deserves any .
i blew through _num_ calories + for garbage .
we agree that this is really good mexican food .
it is the go to breakfast spot for my picky son .
plus , you 'll get expert help , quick repairs and support your community !
man , sucks for you .
such a creative presentation , if nothing else .
not good at all .
more importantly , great value .
it literally ca n't move .
i told him i just wanted my money back .
the food came out lukewarm at best .
sugary tomato sauce on the enchilada .
i probably wo n't go back again after this time .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .
i will not be coming back .
do n't come here if that 's exactly what you 're looking for .
will not be back .
worst service ever .
the staff has great customer sevice skills .
the bartenders are great .
their ribs are outstanding , as is most of the fish i 've tried .
it 's the best .
orange patch is very nice .
had a broken mirror in my bathroom .
the museum is very small but always has something interesting on display .
even in summer , they have decent patronage .
very friendly .
never smiles and has an attitude problem towards the residents .
so , i tried again explaining about the orange and it stopping .
excellent service , good food !
eight hours after i ate my take-out from p.f .
this place is horrible .
mark was right on with his suggestions and delivered our order on time .
very good thrifty ice cream .
its a total dive and a chandler high favorite for lunch .
amazing !
incredibly friendly service and good food .
good all around .
this coffee shop is unique and down right cute .
_num_ were over _num_ weeks expired .
very pleasant and helpful service .
shoot the fair is a better deal .
i do n't think we got a total _num_ min workout .
wonderful everything .
if you can , avoid like the plague .
that included _num_ bud lights , which were cold and refreshing .
unfortunately our visit today will be our last .
the food was amazing !
i will definitely be back .
everything i have ever had there has been wonderful !
so disappointing .
delicious pizza , great service , and good times .
a friend had setup a special dinner here !
the food was inventive and good .
this starbucks is small and sweet .
friendly staff .
paul 's is always the best .
it came out with less than a cup of pasta and no veggies .
great place !
last week i celebrated another one my birthday with _num_ of my friends .
i absolutely love roaring fork .
i 'm not so sure about this one .
thank you guys so much for all your help .
the owner and his daughter are always very knowledgeable , friendly and helpful !
good family spot .
oh and the music is pretty good , and the dj takes requests .
when it finally came out , it was bad .
honest dentist who puts people 's health over profit !
my carne asada was rubbery and just average at best .
always good .
thanks for making my day , scott !
there was a nice ambiance , and the service was very good .
this place is awesome !
another great thing about this place is the menu .
forgettable food , drink , and atmosphere .
jesus ; this place has zero concept of time .
had a king suite with microwave and fridge .
great customer service !
maybe its me , but i do not find the plates very appetizing .
this place was amazing !
the owner offered to provide a no charge maintenance service in the future .
great pizza , but the reason you come here is for the beer !
make sure and start with the homemade quesadilla .
the staff is always friendly .
fire is cool , lol .
we have given _num_ star reviews before .
no love here , wo n't be back ... .
not something i 'd take junior to do .
prices are high & do not get much for the price .
if you like ny pizza , then you 'll love it too .
best service i 've had at a restaurant in a long time .
it 's worth it if you have n't visited before .
um ... its _num_ outside .
the food i 've had here has generally been bland .
unfortunately it was a total waste of $ _num_ .
the breakfast sandwiches are also delicious and not too expensive .
just do n't live here .
i ended up buying _num_ shirts and _num_ pants there .
i am not a pizza eater but enjoy their pizza .
they accommodated _num_ of my family members and we had the best time !
we had terrible service , we waited for _num_ minutes before receiving menus .
friends , it is fantastic , you should give it a try .
thanks for always making me feel welcome when i stop by .
great food and a fun place to hang before a spring training game !
love this place .
sorry will not be back .
staff was all very friendly and informative .
if its in the weekly ad they probably will not have any in stock .
pretty straightforward place .
the best recommendation to see him !
_num_ out of _num_ still had white cat hair on them .
i 'd never pay that much for shitty sushi again .
the place is very clean and the staff is very friendly !
i love looking through the shoes and dresses .
she liked the pickle the best though .
_num_ stars if yelp would let me .
the food was poor .
i love this place .
staff is always friendly .
fair and very trustworthy repair shop !
i had the beef tacos , rice and beans which was delicious !
she 's super sweet and helpful .
she is seriously the best !
rude rude rude !
its a little isolated so it never feels too busy but it gets packed !
food is fresh , healthy , and good sized portions .
definitely coming back for breakfast .
the leasing staff is excellent .
you know , i used to really like this place .
we recently took my _num_ yr old niece .
i highly recommend getting the special of the night !
so much improved .
the food is very authentic and tasty just like home .
i ordered a breakfast burrito & it was delicious !
the burritos and nachos are fantastic .
avoid it like the plague .
big portions great food and great service .
i was able to make my selection easily .
they truly care about the animals that are coming in .
hate to say , but probably will not be returning .
the tamales each had a unique and incredible flavor even the cheese one .
so good !
very very professional , very nice and excellent work .
three of us ordered the rotisserie chicken and ribs .
this sephora location is my favorite .
this place is awful !
so , i get it .
most likely will not return .
pretty good selection of burgers and other fare as well .
i was embarrassed for the chef .
both employees we dealt with were friendly and helpful .
our new breakfast burrito spot .
not sure .
fantastic place to shop for fruits and veggies .
rice and beans that came with both meals were disgusting .
green chile is excellent .
super friendly staff .
the laundry room is filthy and unsanitary , garbage bins are constantly overflowing .
i also like that they have a water slide there .
_num_ bucks for a t shirt ?
when i walked in , i was not greeted .
and i love their teriyaki sauce .
good for happy hour , dinner with the family , or late night drinks .
best greek food ever !
they have fabulous coconut curry soup , spring rolls , and pad thai .
you will leave here stuffed !
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
the atmosphere is awful - really dark and heavy in the inside .
chicken and lamb were nicely done but vegetarian dishes were mediocre .
love it more !
a truly fantastic dental office ; the dentist is a consummate professional .
so i called the manager , nikki i believe was her name .
i recommend the shrimp appetizer and the pizza !
surprising deals on foods you love !
she loves going there and always looks so good when i pick her up .
the office chair upholstery is pretty nasty as well .
well ... thanks again fellow yelpers we loved this place .
just moved to scottsdale and decided to try this place out !
it is a great little find .
great fun for tots and the slightly older set .
is a joke as the drinks are way overpriced .
this place is a train wreck .
however , their pizza is always great and delivered on time .
it 's definitely the best beer i 've ever had .
i love it !
very bad service .
it 's cozy and cute .
at this time i got confused based on the initial quote they gave me .
very satisfied , will return .
all in all , do n't waste your time .
this place is great .
i highly recommend them !
not a chance !
this place was great , the owner is a really nice guy .
the food just was n't up to par .
probably one of the worst hotel experiences i 've ever had .
the best ribeye i ever eat !
enjoy !
so disappointed .
i was so eager to dive in that i forgot to take a picture .
it becomes a fight with the subs .
all my friends pay much less here than what i was offered .
no more chances for them .
that is ridiculous !
we will definitely return !
we ordered the _num_ special with steak .
i may have seen my server twice the whole time i was there .
i could get better fajitas at chilis .
very good food and good service .
this place rocks !
do not waste your time going to mark kia in south scottsdale !
owner is rude .
also , the food is great !
food was great and menu options are awesome .
by far the worst place out there .
green flannel was delicious as was the fresh squeezed orange juice !
this was our first experience here , and we were very pleased .
they are just so great with my best furry buddy .
awesome service !
horrible !
they rarely had items in stock that i was used to buying .
the service was not awesome .
great service , great selection of entrees and awesome atmosphere .
reality the food is alright , however very bland .
absolute waste of money !
well worth it .
not cool .
our server jason was amazing so friendly and nice !
just wan na update .
gross !
a long time ago they charged for using a credit card .
i told them it was unacceptable .
seriously , really had a great time .
we had carpet installed and sheet vinyl installed .
the atmosphere is more than pleasant and you ca n't beat the breakfast .
i regret giving a tip .
i ordered take out -- yellow curry and lemon chicken .
was n't good at all .
the atmosphere is very nice , charming decor and interesting paintings on the wall .
this place does serve good sandwiches for lunch .
overall , the food is too salty and too saucy .
quick and excellent food .
ugh messed up my night .
i had the tri tip enchilada plate which was very good .
it so `` i hate my life !
which i was not expecting .
place is a joke , and the bathrooms are nasty .
any time there 's a new song , i never hear it ever again .
`` $ _num_ to $ _num_ '' .
it 's a fun atmosphere with the italian grocery .
i definitely recommend this place .
they rubbed our feet and legs for a long time !
fast and pleasant service .
lon 's is a hidden gem off of lincoln drive .
not worth the money .
the coffee is good and fresh .
okay , i would n't go that far .
no _num_ lb .
it is a perfect date spot .
thank you paper place !
the food is excellent and fresh .
dry , gummy , yuck .
they said they could n't find my account .
i highly recommend trying their sausage .
i 've never seen such terrible etiquette on a golf course before .
this is a hidden gem .
this place was incredible .
he had two girls bang in the door .
love this place !
you know we are all loyal to our hair ladies !
it worked wonderfully and the staff was perfectly patient .
i do n't even want to waste time typing about the curry .
standard mexican fare - but quite delicious .
overall , good choice for mexican in old town and would return .
will recommend this location over any one in the east valley .
front cashier , older lady , was awful !
finally seated _num_ min later !
that 's the mark of a good tailor .
rude !
then as we chatted , with plates just sitting in front of us .
they will remember your name and they are such nice people .
i loved it as a kid and i love it now !
stellar place .
heard about this place since i moved to the area .
the lobster meat was very sweet but again fell flat on the seasonings .
not only does the food speak for itself , but the service is outstanding .
i go get them elsewhere both times after disappointed .
the service was great and would gladly go back .
the splash pad is a joke .
quickly did not come .
you really get a hollywood vibe here .
disgusting .
food was awful at best .
the food is great , the atmosphere is nice and the service is swift .
she said that was n't good enough , so she called my husband .
food has always been very good .
the entire branch is customer service driven .
and after enjoying it , take a quick nap before you hit the road .
great carne asada chimi , combo # _num_ , crispy and flavorful .
sorry brow lady , but that was just a little ridiculous .
they were fantastic !
when i said no , he rolled his eyes and shook his head .
it went from wandering to perfection , thank you very much , pat !
for the price a great buy on a beautiful saturday morning .
i ca n't imagine spending $ _num_ for one of these half sandwiches .
go see anna ... she really made the experience worthwhile .
i am not sure if the kitchen is in the same education .
very tasty , it said it was hot and spicy on the menu .
food was ok , bulgogi was a little too sweet .
absolutely delicious , some of the best mexican we 've ever had .
very nice server , thank you .
i had the quick start loaded which was delicious .
when i got my breakfast , yup , you guessed it .
sometimes the tuna salad will have _num_ lbs .
at this point the manicure was looking to take another hour .
ugh .
despite my complaining , i continue to go back , every week ... why ?
yes my favorite place .
the sauce is fantastic .
the first night i was there i had _num_ green flies in my room .
i would def recommend him to anyone .
i came in early and the staff was so friendly and helpful .
what a disappointment .
food , drinks , urban atmosphere , location -- this place has it all .
the christmas decor is amazing !
i recommend them to everyone with children .
the food is only average as is the wine .
the best sea bass ever !
always a great place and i think they gotten better with the move .
the last chinese restaurant that i loved closed .
it was a pleasant surprise but honestly .
good service .
it was gross .
one of my favorite local eateries in town .
do yourself a favor and try it !
the staff was totally rude .
i do n't like to eat a meal that is not presented nicely .
wow !
we 'll definitely go back !
this was a great vacation getaway .
this place is very cool and laid back .
all very good .
he is simply said `` simply the best .
the new menu is horrible and does not work .
the last _num_ visits have been horrific .
i love discount tire .
i wo n't be going back .
my comment was removed as well .
the service is almost always fast and the employees are always nice .
none of the extreme symptoms were apparent .
very quick delivery and always hot food !
no one at corporate or the front office care about anything going on .
she was comfortable and confident .
the eggplant hummus appetizer was off the charts good .
she also was very attentive with our drinks .
the cheesesteak sandwich is the best in town .
i woke up sweaty and it was n't that hot of a day .
great local spot !
why am i paying for two hours of work ?
however when you go to pay , you can pay separately .
in a more than necessary rude tone .
and maybe better than all of that , they are consistent !
the interior was very nice and our waiter was friendly .
this is by far the worst mexican place ever .
awesome place !
love this place .
the food is good , the patio and new bar are are set-up well .
i 'll definitely become a regular here .
it is not like they were slammed or anything , just poor service .
they offer good discounts and i love their staff .
best breakfast in scottsdale !
the chilli is good stuff .
everyone is so friendly and the food is made quickly !
salads are great and so is service .
so therefore , i am assuming that these people do not exist .
cooper ... is most amazing !
the food remains terrific , especially the boneless buttermilk fried chicken .
the service and prices are great .
he refused to answer only stating that he would get the waiter .
the service was phenomenal and will definitely go back again and again !
she was also very attentive while i was in the pedi chair .
it 's like going out on an expensive blind date .
keep up the awesome customer service !
the front desk staff is very helpful .
i used to love the improv , i hated when it closed .
the appetizers were wonderful .
jennifer is very friendly .
i love this place !
management is easy to work with and accommodate where they can .
the owner is extremely attentive , nice , and knowledgeable .
remember eating here a couple years ago and the pho was really bland .
i am only sorry i could not give it a _num_ star rating .
this place is great .
friendly staff and consistent quality have made us regulars at the brew .
_num_ p.m. arrival .
$ _num_ for a draft ?
worst experience .
we 've been seeing joe for about two years now and love him !
overall do n't waste your money and your palette .
when our friend got there , the server kept trying to take our order .
wonderful used and rare bookstore .
i 'm sad as i 'm going to miss this place .
do not use even if your home warranty wants to send them !
all in all i really enjoyed the coach house .
he sent it back , and it came back the same way .
mario was sooo nice !
exceptional rotating exhibits and permanent collection .
good food but the staff is so disorganized it 's not worth the trouble .
however , my experiences at pita jungle have been far from glowing .
great place cheers !
we had some margaritas - overly sweet and completely forgettable .
great food and awesome service !
from the freshness of the table bread and salad , to the main course .
i appreciate customer service , and this place lacks it tremendously .
and to top it off , the food is amazing !
i recommend this place to anyone !
the music is uplifting .
terrible terrible food .
great golf course !
it 's got a really nice bar area plus pool tables .
real deal great food here .
great place , with some great bar food too !
we love the renaissance festival .
i really loved the steak taco dinner !
strawberries and almonds were a nice touch .
they always get the work done in a timely fashion .
the food is fresh and well prepared .
i had the best experience !
they also are the best price in the area .
always dependable .
great happy hour and great service !
please go if you 're in downtown mesa .
the food is very good and comes in substantial portion sizes .
only downside is it is pretty expensive on certain things !
the patio has great views especially at sunset .
i love the bento boxes , everything is always fresh .
well this is not a place to order a cheesesteak .
in all , we had a very good experience .
not a resort feel , more like an apartment complex .
the car was very nice .
i really do n't get it .
during happy hour its free !
the staff knows there stuff !
wow were they bad .
the flan was excellent .
i just signed my 4th lease here and love living here .
hands down favorite sandwich shop in the greater phoenix area .
no greeting as i came in .
great service , super sweet wine list .
i had the coffee cake and it was perfect .
incredibly underwhelming .
dr. davis and his staff are absolutely wonderful !
i also could not smell any hint of dry cleaning fluid odor .
pizza for _num_ with garlic knots and drinks , fifteen bucks .
customer service is hit and miss with these guys .
i can write reviews again !
it was my gf bday and she made sure we had a great experience .
she also said they would order the dress 3-4 sizes bigger .
first time here and i 'm in love !
newly remodeled with a very modern feel .
they 're booking up pretty quickly but she worked with me and my schedule .
mmmmm , the orange blossom beer is worth the trip every time .
highly recommended .
i think i had the worst pizza i 've ever had in my life .
our drink order arrived wrong , but our waitress quickly fixed it .
first thing , there was no wi-fi in my room .
this is my favorite restaurant in the valley .
on various visits , they have been out of straws , cups and soy .
service was great .
very happy with the response and communication !
great server at the bar !
and i highly recommend both the locals and tourists to avoid this place .
todd was our server and he was very nice and patient with us .
i immediately said forget it and walked out .
this place is the worst .
he is a brow artist .
i ca n't stand it .
good place to unwind and have some wine .
my child loves it and is very comfortable and happy there .
i 'm sorry - look around .
the restaurant was very clean , and the atmosphere was fun .
staff is always friendly an helpful .
super friendly and efficient customer service !
this place is worth a look !
the restaurant is sophisticated without being pretentious .
not even an apology for the rudeness and mix up .
the empanadas are legit !
my wife insisted we try this place because she 's really into hot wings .
the only excitement we experienced was getting in the car to go home .
the best .
it is exceptional .
the employees are always very helpful and nice .
nice selection of food .
like i did , be prepared for disappointment .
great location and across the road is a really great gelato place too !
excellent food coupled with what is now great service .
lots of nice home decor and gift ideas !
ordered one drink then got the hell out .
we also enjoyed the heirloom tomato salad and the spicy edamame .
this place is horrible !
i really have tried to give this restaurant a shot .
ordered carne asada fries and it tasted like mush as well .
always a big smile on his face !
the work was top notch , and the prices were completely fair and honest .
great restaurant !
angel is very passionate , knowledgable and friendly !
gorgeous place , very friendly , clean and a great location .
the novelty of eating at the airport was a nice family experience .
love love love this store !
be fucking nice .
i ordered mole ribs , and the were inedible .
delish with great service .
first of all they are sooo slow !
however , the food is not quite thai food .
located in beautiful downtown chandler , this is a gem .
they did n't dry my front or back bumper .
deserves _num_ stars .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .
so i do appreciate the effort of the remodel .
i seriously recommend this place if you want tasty food with a nice atmosphere .
the others i ate with had food that was pretty mediocre .
the only reason to live here is because it 's somewhat cheap .
terrible service today !
me : i know , except that this ride is for tomorrow morning .
the service is fast and friendly and the food is amazing .
i ordered a chicken sandwich with onion rings and a soda .
i will not be returning here again !
i was disappointed with the opportunity to sing .
is so cute : ) i will be back for amazing italian food !
quality of food for price is outstanding .
needless to say , we will be back !
sadly , the hollandaise sauce tasted more like lemonade than hollandaise .
they have boiled bagels and are wonderful .
i love the coffee ice cubes - really cool idea .
the staff is awesome , really friendly and fast .
service is always good and the food is always fresh .
great spot to karaoke !
major disappointment .
fresh bagels & great cream cheese perfectly paired together !
do n't think we 'll be going back .
i do not recommend macayo 's in any way , shape or form .
i love this place !
an hour seems a bit long for a place _num_ miles away .
this is one of my favorite restaurants in the country .
do yourself a favor and skip this place .
we will definitely be back .
food was uninspired .
she made me super blonde today and my hair looks and feels great !
we ordered pizza for the table and everyone really enjoyed it !
astounding view of the valley , amazing food , and excellent service .
staff is good .
definitely recommend them !
the rooms were really nice and the bed was super comfy .
i got nothing from the visit and the people in the office were unfriendly .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !
nothing helped .
overall , they made my first experience ordering flowers online a very pleasant experience .
my favorite thing here has got to be the orange blossom .
very nice staff .
i had the james dean sundae .
perfect to start your day with a hearty breakfast .
to me , that is extraordinary service .
no bread for _num_ minutes and was cold .
worst stay ever !
their bartender , shelly is world class .
fast and good service .
it tasted like how sewage would taste .
the food , service , and atmosphere are awesome .
portions n prices were great !
you could not pay me to go back !
i come to this subway quite often for lunch and i am always pleased .
i declined on their offer , but appreciated the gesture !
the food is fresh and the cooks work so fast .
i did ask without knowing and it paid off !
very great guy !
we ordered the crab cakes for an appetizer , and they were absolutely delicious .
even before we left the restaurant i felt sick to my stomach .
my husband and i shared the california flat bread .
one thing that was another turn off was how loud the band was .
good place to eat and also if you have to run errands .
i thought their prices were very good .
this branch is our 1st choice !
the french toast is awesome .
needless to say , we wo n't be returning .
thanks to all the yelpers i found this great place .
extremely happy with chandler auto body !
we sat down at _num_ , ordered by _num_ .
an embarrassment to the irish bar name .
pleasantly surprised .
drove to staples to pick up some office supplies for my son .
the place is small , clean and very friendly .
you need to empty your pockets too .
every time it have been bold , i 've really enjoyed it .
she continued to shout and is just flat out rude .
he was awesome , professional and very helpful .
they have the best margaritas !
absolutely love this place .
nothing special and the drinks are n't cheap .
only one word sums up this food - - awful !
amazing selection of deli meats !
totally unacceptable .
they helped me with a guitar that needed repair .
it 's family style dining and all you can eat .
like they are doing you a favor by being open .
i really do n't know why this place has so many awesome reviews .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
two times i tried to go her , and two times i was denied .
tammy also did a very nice job helping me out , love this place .
i ordered the beef and broccoli and it was amazing !
very poor service and getting worse .
staff is also very friendly .
got sushi is a little restaurant with a warm atmosphere .
definite recommend !
umm ... not $ _num_ !
the oven brick pizzas are amazing and the wine selection is great .
we love this place !
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .
however , this place really needs new bartenders .
absolutely devine resort .
will overlook the bad service , cause the place is great .
the staff was so amazing on the first and second visit for cleanings .
do not use this company !
_num_ dogs and a cat .
do n't waste your money .
very very yummy little to sweet !
this was the best meal i have had since moving to arizona .
i am so sorry mr. wright but your building needs an upgrade .
employees are nice and do a good job .
highly recommend !
orange table ?
we had a great time fun and laughs .
they go perfect with anything .
very good food !
the restaurant is traditional , service is kind and fast and prices are low .
i need the thrill of the hunt !
the only positive about this place was the server .
got ta love bosa !
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .
great food at a great price !
do your research and not just online as the advertising is misleading !
no one wants to pay $ _num_ for shitty sushi .
great job guys !
truly wonderful company who comes through on their promises .
i finally found my dive bar .
please do not frequent this store .
their happy hour is cheap ( dollar off margs and 1/2 price appetizers ) .
loves .
worth the drive at least once .
thank you european cleaners for wasting my time , money , and patience .
they must have had an off night as everything was below standards .
the food is amazing !
this location seems be in epic fail mode .
they were almost certainly _num_ % soda water with a lime .
wonderful place to have dinner with a special person .
completely tasteless , poorly prepared , and had a bad texture .
no paper cutter to be found .
great menu !
best place in the valley to get your brakes worked on or replaced .
me ( thought ) : _num_ .
we went in the evening and the view was breathtaking !
it was n't really bad , but it was n't great , either .
it was an old fashioned ice cream parlor and was a pleasure .
the people who works in there were so friendly .
i have no problem paying for my mimosas but these were average at best .
the .
always a treat .
the taste was sour , burnt , and harsh .
they even have a nice coffee maker .
the margaritas and tacos were delicious and full of flavor .
one of the best breakfast places in phoenix .
it was awful .
excellent food and great people !
our waitress was great and kept our glasses full .
ordered rush street pizza for the first and last time .
not the only place in town with televisions .
epic pool .
thank you fellow yelpers for helping me find this business !
he 's the best !
first time , stopped in for lunch .
the atmosphere is nice and intimate .
i am thoroughly disappointed .
reasonable wine prices and great selection .
one star because there is no zero star ... .
thank you alexis for making our dinner great !
i have been here for breakfast a few times and i love it !
friend : no , just a regular caesar salad .
i went here on a saturday night with a group of _num_ .
have been here twice on business trips and both meals were very pleasant experiences .
first of all , too expensive .
wow .
i think the food is wonderful .
very rude over the phone when i tried scheduling an appointment .
everyone was so sweet to my service dog and i .
no hot sauce or ranch ?
not only did he `` look around '' he sprayed my room !
honey 's pasta was really disappointing .
by december 9th , i still had not received my photos .
great job guys .
i 'll take the last _num_ thank you .
i could not understand my doctor at all .
i had a pepperoni slice and it was great !
whenever i 'm in scottsdale , i always enjoy having a few drinks here .
always a good time !
stephanie is a great sales girl .
desperate need of some tlc .
tuna was excellent .
i love sephora .
great job guys !
g & s has become a welcome part of my weekly dining rotation .
the food here is pretty blah .
she is quick and efficient and professional .
simple sandwiches , good price .
overall not worth at all just gon na go to taco bell next time .
they suggested i leave the car but could n't guarantee anything would be done .
the halibut and ahi was fantastic with very complementary sauces .
i had a great experience at salon tru .
i arrived and no one was available to help me .
ugh , this place is lame .
i had a baseball cut and it was amazing !
save your money and sleep in your car .
the clothing is very nice !
i 'm not really impressed with the location .
it 's paired with this sweet apricot jam and brown gravy .
coffee is always awesome & gabe the manager is always there with a smile .
it was fun and i will go back .
service is attentive , friendly and prompt .
but the crowd and music is great so you wo n't even notice .
the stetson chopped salad has got me hooked on this place .
the whole theme of kazimierz is pretty cool .
we loved the huevos con masa , the cornbread was delicious .
this will definitely be my go to ribs place .
people are always standing out the door and waiting for food .
wonderful owners !
this place was the worst establishment i have every seen .
or _num_ thin little steaks almost $ _num_ ?
they have the best orange chicken and kung pao .
they ambiance is fine .
i love this place !
so disappointed !
the food is just terrible .
it has really gone downhill .
the mozzarella sticks were bland and the sauce was a really weird flavor .
they have a lot of tvs ... if you dont mind poor quality .
authentic mexican fare in downtown chandler .
staff always friendly .
thanks for taking great care of me , see you soon !
great service !
sorry cowboy ciao , we 're done giving you our business .
and your business is going downhill ?
i was impressed .
excellent food !
it was awesome !
gorgeous .
next to trails , this place charges too much for their hookah merchandise .
everything is great , especially the golden medium boneless wings .
horrible !
fun small historical find .
no respect for my time !
it will do great .
so we were walking north and walked by italian grotto .
really good mexican food , check .
i do wish she would have stopped by and acknowledged the issue .
absolutely perfect !
never have i been so disrespected by an employee at an establishment .
love love love this place !
thank you !
so , the work was not done on time and i was way overcharged .
service is great .
it did not taste fresh or sweet .
attended a wedding at the museum and it was amazing !
best gluten free pizza i have ever tasted .
love this place .
not impressed .
highly recommended .
based on this experience i would never stay here again .
our waitress did an outstanding job .
she said she would call back with an offer .
the hummus was creamy and the bread was a great free starter .
ordered a large cheese pie thin crust and a large new york style crust .
it was an outstanding experience !
every there was real nice and professional i 'm supper happy with the service !
we found this little gem on a business trip to mesa .
i will spare too much detail here .
nail tech did excellent job .
the best thing i ate was the fortune cookie ... .
the top half did n't work and the water was cold .
server did n't know much about the food either .
their receptionist was rude .
this experience ruined what should have been wonderful weekend getaway .
i love going places where they remember me !
i had the paella and my friend has steak .
i would skip this place .
we have had fun with my color and cuts over the years .
there is no way we will be back .
their biscuits and gravy are the best !
_num_ ) parking is a pain in the rear .
tip ... the tomato type sauce that come with the mussels is so good !
plenty of food for your $ that is made w/ love .
i love rumors and becky !
the wait staff are always pleasant and full of smiles .
great experience i will be back !
i wish i had a subway nearby .
bar is popular with locals .
this place is definitely worth a try !
happy hour food and drink specials delicious and good value .
i 've already recommended a friend to go here and with gina !
after the last time i have stopped going and will not be back .
jason ( manager ) was really helpful and honest .
she is very gifted in color and hair style ... a true artist !
truly relaxing .
simply amazing !
i was craving pasta with something ... something i ca n't make at home .
the service was great and the food was pretty good .
had a wonderful dinner on the patio at sunset .
the burgers are delicious !
food is always fresh & delicious !
i 'll be seeing you again soon !
tables and a great bar area .
it has an old world feel .
thought we 'd give it a try ... .
it feels just so authentic .
patio is loud .
if i could give zero stars i would .
excellent service .
this car wash sucks !
this is my favorite spa in the world !
ive tried this place twice .
it was clear this is the way the manager runs the store .
i will definitely be back .
great happy hour !
but now they get very defensive and say he did n't miss anything .
friendly and efficient , with a beautiful outdoor seating that we took advantage of .
they made personalized conversation and seemed genuinely happy to help .
its gotten considerably worse .
i thought that was so awesome !
good ole dq .
food is excellent .
the boneless wings are really good and their peppercorn dipping sauce is amazing .
i was n't much of a fan of the atmosphere or the food .
he insisted that i needed to get work started right away .
good food , was here for a work lunch .
( takes me back to the late _num_ 's ) .
i did and got a terrible job .
a go to for me , always the best service and lively atmosphere .
this place has a great twist to mexican food !
this place was great !
a new manager is desperately needed !
this is a huge step above filiberto 's type places .
we also ordered a red velvet and a vanilla bean cupcake .
this is the worst mexican food i have ever eaten !
but my point is that there was attitude and we we 're treated poorly .
not impressed with the onion rings ... too greasy with an unpleasant aftertaste .
no thanks .
really good neighborhood joint !
it 's a great place to come and celebrate - do n't miss it !
they have mini burritos so i tried two and they were really good .
bad service .
big mistake .
this tastes amazing !
the cheese enchilada was still raw , the cheese not melted .
i love the $ 5-6 soup !
my drink order was right on the money !
i told them i had a bad experience last time .
in addition , we asked for the heater to be turned on again ... .
they really do have super great burritos .
i went and sat down at the bar and ordered _num_ drinks .
excellent happy hour !
the wings were n't even trimmed !
overall really good experience .
the best pizza i 've had in a long time !
so far , i have found hidden gems at this location .
i had a cold so i asked for french onion soup .
it draws you in and keeps you in .
he told me it opens at _num_ .
party of _num_ .
friendly , attentive and fun .
all of this was _num_ .
and the bathrooms are adorable !
like wow .
emily is my go to gal and is very good at what she does .
i could have gotten a salad and a sandwich for less than $ _num_ .
one thing i love about this bar is the jukebox .
but it was worth it .
food was ok but nothing special .
the price of the food and drinks is just right too .
as a pizza lover i had to try their pie and it is delicious !
just use him and you will feel results .
the staff are knowledgable and always helpful .
do n't waste you time and money with this place .
old , dusty , very tired decor .
frank just shrugged and walked off .
oh yeah , and they remembered to place our food order ... good times .
excellent food across the board !
came here with my family and was pleasantly surprised .
i enjoy their lunch salads .
i recommend them to everyone .
this is an interesting option for asian cuisine .
best beer selection and a great staff that is passionate about beer .
price was just right and the service was very good .
the menu is absurd .
very personable and helpful with the menu .
i sat at the bar and the lady working was nice and funny .
the beet salad was quite unique .
thank you for making me a regular again .
do yourself a favor and try another place for greek food .
( is n't that standard for a pedicure ?
as soon as we finished dessert , our water glasses and napkins were removed .
highly recommended this place !
but i have never been treated like that before as a guest .
my favorite dish hands down are the ribs , talk about bliss !
dr. wright is a great !
fantastic in every way .
great place to dine while visiting scottsdale !
we were beyond pleased with the taste and quality of the bagels !
the unagi was fantastic .
the food i ordered ( chicken fajita ) was nothing short of disgusting .
ugh .
thank you brakes plus for always taking care of my car .
ramon and danielle are excellent hosts to their customers and the food is great .
terrible customer service .
they are really nice and i feel comfortable having my car worked here .
other _num_ had the chicken enchiladas , they smelled like cat food .
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .
this company is a outstanding company to do business with .
i recommend him to all my friends .
extremely rude and inconsiderate .
i love the atmosphere here .
point break roll - awesome !
excited !
waste of mood .
go to another dentist if you want to be taken care of properly .
this place blows and i absolutely hated living here .
highly recommended on christmas .
from the quality beef to the exquisite buns these are awesome .
fresh doughnuts made throughout the day .
tried their hummus today with my wife and that 's delicious as well .
one of the best burgers in town !
i mean for real , this place was such a let down .
warning to all customers !
its depressing .
great staff !
it was like an asian spring roll with chunks of italian sausage inside !
this is the first time i have actually eaten at a venezia 's .
well that was the first bad sign of staying in an outdated hotel .
... because you will not find that here .
always satisfied and reasonable prices .
the ice cream is very good and the smoothies are on point .
were honest .
small `` hole-in-the-wall '' , but very authentic .
my filet was cooked to perfection and the wine was great as well !
always fast and easy and remembers a lot of people .
i 'm disappointed and now searching for somewhere to eat .
the place is pretty busy , which seemed like a good sign .
i love it .
we ordered the carbonara and the sweet potato ravioli and both were amazing !
it is a gem and we love the outdoor patio .
loved the wine selection and other grocery goodies !
the place looks awesome !
the waitstaff is knowledgeable and hip .
i would recommend to anyone with any type of car !
staff was interesting to talk to .
visiting my brother and meeting the locals made this place a must visit .
only _num_ maintenance guy on staff .
my girlfriend gives this business a solid _num_ stars !
the food is exquisite with exceptional flavor combinations and some unique ingredients .
unfortunately he was n't friendly , attentive , or patient at all .
nancy the owner and the entire staff is friendly and accommodating .
it started out well though .
very cool country ball with a live band .
i have no idea how a person can be so cold .
review worthy experience for sure !
first love the location !
if you love cheese , you will love this place .
great service , nice environment , wonderfully prepared food .
i will definately use them again !
it was by far the best thing i had all night !
this was the worst service i have received in years .
she made me feel like an important client .
excellent service .
it 's still the same and still as good .
great food and the service was excellent .
i always feel like my shopping is a success after happy hour here .
oh , and they have the oldest and worst website i 've ever seen .
it just did n't taste fresh .
inattentive .
i 'd definitely eat there again .
this is my local pizza hut location .
arrowhead grill in glendale blows this away for this price point .
called dodge electric regarding an outside outlet that was n't working .
she loves it .
delicious !
well they may have dropped the fuel tank and washed it .
great selection of buttons too .
horrible .
we got the sicilian and it 's totally enough for 3-4 people .
staff is very friendly and professional .
very good experience had here !
it looked nothing like what i have come to expect .
overall , a great experience !
everyone in our group is a converted fan and we will definitely be back !
the best part of this restaurant was definitely the service .
we loved everything .
it was a horrible experience .
they are good quality too , especially for the price .
i should have grabbed them then , but he had my $ _num_ .
rare to find such an awesome place !
office staff is spectacular !
i had the pastrami smoked short ribs , absolutely outstanding !
not like we 'll be missed .
very unhappy with them .
great food great prices .
it 's all about the food ?
the rice was meh and the chicken tacos were okay .
i doubt they could do even that .
the office is super clean .
the resort and service was great .
the food was way over priced , and not that great .
the best donuts in the az !
the noodles were also way too thin !
wonderful reception from kayla .
they do a wonderful job and friendly staff .
the ladies who work there are always very welcoming and pleasant .
the crepes in the cannelloni were very rubbery and the filling lacked flavor .
i would and have recommended this company !
this is a beautiful spot , very romantic on a weekend night .
convenient and delicious .
outdoor seating is a must here .
we are coming back every day so you know the food is good .
best vegetarian sushi !
employees are very friendly .
it 's reasons like this that comedy clubs get a bad wrap .
i had a fantastic experience .
food so good you just want to fuck it rather than actually eat it !
even after i told her i would like to order the dress .
all in all , my daughter had a great time .
of all the restaurants i have been to this is the worst .
on top of the horrible front office people .
again and as told they were trying to locate it .
not sure what , but it was missing something !
this is a go to restaurant for our family .
the sprint employee next door began looking for the radio shack employee .
this place is just a complete joke !
so far , so good .
is there a new chef , an incompetent manager ?
something about that combination for me is soothing .
staff was helpful and chatty , which is always nice !
she was too busy talking to the other girl behind the counter .
we also ordered some mild wings that they said were the best wings ever .
but this place was definitely a good find and i left thoroughly happy .
fast , reliable service !
still waiting on the call back .
been coming here for years .
the prices are seriously reasonable for the food and for the atmosphere .
now to the ugly about this place ... it 's grossly overpriced .
i loved all the bar games , and the big front patio .
the guys are super cool and ready to go the extra mile .
the people who attend the pool , wonderful .
first of all , delicious food !
two thumbs up !
loved the fried chimichanga .
i love the wheel and the little people there .
thanks alex !
the italian bread alone is worth the trip .
hard to park and get into most times , but well worth it .
i love the food this place serves .
the atmosphere is very `` new york italian '' .
there was no `` wow moment . ''
they have a wide variety of brands .
the incredibly stale chips do n't even begin to fill the void .
the ribs were stringy and full of fat .
liked the decor as well .
this place was full of locals , who always know best .
this was my 1st visit .
great meat , great prices .
great coffee .
sonic always has the best cold drinks .
no thanks .
the donuts are underwhelming .
place looks immaculate and the food is good as usual .
i found a full service gas station !
what a fun place !
i will be back !
fantastic service and extremely helpful .
it was absolutely amazing !
he insisted that i need synthetic because otherwise it will void my dealership warranty .
close to $ _num_ dollars for that was way over priced .
chicken quesadilla was okay but i 've had better .
zero stars .
thank you nail works and spa , you guys are great !
the pizza was bland , as was the staff .
so ridiculous !
oregano 's is nothing special .
the best way i can describe my experience here tonight is just meh .
our waiters were great and attentive .
the bartenders are always on top of their game !
no other fish with that ? ''
no one called me back .
small loaf of heated bread is a plus .
i hate to give this place a bad review .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .
the food was decent but nothing special .
food is good and a nice place to relax with friends who have dogs .
for $ _num_ , i expect a lot more .
our pup is finally starting to feel better .
the two gentleman working the meat counter had less meat knowledge than i did .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .
this is a cute brunch spot .
totally worth the cash .
wow !
i love this place .
i will return !
it was amazing .
so this was a delightful touch .
everything was delicious !
get the ghetto basketball court out .
this is likely the finest grocery store in the valley .
i do not suggest going to this place .
overall well done .
night , very crowded , food good for price .
once the food was delivered the server was never to be found .
thanks .
i love this place !
the drink prices are good any time of day .
every time i come here the service is really bad .
she has a great balance of professionalism and friendliness .
the inside is cute like a mardi gras kind of theme .
ridiculous !
best cut of meat anywhere .
i found so many cool treasures at this place .
if you want something beyond the traditional enchilada or burrito , they got it .
he made it a very relaxed experience , without any pressure or stress !
the staff is friendly and extremely helpful !
when i got it home it was a chopped salad and shirt rib risotto .
the cashier was so rude .
but the family bean curd ( tofu ) dish is perfectly tasteful and spicy .
we were full and very happy .
well , i was wrong again .
interesting , well organized antique store which can be challenging .
the kitchen dishes out straightforward , fresh seafood .
my blood may be rare , but so is my patience .
the food is consistent , and the service very courteous .
ill keep this short and sweet .
service was so friendly and attentive .
i mean way worse than tsa !
it was the most ridiculous display of what not to do as a manager .
the dining room was dated and the food was disgusting .
drinks at the bar are good and the bartenders are friendly .
wow !
tiny spent care cutting my hair and she was amazing .
the soup course consisted of a vegetable lobster soup .
i will never purchase another lv bag again .
on another visit , i waited over an hour in the waiting room .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !
good atmosphere and customer service while allowing you relax and enjoy your meal .
i just went here with my daughter .
anyone who gave this place above two stars does not have taste buds .
the biggest upset was our takeout order did not come with chips .
two stars for being open _num_ hours , just not worth the wait though .
all the people i dealt with were first class and professional .
exquisite martinis .
not only that , the cups were dirty and old .
certainly says something .
_num_ ) _num_ % of the electrical outlets did n't work .
we were also very happy with the wine .
everyone that works there is so friendly and helpful .
my husband had the fish tacos ; very good .
food is absolutely delicious and the ambience is just perfect .
both steaks were perfectly cooked and tasted better than expected .
wonderful , casual atmosphere .
good location , friendly staff .
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .
atmosphere is a1 .
the gentleman said they closed at 9:30 ... did n't seem right .
our little blonde waitress melanie was friendly and nice .
two tables of patrons in the whole restaurant but no patrick .
i 've tried this place several times .
no one asked if we were there to dine .
this place really should get _num_ stars but it does n't even deserve _num_ .
the entire staff is compassionate , educated , thorough and professional .
this is why i think car dealerships are disgusting .
do not eat at this place !
they have the best happy hour location and best burger .
kid friendly .
highly recommend the salon .
the best customer service and advice .
the stay at the holiday inn made it a little better .
the sushi here is really good and affordable .
this is the best paint store ever .
great nightly specials all on display when you walk in .
we sat on down and ordered our food .
no plans to return .
i wish i would looked at these other yelp reviews before i went there .
the best collection of glass art ever .
it was seriously the best pizza i 've ever had .
the cashiers are super slow at taking orders and getting food orders out .
so , she said she would put a credit down under my name .
the views here are breathtaking and even the range and practice areas are perfect .
this place just lost _num_ potential clients from not answering their phones .
i tried on several more dresses and she was great !
every dish i 've had was flavored in a very tasteful way .
love this place .
staff was not friendly to begin with .
love this location !
i doubt if i 'll be back .
went across to yard house , much better .
there 's nothing else on the menu worth ordering .
i mean that 's been my experience !
i 'm so thankful i found this office .
we called the restaurant and they did n't seem to care .
i had great time .
he went into the kitchen after the meal and thanked the cook ) .
dinners order by my colleagues were also very good , everyone enjoyed their meals .
we went there with high hopes & but got disappointment .
this is just as good .
the coffee was terrible and the burrito was yuck .
the ham was okay , but `` off the bone '' is an exaggeration .
this is pretty good place to workout overall .
i will not return here .
my waiter was johnny and he was very attentive .
thank you !
their rice tasted delicious .
i really love salon tru , amanda is great .
rice was n't wrapped all the way around rolls .
ace brand is cheaper price but the quality seems to be just as good !
terrible experience at this starbucks store the few times i have visited .
that may be a personal preference , but their sesame chicken is tremendous .
of course , no one reviewed the sushi yet .
amazing , wonderful , made our dream come true .
do n't think i will be coming back for a bit .
and our order should have went in at _num_ .
highly recommend !
great lunch spot , would highly recommend it .
the location and indoor/outdoor seating arrangement was nice .
lots of clothing in poor condition .
and to top it all off my boneless wings were barely coated with sauce .
seriously save yourself the time , money , and frustration go anywhere but here !
all were delicious !
i really like this place .
the staff was very nice as well .
i doubt i 'll go back .
was drinking beers was rude and extremely unprofessional .
its good here .
will definitely be back !
we returned to this location and a great experience .
the stay was excellent .
so save your money and go to oregano 's where they are not pretentious .
all in all though a ridiculous waste of my time .
this place is the truth !
if they make a mistake you pay for it .
we were very disappointed with our pizza .
the utensils used to prepare the food for lying on a dirty table .
my entire family gets their clothes dry cleaned here and we absolutely love it !
i thanked him and walked away .
( and thats a great thing ) .
first , the enchilada , refried beans and rice were cold on both plates .
the lack of knowledge from bryan was the worst .
favorite italian place in scottsdale !
do not waste your time or money .
my wedding day memories will forever be sour .
the food and service was excellent .
dos is a great bar to bring a group of friends !
this is ridiculous nonsense !
this place is horrible !
had the honey hot wings , it was n't bad , just mediocre .
called the clinic and explained what was happening and they got us right in .
if there was a no zero star this is what this place would get .
the sides were good .
the service was bad .
no pork tacos and no chai tea .
i live _num_ miles away !
they are honest and professional .
they are very friendly and helpful !
really friendly service .
terrible .
the hostess every time has been so sweet .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .
authentic and delicious !
the area was checked with a laser level and was good to go .
very comfortable and nice atmosphere.
terrible customer service .
good food and good service .
this was by far the worst jamba juice store i have been to .
this is a great place for lunch .
the salsa is so good i want to drink it .
seeing my food made is awesome !
the seafood was definitely quite fresh though .
my favorite local chinese restaurant !
and fell in love with the place and the people !
i had the king salmon with dill - perfect .
always clean and the food is fantastic .
but well worth it .
huge disappointment !
thanks , but i could 've done that myself .
love being able to order online and customize my families orders .
the mood is fun and the wait staff is awesome .
each meal is prepared in a manner that completely satisfies your palate .
so ... fix your website to reflect the correct hours .
it 's a great place for some dessert or for a whole meal .
the people are very nice wonderful salon .
wow , what a great decision .
the service was very good .
fresh chips and salsa and fabulous green chile .
we felt pretty ignored and uncomfortable during our dinner monday night .
come check it out !
the curries were pretty authentic and carried enough spice to make them very tasty .
we ordered beer and beer bites .
i highly recommend the cove .
my wife and i saw a musical here and loved the theatre .
bathrooms were super dirty and were n't stocked .
great eye care center !
visit their website and order online - pickup and enjoy .
beer is sub par and the staff are extremely rude .
heaven !
the office staff is friendly and it is a comfortable and laid back atmosphere .
we 'll continue to go to them with our other cat .
food and wine are a hit everytime we eat there .
will be visiting again soon !
i do n't understand how they can not have my will call tickets !
not to sound like a broken record ... but everyone here is right .
oh , no , no , no !
no one called me back , no one said anything .
besides being ridiculously rude , they have very inflated prices .
just no reason .
the food was shit , even the raspberry iced tea had no flavor .
i love this store .
it was dirty , nasty the previous time .
that bar experience left a bad taste in my mouth .
you 've got _num_ other rooms , put me in one of those !
everyone is so friendly and food is good .
prime rib is exquisite .
great service from melissa !
my wife and i love this place .
id recommend her to anyone !
but that no one would help me get the fabric .
it felt like they were trying to hurry us out of the restaurant .
excellent food and service .
i got a bunch of breakfast food and basically the whole order was wrong .
do n't get me wrong , we love this place for sure .
played here on wednesday and the course was immaculate .
very unpleasant sales associates .
very disappointed with this place on my most recent two visits .
great menu offering at a good value .
needless to say we wo n't be back .
when the pizza arrived it was cold .
the bad : well ... .
enter at your own risk , they use some pushy / slimy sales tactics .
yes the `` staff '' reached out to me .
but i 'm glad some people keep away - it means more for me !
best place to eat korean food .
i was impressed .
i ca n't even pretend to dig this scene .
drinks are well poured ( strong ) .
he is completely awesome .
service was outstanding as always and the food was fantastic !
marshall 's service center is the best auto service center i have ever experienced .
not good enough for me , we will never go back there again !
it looked awful .
the family that owns this place is great .
had to wait for service longer than usual .
trust but verify , i guess .
the spaghetti and meatballs looked something out of a can .
excellent service as always .
i highly recommend this dealership .
wow !
no trays of cinnamon rolls to be found .
the calzone was perfect .
bought them at the window and still paid _num_ bucks each in fees !
the bathroom has a tub and a separate shower which is nice .
btw one of the guys in my group got the wrong sandwich .
it has the most unique atmosphere .
the worst indian food in the area .
i received a vanilla brownie sunday instead of chocolate .
everything tasted good and the service was pretty good .
i am so upset it makes me sick !
so heavy on quinoa content , it overwhelmed everything else .
after about _num_ minutes , my pancake arrives .
to our disappointment this was a bad decision .
friendly atmosphere , super chill yet super fast !
a classic in az .
the servers are very unfriendly .
they still have sushi as well .
bland food , bland food , and bland food .
at best it was a _num_ star .
the flavor was superb ... .
the place was absolutely filthy and decor is outdated .
other restaurants give you steak in a bowl for about the same price .
outstanding .
avoid shows at this venue !
meaning bad queso and bad cheese enchiladas .
super cute store !
my friends and i had a great experience dining at grimaldi 's !
so good ca n't go wrong with anything you order .
impressive shot menu as well .
food is great usually especially the burritos .
this was very disappointing !
great job ladies !
how do you have bad bread ?
very caring family i highly recommend .
nice polite staff .
the ambiance was great .
awesome !
rude staff should make themselves an appointment .
everyone has been very friendly and professional with a job well done .
highly recommend .
nice service .
it has a lot to offer compared to just a regular restaurant .
honestly the only appetizing meal was the stir fry .
i love this place .
gorgeous , comfortable rooms and luxurious amenities .
service was very nice overall and our waiter was excellent .
keep it up !
very friendly service and prices are normal for a place like this .
we went home and then came back i think _num_ days later .
it is large , airy and pleasant .
i love blizzards !
you can save your `` excuse '' reply on trying to justify your practices .
one of my favorite places !
if your looking for something romantic .
just a warning for those of you looking for a great mexican meal .
great service , they know their clients by name , and have good prices !
not great .
which is always a bonus in scottsdale .
the coffee was one of the worst cups of coffee i 've ever had .
they care about their residents providing excellent service .
everything from ny steak to stir fry is on offer from great servers !
owner more than satisfied with their employees knowledge and service .
thank you for all your hard work for us !
and the sushi and the sashimi were just not that great .
the veggies with the sea bass were inedible .
this location served uncooked chicken tenders .
they gave me a key to someone 's room !
highly recommended !
i do not think it was real shrimp .
the atmosphere is great and it smells so delicious once you walk in .
the best salsa in town , for their style ( blended restaurant ) .
no one went to clean or check on them for the entire day .
my bite of monkey bread and the omelet were both good .
my gel manicure was perfect .
the baklava is the best i have ever had .
i go every year for an eye exam and this place is pretty awesome !
very frustrating .
great community , good location .
carne con queso was unique .
this place is awesome .
it just was n't anything i was super amazed about .
i ordered huevos rancheros and my friends ordered biscuits and gravy .
door was locked .
reminds me of a small town cafe , loved it and will go back !
my daughter is nine and already very serious about her art .
`` no prob .
delicious !
both very good .
i guess that was my fault .
the room smelled musty , was dated and felt kinda gross .
as i walked to the counter , my shoes stuck to the floor .
best chimichangas in phx .
fun , loud atmosphere .
a great time for all .
very patient .
my hubby had the veggie skewer and agreed it was very bland & tasteless .
again , she recommended i send it back .
results were good ; i ordered szechuan chicken .
the pools are impeccably kept and gym well maintained .
fun place to get some ice cream .
their wings are pretty darn good for the price .
_num_ . )
honey , i 've had better mexican food in dc .
if they ever mess up something they really care and fix it right away .
the best philly cheesesteak in town !
love it .
i do n't mind paying extra for convenience but that 's a little ridiculous .
we had one small issue and it was handled professionally and quick !
the asian fusion tastes are imaginative and unique .
i would have been shocked to find out any different .
i gave them one star because that is the worst i could give them .
amazing .
it 's refreshing to see all the good reviews .
worst service in scottsdale .
really great experience despite the uncomfortable nature of the procedure .
the gf and i were in search of a happy hour in the area .
food is fantastic !
i always special order things .
small deli serving up some delicious sandwiches !
doctors and staff are wonderful and painless .
no apology .
wasted _num_ min .
the food seems to be getting less tasty each time i come here .
great old fashioned doughnuts !
we had n't even sat down when the chips and salsa arrived .
they will rip you off .
not great .
this place was outstanding .
all the staff are very personal .
and the staff was great .
my sister 's four year old was also $ _num_ .
cheap and great take out food .
salad was drowned in dressing .
not so much .
so disappointing .
and the sandwich was a delight .
no refilling drinks ... and the list goes on .
had dinner here with my wife recently .
the portions are family style !
the pool area is the best as always .
it was gross , tasted old and bad fishy .
very authentic .
we just love the feel of a high end persian restaurant .
ridiculous place .
excellent wine .
speed of service was a little slow but friendly .
best place to take your car for repair bar none .
the burrito was in an extremely soggy tortilla .
we received excellent service !
great outdoor patio .
horrible customer service .
not worth it .
we love this good egg !
service is fast for crowd , very nice and friendly staff .
server got _num_ of _num_ wrong .
nice menu , and friendly staff .
great service !
i really love this place !
most of the time the service is excellent .
last time we were there it was valentine 's day .
using their online ordering system is a complete waste of time .
major kudos !
chicken sausages are awesome !
i would not recommend this place at all .
delicious !
the prickly pear margarita was delicious !
the waiters are wonderful .
i brought my wife here for her birthday .
first time here with family and we loved it !
the management is a joke and she is very rude .
i was offered no greeting at all .
zero stars in my book !
management really needs to work on communication amongst its workers .
pei wei .
these guys are great .
place has really gone downhill since the `` move '' .
the happy hour is awesome .
it is the new asu head coach , you know . ''
very satisfied .
great place to karaoke .
disappointing .
any of the mexican breakfast items are delicious .
nice experience .
their food and service is excellent .
well done .
excellent wine list .
good food but a terrible experience .
a great little spot .
gross !
so fresh !
the gentleman who helped me was very helpful and very attentive .
thank you thank you !
we moved here a few weeks ago from out of state .
definitely recommend this place .
wife and i both had wild boar meatballs !
it was good .
it was sorely disappointing .
just rude servers here .
it 's clean with plenty of space for even the largest working group lunch .
i 'm sorry but i must agree with several of the most recent reviews .
the espresso to milk ratio was way off as well .
look forward to going back with the family .
finally a place that understands the true meaning of `` extra cheese '' .
i wish i had eaten only the black bean tortillas and butter !
my family and i love cpk .
the food was so delicious !
extremely disappointing .
wow !
this is a great place for a romantic date .
my favorite , beside a slice and salad , is their eggplant parm sandwich .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .
left numerous voice mail messages and emails - none returned .
this is a great place to take the kiddos for a couple of hours .
they then told me the fuel pump was broken and needed to be replaced .
the vegetable of the day was some gross mixed veggies from a can .
fast , tasty and affordable .
the food here is bland and boring and bad .
the staff were awesome and extremely helpful !
the food was great .
sides are amazing and service is 2nd to none .
jeff helped me and he was great !
america !
horrible , thirty minutes for drinks and an hour thirty for food .
it was very greasy but oddly the tortilla was hard and cardboard like .
the owner is originally from new york so he knows his pizza !
the people at the door had the worst attitudes i have ever come across .
_num_ minutes in i call back and just cancel my order .
the rest of it is bland .
avoid this awful nail salon !
the manager gave me the bullshit that they are service dogs .
great food and service .
the service is great food comes out fast .
guess it was a good thing we paid cash and did n't need change .
the food is amazing with some amazing sauces .
the could use music , better lighting , and better service .
i was absolutely wrong .
there were cockroaches crawling on the bar top .
called back , no answer .
jen , samantha , and shelly are the best hands down .
if you like boring corporate cookie cutter ideas ... this is your place .
service , atmosphere and just an experience .
always consistently good with terrific service .
typically order delivery and it arrives in reasonable time , every time .
5pm - 7pm is happy hour .
i meat and cheese available at the deli counter is exquisite .
the mozzarella was soooo good !
i am so happy this place is across the street from me !
great sausage and pepper sandwich , reasonably priced .
quality is bad but again , i dont expect much out of these places .
love the village tavern !
the food was absolutely fabulous .
wow .
my waitress to her credit noticed it and the food was never set down .
it all went downhill from there .
we all have choices , dominos and this location always does a great job !
i would highly recommend this place .
best wings you will find anywhere .
i really want a rug thats not priced .
maybe last week when they sauteed it but now it was a soggy mess .
delicious !
kitchen appliances were terrible , carpet was cheap and uncomfortable .
the food is delicious .
still our waiter was attentive and friendly .
greatness .
professionalism fail .
been over a month and have n't even received a courtesy email .
unfortunately , the food was less then mediocre at best .
fantastic ambiance , service , and food -- thanks , los olivos !
highly recommended for a good night out .
i 've never paid so much to be so disappointed in my life .
good size food but the location is what makes it great .
wow !
the menu has a great selection to choose from .
love the christmas decorations , bartenders the best .
the flavor and texture of the brats were spot on perfection .
never once have i been made to feel very welcomed .
the carne adovada was tender and cooked to perfection .
i had lamb kabob and was very pleased .
do n't ever use them , they are incompetent .
i love this salon .
wow , this was some amazing food .
pretty good concept if you ask me .
this place is such a scottsdale institution !
the shrimp is great .
they have amazing fresh juices , i enjoyed the pineapple juice .
you are accommodating , flexible and our kids actually like going to the dentist !
service is always good even when it is packed .
so unless you want to be refused service , try another location .
we moved to chandler from tempe _num_ months ago and dig this little place .
the food is even better !
it is nothing that i would rave about .
my friend had the spicy seafood soup and it was great .
in addition to the service the music was great .
this was literally the worst service i have ever had .
skip this place and go elsewhere to spend your money .
always amazing food !
the food is so good here !
this is my favorite location in the valley .
love this place !
if you need a good tailor , go this this shop !
i give them no stars .
elaine , my dental hygienist , is awesome !
what an amazing team !
i really do n't like this place .
love the camelback soda !
pizza always comes in hot and tasty .
great service .
i will definitely come here again .
way too pink .
szechuan cuisine should have a little more kick , but it was good .
this is unacceptable behavior from anyone in any business .
make jokes after you give me everything i 'm there for .
we had a great suite and really enjoyed the pools and the tennis courts .
just went last night ... great !
i recently hosted a company team event on the dolly steamboat .
i was happy that it was so quiet .
great happy hour !
no green onion , no tomato , no guac .
love to dance there .
what a great place for pizza .
my favorite restaurant .
love this place .
great tasting persian food .
the service was excellent .
the sommelier chris is so wonderful !
nothing fancy , just good old fashion mexican food .
sushi is mediocre .
the service was amazing .
was able to see the sunset , while we ate dinner .
so sad to have had a negative experience here after so many good ones .
comfortable seating inside and lots of outdoor seating when the weather is nice !
does anyone know what authentic chinese is ?
further , the acoustics are terrible .
the worst service .
overall , was expecting more from this place .
steaks ... .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
the food was mediocre , and not terribly hot .
best latin food i 've had in a long time .
the bar menu presents a real value during happy hour .
no one else in the pub seemed to care either .
good service & lines move pretty quick when their busy .
wings were good !
he was cool .
stop your chain addiction and try out one of these great local favorites !
great dinner with amazing friends before my stand up show this past sunday .
the service afterwards was terrible .
lol ... a ok with me !
i love the food here !
my biggest complaint , by far , is how bad the noise carries .
really had bad impression from first contact just from the rudeness on phone .
thanks bob , and the entire staff .
wow , the food here is so good and very cheap .
this is a cool store .
it 's a great change from starbucks and einstein 's .
the negative is that they close for a good portion of the summer .
fantastic food and great service .
love !
i will recommend john 's services to everyone as he exceeded my expectations !
tony was professional and answered all my questions .
oldtown scottsdale has a lot to offer as well .
loved it !
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
she did clean the mess but with the biggest attitude ever .
worst company in the face of the planet .
i highly recommend misty !
fantastic place for my pup .
great beer , great vibe , super friendly servers .
horrible experience yesterday .
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .
ordered linguini with seafood , was cold to the touch .
apparently they have been getting this a lot from midas customers .
disappointing .
are you kidding me ?
he did n't either , and was very clearly upset about being alone .
no shit its loud and dirty .
these guys are clean , professional , and respectful of your property and fixtures .
the ingredients definitely taste fresh and the food was well made .
a great mix of eclectic very good food .
this is a wonderful locally owned and operated sandwhich shop .
solid food , get the pork chop and the shrimp diablo .
great service food easy parking and a fantastic brunch .
big portions and top quality .
thanks for taking such good care of my best friend !
highly recommend the bbq chicken !
best ny pizza in the world .
i have been here twice and been impressed with their food both times .
it 's pretty simple and straight forward for the soft tacos i order .
waited for condiment until food got cold .
perfect service .
great meat and condiments .
amazing steaks served extra hot on a sizzling plate .
i have been here before and have been satisfied .
tasted like a honey glaze and was disgusting .
customer service is lacking .
this is probably my favorite sandwich shop !
they give us awesome deals , so we always go back .
their best meal is the baby back ribs .
delicious food .
service was good tonight , the food is always fresh and yummy .
he was really top notch , very knowledgeable and helpful .
you guys are so awesome !
this spot was recommended by a local that i trust with food choices .
thank you david !
polite , efficient and honest ?
pad tai was particularly tasty !
the food selection was poor .
this has to be the worst nail spa in arizona !
great fast cooking asian menu .
the waitresses are very friendly and treat customers well .
how bad can that be ?
great find and definitely recommend !
we trust home depot , so why not go with the guys they choose .
beautiful looking and very tasty food .
what the hell !
i would avoid this location at all cost .
we will definitely be regulars here !
place is a complete ripoff .
people are very nice and fast .
i went for a cleaning , nothing more .
just hard to recommend when the sushi is so ridiculously small and overpriced .
awesome resort .
they always have the best prices and quality to offer .
mind you , this was after business hours and lunch express was closed .
could n't find our enchilada in the mess of beans , rice and whatever .
we love razz 's !
at the door we were met by a rude jerk named jesse .
so it is a great choice for small groups or couples .
i have owned over _num_ dogs and over _num_ cats in my lifetime .
service was great at the sushi bar .
we like the friendly people that work here as well .
i give it _num_ stars because the cost is low .
i also do n't agree with the cash or check only form of payment .
great friendly service , prices and advice .
i love fry 's electronics .
if you like burgers , you 'll love the big ass burger !
i had their beef cubes & it was dry .
it 's the best !
this is the best veterinary office i have ever been to .
really disappointed for the price .
friendly staff and everyone seemed like a local who came there often .
the dental hygienist was awesome as well .
i refuse to buy from this store i 'm going to order online instead !
sweet and easy to get along with .
the plates are gross looking .
anyway ... the food was great !
price was wonderful , about half one of the others .
they came highly recommended by the manager from our hotel and we loved everything .
the food is average at best , the service is beyond slow .
no hummus for him and he had the other 1/2 of my pita .
absolutely horrible service .
not too hectic , nice and laid back .
the pot stickers were hard like a rock .
both were tiny and overcooked .
otherwise , forget about it .
it 's worth it .
she could not and would not explain herself .
his office staff is very kind and extremely quick .
so i got _num_ of my _num_ back in the end .
great service all of the time .
slowest place on earth .
i love taking friends there for the first time , its surprising and fun .
debbie , the event coordinator , was fabulous !
will be back !
stephanie helped me and she is the best !
it was a slap in the face on so many levels .
some great arizona brews .
good sized portions , steaks and sides are flavorful .
they take super care of my two cats and dr. g. is amazing !
the entire staff is so kind .
do n't be fooled .
stay away from him and you 'll have a great time .
first thing you should know is that malee 's is not traditional thai food .
the salon is huge and very clean .
amazing job on my brakes .
thanks !
will definitely back when on this side of town !
all items were very flavorful and something we would order again .
it was delicious !
hey , mistakes happen .
been here _num_ times .
just a tip !
amazing , and so fresh !
definitely , try the egg rolls !
they brought rolls , which i was not impressed with .
so helpful , very fair , highly recommend !
this is my first review and a well deserved one !
everything was amazing except the pad thai .
not to mention some incredible donuts .
and hands down , the best nail trim my dog has ever had !
amazing !
their orange juice is freshly squeezed and is so good .
amazing !
barro 's pizza is the best i 've had in town .
first time ordering from here ... _num_ entrees and soup cost over $ _num_ !
we ended up ordering 3-4 pizzas and ended up with something everyone liked .
adorable tiny little neighborhood spot with great food !
added bonus they have darts , shuffleboard , and board games all for free !
i gave the waitress my card and she comes back saying it was declined .
it 's a steakhouse that is decorated like a sports bar !
the spinach , artichoke dip is exceptional .
it used to be _num_ meals .
a fun , eclectic , scottsdale eatery .
she took her time and was very personable and funny .
best margaritas in town !
the vet doc is very nice too !
ok ... this place .
i do n't care what anyone says , i love you julio g !
i highly recommend this shop .
enjoyable night .
worst pad thai i 've ever had .
they get _num_ stars because the pizza looked amazing .
the bartender pours a strong drink and always has a story to tell .
came here on business and really enjoyed it .
i actually dig this place !
tasty , affordable and quick .
i have been back _num_ times and the food is always great .
overall , a great place !
very disappointing .
very honest and helpful .
gym and pool are great .
the staff were very friendly and knowledgeable .
staff was very friendly and knowledgeable .
went on a friday night , but there was no hostess on duty .
but the food great .
i left there in a bad mood .
the crab puffs are a must !
all of which is at a fair price .
like the cloth tablecloths it is kind of pampering .
and then there 's the happy hour .
gary and i went to mill on sunday .
if you 're in a rush this is the place is fabulous .
what a waste of time and money .
the sandwiches are big and taste fresh .
absolutely worth checking out !
excellent .
id definitely recommend it if your not too lazy .
if you like beer , you 'll love this place .
if i could leave _num_ stars , i would .
very gross !
this was my first visit to this theatre and i was impressed .
the waitstaff was wonderful .
overall , i would n't go to this place during the weekend .
service was very friendly and we sat out on the patio .
once we got our food my mothers was cold and was n't right .
the building itself looks abandoned .
my husband enjoyed the boneless chicken .
friendly staff , amazing food and always consistent .
she always knows what i want .
celebrated my birthday here with friends .
their mission statement is not at all how they treat their customers !
service was excellent as well with a very nice atmosphere .
authentic new york style italian deli that serves dine-in sandwiches and such .
thanks kevin and dave .
delicious and totally filling .
this hospital is horrible .
got ta love it !
the waiters all treat you well .
it was soo good !
still excellent !
the waffle was very good .
no , cake can not replace sex , but it definitely tastes good .
can we please get some better management in here ?
it was around $ _num_ .
loved it and we will defiantly be back !
love this place .
_num_ bars .
barely ate any .
i would give them a negative this place is not what it looks like .
i will always got to her .
we will definitely be back !
highly recommended !
will not come back .
as he painted them he bumped on and never fixed it .
the orange chicken was good but the curry chicken was watery and bland .
amazing job !
the other people in my party ordered the roast chicken .
_num_ dollars for internet only !
this was a terrible experience .
ok , but nothing special at all .
he said we we 're not together and it would n't work for him .
we started with a artichoke to share , and it was a great treat .
she 's an amazing doctor .
nice selection ... horrible service .
nope , this is n't a place for me .
also a great selection of drinks candy & other things !
i always come in here .
the best persian food in arizona , hands down !
no doubt , the best gym on the planet .
the is our favorite place for breakfast .
the marquee in tempe is a joke !
worth the effort !
tried charleston 's for lunch recently .
i love this place .
and it is a local az company .
with every flush , i noticed water at the base of the toilet .
would highly recommend it !
hit the green button and ... nothing .
i ordered two enchiladas , and all rice , no beans .
i love this bank !
did i mention that is was crowded ?
this is a great pizza place !
we were excited to come to this place but it turned to be disappointing .
only _num_ stars for this joint .
keep trying to figure out why it had no taste .
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
my girlfriend just loves her flowers every time .
i was really disappointed !
the roti chicken is incredible everyone at the table ate mine .
the exotic mushroom pan fry is just as good .
santisi brother 's has awesome pizza and the best calzone i have ever had .
he stated he would look into it and get back - never did .
the beauty exhibit for father 's day .
of all people the owner is who treated us poorly .
i do n't know why i bother going here .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .
occasionally , there 's an amazing jazz band that plays .
we love them !
the place was not busy , but there was no sense of urgency whatsoever .
the filet is amazing and the service is exceptional .
the service was fast and nice .
great food , great service .
i also ordered the burger and it looked disgusting !
the staff is helpful , knowledgable and friendly .
it does get quite loud in there as well with so many people .
one of my favorite restaurant period .
( which was dreadful ) .
they explained everything well and provide excellent customer service .
we ordered pad thai , was very dry but not horrible .
great job highly recommended .
this food is fast , fresh and they pour a great drink !
a _num_ % tip for horrible service !
they are extremely overpriced and now just flat rude .
the worst chinese buffet ever .
she also has an amazing personality !
i also had the seafood lasagna which was delicious !
dh order the turkey sandwich .
people still talk about my wedding cake .
great times .
prices are ridiculous and fruit is extra !
prices are very reasonable for such fresh ingredients and tasty dishes .
can you say worst customer service ever ?
best mexican i 've ever had .
after the facial my face felt so clean and light .
otherwise , it 's definitely worth stopping in and at least looking around .
food is awesome bar fare at great prices .
wine selection is outstanding .
all are great .
i also had spa service that was so relaxing and nice .
great place !
some of the best authentic street tacos in the usa .
had the best food !
the thing that really made me sad , though , was the frosting !
my wife had the chicken very good !
always found the people here to be very friendly highly recommended .
best southwestern food around .
very very disappointing .
my son did n't like the cookie he ordered for dessert .
the physician 's assistant was so sweet and personable .
why do you insist on sending me an overcooked egg ?
shower head broke off - _num_ days to replace .
i would not recommend staying here at all !
the ice cream treats were good .
first of all , the sports memorabilia is incredible !
the tamales are among the best i have had.
do not go to this place !
very pleased with dinner and happy hour , visited twice over the holidays .
phil and crew are the best !
everything is displayed like it 's a living space .
that 's `` a '' in customer service !
seemed dank .
a cesar salad , and an order of hot wings last night .
i would highly recommend and will definitely return when if ever in the area !
i 'd recommend to a friend .
huge menu , great food .
great price as well .
not the newest , but very well updated .
so disappointing from an old favorite .
everything was very good and it is a very pretty bar .
do n't take this school too seriously .
the price was good , and even better , the pizza was quite good .
no , on second thought , it 's no shame at all .
then i got ants in my pants waiting and i went to the bar .
best ingredients and fresh .
terrible service .
classy place , the staff is friendly , and the food is excellent .
this is one of the nicest starbucks locations i have ever gone to .
that 's per my friends that every vodka drink order try to win it .
this place is great !
: ) but quality , honest work .
i will continue to go back to this guy again and again .
i stop at mcdonalds perhaps three times a year .
honest , fair , friendly .
it 's the principle of it that makes me so angry .
do n't waste your time here !
nice to see owners that truly care about their customers and business .
my hair looks great every day and all i do is brush it !
loved it !
lost some respect for the school after that .
got my transmission fluid done with some other stuff .
disgusting .
thank you !
good classic chinese food that is pretty good to be honest .
to top it off , the bartender was slow as shit .
the enchilada sauces came on the side and did n't taste yummy .
that was cool .
on another visit i had the humus and the skewers .
i 'll definitely come back to this place for sure .
staff behind the deli counter were super nice and efficient !
i had the hot dog and my wife had a grilled cheese .
my burrito was n't terrible but it was n't good .
i love samurai .
i kept the receipt , i know , smart right ?
their biscuits and gravy were delicious .
however , the few minutes turned into _num_ minutes .
i threw out my meal and ate popcorn for dinner .
i just payed my _num_ $ and left .
i did n't really care for the food .
i asked for some ... never came to the table .
honestly , does it get more wild , wild west that that ?
i attended two weeks ago , and it was outstanding !
the wait for the soup was _num_ min .
too bad cause sales staff was great though .
service is the worst - enough said .
seems like a very trust worthy place .
beautiful stunning old hotel , with impeccably clean rooms .
great service , friendly staff , and amazing sushi !
it is reasonably priced , good southwest food and has a really nice atmosphere .
reasonably priced as well .
the only problem was , there was nobody behind the bar .
unfortunately it was n't a good one .
try the place in thomas just west of scottsdale rd .
i ca n't deny , i kind of love the classic ice cream parlor .
zero !
i will always go here for my subs !
a very good value for the money .
i 've always had a good experience at this starbucks .
then , they kept trying to rush us out .
the prime rib sliders were excellent with the side of atomic horseradish .
overall a great value , friendly service , and tasty food .
oh , and their bread was extremely hard and cold .
will go back again and again .
recommended !
if you enjoy modern art and design , it 's worth checking out .
always a fair price and always professional and courteous .
and this has to be the best meal i have ever had !
this was my first time at a pei wei and i was thoroughly impressed .
excellent customer service .
arriving ten minutes before my scheduled appointment .
i was n't blown away by the food .
overall , not impressed !
thank you !
this review is for the great service !
we came in here last night and had a fantastic time .
i got french toast with sausage and eggs .
interesting small museum .
all the while serving _num_ customers ( including me ) the whole time .
oh , then ignore my rating .
dog friendly !
now there making no money from _num_ till midnight .
pair with a pleasant shot of espresso this meal was beyond memorable .
it is n't going to happen .
i 'm not a human , just a long line of cattle to brand .
there were four of us and all were very happy with our food .
this place is pretty great !
at least try to pretend to give a darn .
worth every minute of the _num_ minute drive to get there !
stock your cafe properly and i will give _num_ or _num_ stars .
no apologies , no nothing .
always good .
food is awesome !
one of the best pizza spots in the area !
this place always has a fantastic selection of brews .
bob her ... in the service department was arrogant and rude .
not even close .
it 's an amazing bar !
plus elmer is so nice , love when we get to see him !
all over them forgetting to give me my small frosty for my daughter .
she gave me the style i had requested and did an excellent job .
the gyro meat is incredible !
waitstaff was fantastic too .
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .
great service , awesome atmosphere .
the margaritas are great i love the guacamole and salsa .
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .
they go above and beyond to make their customers satisfied .
i was disappointed .
i usually come here once or twice a week .
after i got back i noticed that they overcharged me $ _num_ .
and well carmen will tell you what you need to know ; about everything .
thank you to a wonderful staff !
oh did , i mention i do n't eat pork our red meat .
not priceless .
the wings are great .
surprisingly , i am giving this place _num_ stars .
the drink menu is also really good .
i recommend if you ever want great tasting food .
you 'll find beautiful stuff dirty and damaged .
they obviously have very minimal experience .
the only thing good was fast service .
he did a thorough exam and charged reasonable rates .
some of my favorites around !
almost ... this thing should have been done _num_ minutes ago !
wow !
the bathroom is dirty and smells like stale water .
i will always recommend bagel nosh to our friends and loved ones .
there is no single serving size for dinner !
we were so happy .
i just got totally ripped off .
they have a good selection of az wines and will be expanding soon .
it was delicious !
very lively atmosphere .
love this salon !
overall , an excellent choice for an inexpensive meal out .
hiding the free weights is n't a fun game .
bomb sandwiches and fresh baked bread !
_num_ - _num_ minutes i can understand , _num_ minutes , not really .
disappointment .
amazing view , and excellent service .
awesome find !
we decided to share a carrot cake large cupcake , sooo amazing !
it would probably also be good for the dinner cruise .
the staff and service are _num_ star as well !
i 'm a north indian and know the north indian food very well .
thank you for being awesome !
the wings are a decent size .
i have been to this restaurant dozens of times throughout the years .
when we walked in it smelled like piss .
randy back in the hitch install bay is great .
this place serves excellent pizza and salads .
tastes like just bread .
now , read on for the negative comments .
heck , they do n't even carry green peppers any more !
always sweet and friendly !
had a great experience with this company .
everywhere i went people recommended it .
scott is very knowledgeable and they offer an excellent selection cigars .
residents and staff are nice .
love it , love it , love it !
all my friends loved their dishes as well .
nice atmosphere !
the lighting is perfect ... .
it was the only one you did n't use on your menu .
when and if it is busy , the waitresses are n't always attentive .
another mid age white guy later on sat _num_ seats away from me .
she does n't say anything and just walks away .
this is a great place for a big group of friends .
the gyros are excellent .
they can thank you for the low rating .
sometimes they act like they want to be there , sometimes they do n't .
the pottery selection is pretty nice as well and decently priced .
no thanks come pick it up and keep it !
no beef !
atmosphere is great and they have two different bars .
unfortunately , asu is incredibly profit driven for a state school .
the wine selection is average and over-priced .
my 2nd time there tonight .
none of us in our group will go back there again .
on a scale of _num_ through _num_ , i would give them a _num_ .
fun for all ages if you 're interested in history , and science .
this north scottsdale location is much better than the downtown location .
fail .
overall , would definitely return here and had a great experience !
would n't wash my dog there much less anything else .
tasty !
highly recommended .
i highly recommend this place !
they have great maple bars !
great service , great food .
the food is very creative , fresh , and prepared to perfection .
delicious .
all were good .
ordered the french dip , chicken fingers and potato skins .
delicious .
is n't that the whole point of having a drive-thru ?
we both loved our choices .
sound weird , but it is great !
fabulous dining experience !
been here plenty of times and each time the food is awesome .
it has a taste different and it 's totally wonderful .
the food is great , the prices even better .
so i ordered _num_ honey bbq wings from this place .
favorite hookah spot in town !
a truly nice man that really knows his business .
great service .
the food is just not good enough for such poor service .
the fries were also mediocre .
all the food was great .
delicious horchata .
service was slow and in attentive .
the food , the drinks wow .
our waiter , jr had a very fun personality and provided great service !
the extensive wine list offers tremendous variety and does n't disappoint .
we went to see a friend play live there and what a surprise !
thirty minutes later , my sister still had not been brought back .
and it was the manager ( shawn ) that we were dealing with .
i most likely will not come back .
this place gets an f !
beautiful .
i yelled to her to stop .
always going the extra mile on every aspect of the stay .
overall , suzanne 's was a great experience .
i was an awful stay here .
ate , asked for check , and again a lengthy wait .
i know why they have _num_ stars , just because customer service .
yummy breakfast/brunch place to eat at !
i guess the more convenient , the worst everything else gets .
one of my favorites !
done and done !
best chips and salsa around !
do n't get me wrong i like living here .
the entire meal was mediocre at best !
our waiter was extremely rushed .
leah was our server , perfectly attentive without hovering .
definitely would go back !
service and wine was impeccable too .
clearly a popular place and for good reason .
we always see beautiful scenery and plenty of wildlife .
neither did the olive oil - that was a little bit thin , too .
had the worst experience here ever .
jesse , justin , rick were very professional , friendly , and very knowledgeable .
uninspired rolls , at times with stale fish , mediocre service , tired decor .
thursday night and this place was dead .
i got great deal , including low interest rate .
i do n't tolerate any level of disrespect from any establishment .
six of us went to dinner on saturday evening to celebrate a birthday .
she too did n't like the egg rolls .
service is always exceptional .
i actually makes me sad to leave this review .
i had also visited another specialist and had an mri done .
this wendy 's location has failed me time after time .
the owner and manager are absolutely obnoxious .
razz 's is among my favorite places in the valley .
wow , we both said `` a hidden jewel ! ''
later , after no other food , stomach problems and out it came .
do not leave for hours !
i hope they keep this high level up .
jennifer is amazing .
i will definitely continue to tan here .
super small place , but i highly recommend it .
the worst place .
well , that was disappointing .
our server was also pretty awesome which added to the experience .
great tacos shredded beef ca n't beat them best in town !
i surely recommended this awesome place in the heart of the beautiful scottsdale .
good price .
holy crap this place is packed !
the red sangria was also really good during a hot day .
this seems like a scam to me .
thank you !
keep up the good service !
they also have some delicious shakes .
i would surely reccomend everyone to this spot !
_num_ guys went for ribs all agreed .
it came as a combo with rice , fried wontons and an egg roll .
the place is small but i enjoyed that .
the beer is awful .
this business is the epitome of bad business practices .
for progressive lenses thats a steal !
this establishment is family owned , into its third generation , i believe .
no one told me anything .
it 's worth the search .
anthony did a great job now to think of my next one .
amazing that with computers that separate checks could not be given .
best fine dining in scottsdale area .
look to see what they have coming , and go out and enjoy .
we wo n't be staying here again .
after an hour , i was told that our room still was n't ready !
the coffee is awesome .
i went during the day and i must say it looks great inside .
burritos are plain and full of grease .
oh and they do not validate the parking .
loved this bar , stopped in for the first time in march .
the atmosphere outside is amazing .
the tech did not seem experienced and pressed way too hard against my belly .
blend of traditional dishes and original , chef created specials .
it was always so much fun and the staff was always so friendly .
reasonable price .
the view of camelback mountain from their patio is amazing .
i went in and gave all my animals symptoms .
they gave me absolutely no notice at all .
enjoy !
the gyro plate is the best in the valley .
way to make it right !
do n't bother with the salsa , it comes from a jar .
excellent pizza !
pizza is great and really fresh .
and , really nice people there .
loved it !
so , they alone deserve a star .
thank you dr dan .
get the jalapeo burger and share a pitcher with a bud .
the service was great and so was the food .
this place was recommended by a co-worker when first moved to phoenix .
if you love spring training baseball , this is the place to go .
no sign of it .
best mimosas & delicious food !
when we were seated and we ordered , they brought out the bread .
the first round that we ordered was kilt lifter .
very impressed homemade bread , pizza and salad .
the persian room special was amazing and back to normal !
very friendly and knowledgeable .
great people great place !
the office staff is very incompetent !
the staff is sweet .
their service is great too .
on the plus side the manager stopped by to apologize .
still , enjoyed the food .
salad and pizza : pretty good !
the pizza was pretty good .
the worst part was the bacon .
they provide such honest , reasonable service .
_num_ minutes for a couple of burritos ?
i will not be back and wish i would have gone to longhorn steakhouse .
the problem was the simple marinara sauce .
tonight was the last straw .
this place was not good .
do not come here if you can help it .
anytime we are in scottsdale , we will surely be back !
great customer service .
the owners are so amazing and accommodating .
thank you roaring fork , for not letting us down .
bad decision .
they have the best chicken and dumplings and breakfast here is amazing .
they had just the right kind and for a decent price .
i love this quaint little place !
these guys are very honest , and straight forward .
very helpful and friendly store .
day _num_ we had to call to inquire now what ?
awesome golf course and grounds .
we eat here often and recently had our wedding reception here .
the pizza was fantastic and the lasagna was n't too shabby either !
we ordered food and were both very happy .
this lady had no idea what she was doing absolutely none .
stopped back by to pick it up and it was n't filled .
he 's a great surgeon and he truly cares about his patients .
the clerk for the tow section was rude and did not give clear directions .
they helped us find the perfect ring and diamond .
great food .
the soup was the worst i have ever had in my life .
it is the best pizza for the price bar none .
so nice and respectful .
ugh , it made me so mad .
_num_ ) security to get in is a little bit of a pain .
tonight it was like eating cardboard .
we also ordered the chocolate cake with sorbet which was a winner .
it was like some sort of sleep torture .
no tip for you .
highly recommend .
of course the amazing scenery was awesome .
obviously i missed this area .
i probably would n't have bought the car had i known .
the massages i got were amazing !
the gym has n't been functional in months since i 've been here .
kazimierz is one of the best places i 've been while traveling .
its frustrating .
that 's a rare find in a business .
i will not , however , ever return here for a pedicure again .
this is a great big lots .
no dice !
our worst decision of the evening was choosing this restaurant .
customer service is absent at this dealership !
huge servings for great prices .
besides that , it is always a good time here !
i enjoy the pedicure a lot .
each were delicious , fresh , generously portioned and very affordable .
my favorite place on earth !
we ordered and the service was ok as to what happened afterwards .
i had a great chardonnay and a great time .
the restaurant is pretty and it has a nice patio .
you can see any game you want at any location in the place .
so annoyed .
if your in the area this is the spot to go to .
the service is friendly too .
great food every single time and excellent staff !
this was a total nightmare .
great location surrounding amazing restaurants and shopping .
each one was so unique and flavorful i wanted more again .
the kids had a blast and it was great family time enjoyed by everybody .
a number _num_ .
boy was i wrong , and taken advantage of .
great place .
the hygienists are so caring and thoughtful .
top notch !
loved the sweet deals my friend and i scored for sushi during happy hour !
one of my favorite go-to spots in scottsdale .
the owners are great , always with a smile and a friendly hello .
their quality of sushi , going straight down .
went there to watch the rose bowl .
oh ... the food is still incredible .
remind me why are they open again ?
no cheap well drinks at happy hour .
unfortunately , the 8th st location sucks .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !
dated decor but it 's all about the flavor - and top shelf delivers .
that does n't match what jerry told us .
have got to explore more of its menu .
margaritas from pete are the best - dinner in the steakhouse is always extraordinary !
on the side note , i noticed a lot of asian people in there .
green is almost flavorless in comparison .
i was hung up on before i could finish my rant .
great service .
the pizza came promptly and it was very tasty .
awesome produce at great prices .
then all the breading fell off the chicken before we could eat .
there is no children 's menu so we ordered my daughter _num_ hot dogs .
pure italian !
few restaurants will receive _num_ stars from me so this rating is good .
gag !
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .
so much better than a denny 's or other chain .
the waitstaff could have been a little friendlier , but i loved it !
most definitely coming back .
very good food .
with some solid bar and grill food .
the service is always impeccable and courteous .
excellent service and ambiance .
nasty place .
great staff .
i would highly recommend this place !
tasty food that 's consistent .
why should the first group have to wait on the 10th hole ?
the tempura shrimp tasted like frozen microwaved .
she walked about about _num_ minutes later and we asked about his soda again .
again they spray and nothing has changed .
there really are quite a few very good spots for taking pictures .
not sure why we even decided why to try something new .
i felt rushed from the second i walked in the door .
next time i 'm in town , i 'll be returning to this spot !
and do treat yourself to the homemade cheesecake .
this is my all time favorite place to go whenever i am in scottsdale .
they are always clean .
price : $ _num_ for this meal ?
we had sea bass and the sweet potato ravioli .
the property is well maintained .
it has a great , classic vibe .
it was a great experience !
stayed here a month and loved it !
so , my enthusiasm for bandera is pretty solid .
quality of food and atmosphere are enough to compensate .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .
now the room was a disaster .
i am a fan of dinner theater and this one did not disappoint .
the ladies are super sweet !
is probably the best in the valley .
seriously , u 've been warned ... run !
the locals are extremely nice and we had some great conversations .
the sandwiches are always spot on !
it was is so overrated .
horrible service and just not very smart things happening around the restaurant .
there was tons of empty tables the entire hour we were there .
the staff was incredibly friendly and the service was quick .
gave them a little extra time and got there _num_ minutes later .
that 's high praise coming from a doctor .
this is a great bar !
honestly i would give this place zero stars .
small and cozy with an great beer selection and even better food menu .
brooke is the best i 've ever had with waxing .
great food , great drinks , great service .
hours later my boyfriend and i are sick .
food is incredible .
this is a nice little spot to go grab a good breakfast .
talked to the owner but that went no where .
the tour guides were friendly and knowledgeable .
overall dinner was very nice .
sorry , rula bula .
not to us .
love that i can drink and shop !
give me an experience that does n't make my ears ring .
i love this place !
the service is fast and friendly .
this place has went down the drain .
gross .
overall a good location and price .
for the price i got a decent clean room .
it was terrible !
let 's just say they lost _num_ customers .
great for business lunches .
love , love , love this pizza !
tables outside to enjoy great weather .
went for desserts and it was all picked over and looked pathetic .
the ahi burger was perfect , shrimp louis salad had wonderful greens perfectly dressed .
this is tasty pizza .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .
place was very clean .
it was hilarious .
i highly recommend .
i get it at home , and at work .
i enjoyed the simple bean and cheese burrito but it 's all good .
food was good , not outstanding , but definitely worth going to again .
horrible horrible service .
this has got to be the worst pharmacy of all the walgreens stores !
really good table side salsa too .
, something happened , not good anymore .
if you 're a vegetarian , you 'd do better to eat at lalibela .
good clean store with quality professional employees .
the very chicken this chain was built upon .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very helpful with selecting my meal .
highly recommended !
i 'm seriously dropping dana tire big time !
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .
worthy of four + stars !
i had the veggie hash this time and was extremely impressed .
thanks guys !
scarlett is wonderful and gives a great hair cut every time .
what an absolutely awesome experience !
plus , the delivery men were surprisingly rude .
i 'd give this place _num_ or negative stars , if i could .
staff and mike the owner are always great and accommodating !
they 're both great after a couple drinks .
great spot !
i said forget the biscuits , so she gave me cole slaw instead .
great customer service .
they are a local business with a huge heart , i love supporting them .
bad food , terrible service and an overall disappointment .
i would say about _num_ % of the filet was a chunk of fat .
i ordered the deep fried mushrooms and fish tacos .
this place is pretty good on the weekend nights .
i ordered _num_ wings on the bone .
they are the best !
great classic american breakfast place .
again , fantastic everything .
my group and i were completely blown away by his response .
left a message with name and number and never received a call back .
so i left .
one of the best breakfast/brunch places in old town scottsdale .
rooms are clean and neat , and the view from the lobby is wonderful !
horrible , that 's how !
authentic italian food .
great service , very attentive to us .
fresh and made right in front of you !
oops !
love the service and personal attention of the waiters .
and is slow service ever an acceptable policy !
my nail tech nancy is great .
ordered egg whites , sausage , home fries , buttermilk pancakes and grits .
he went into the back several times and never really offered help .
i will never return to this jiffy lube .
will not be returning anytime soon .
my wife ordered one with machaca that she loved as well .
go elsewhere for better service .
if you 're a `` healthy '' eater , count on _num_ .
fresh salads and wonderful desserts .
things from our move in list are still not fixed over _num_ months later .
she raved about the potatos as well .
the food itself was overpriced and just okay .
i called the other local dealer _num_ miles away who were far more helpful .
awesome !
wow this place is great .
the employees are always welcoming with a big smile .
the _num_ of us ordered breakfast and talked throughout our meal .
worst costumer service ever .
normally i would never tip below _num_ % + .
tires , alignment , brakes and more .
the whole job was only an hour just as the quote said .
had a hop not and did n't even finish it .
papago brewery is amazing !
great vibe , good service , good food .
the best meal i 've had in a long time .
not impressed .
very good smoothies .
oh god !
the staff was fine but unremarkable , no real complaint there .
love this place !
love this place .
that will be the last time i waste my time with that place .
yes , this is a good , even very good place .
highly recommended !
i had a wonderful experience at suzanne 's bridal .
absolutely wonderful !
no pressure , wonderful quality furniture lines .
i would not come back if i could avoid it .
i am a _num_ year old with not great credit .
now , i feel like i 'm going to a funeral that has food .
shelly was wonderful to work with .
very fast service , friendly staff , and always a pleasant experience .
it appears they are required to wear extremely short & tight fitting clothes .
we highly recommend them for piano moving !
first clue that i should have left .
the dirty glasses and silverware did not help either .
mark kia , your dealership is awful and i will never shop here again .
always get a great breakfast here !
good sandwiches , good prices and decent pizza .
the food is made fresh and fast , and it is served piping hot .
shame on the owner of this one .
great burgers in a casual , yet intimate setting restaurant .
it was so greasy it soaked _num_ paper towels before we could eat it .
these guys are incredible .
they compliment a lot of the wines perfectly .
slow , slow , slow .
excellent customer service .
i am so happy to be apart of this church !
the sound of children playing does n't bother me so much though .
it 's just not a good experience .
no soda .
no big deal .
i was so disappointed , but starving so i ate it .
atmosphere is really nice .
plus , price was a little less .
_num_ ) the staff at banfield gets a commission every time they upsell .
what 's great about this place is the dancing .
i completely understand if a business gets busy and begins to fall behind .
honest and accurate service .
the salsa is so flavorful .
super casual , laid back atmosphere .
you can not respond and when you contact yelp , you get no answer .
all in all , we wo n't be going back there any time soon .
atmosphere was cool , clean , tranquil and most enjoyable .
if they toast your bun , consider yourself lucky .
this place is horrible !
beer selection = decent .
the wait staff is top notch !
highly recommend you sit outside and dine with the locals .
please look elsewhere before even considering renting here .
and trust , i was in need of a beer or _num_ .
this place has really lost its luster .
nice guy at the drive through .
the special sauce was very good , excellent roll , nice quality meats .
it smells like rotten food and looks old and dirty .
game over , no more being nice .
they use lots of cheese ( which i love ) and fresh ingredients .
this is a wine bar , no excuses .
if you like italian food i recommend you trying this place .
peace and good .
, are really good as well .
the fish , was n't horrible , but definitely nothing to write home about .
chips and salsa were excellent too .
my whole family has always taken all of their cars here .
just really bad pizza .
wrong !
she described it perfectly .
the service by the young lady was exceptional .
the second best part was the pomegranate margarita .
great stay .
the worst coffee in the city of tempe .
as for the food , it is expensive for what you get .
but we experienced none of that .
they put package shredded cheese on and not melted .
i highly recommend it .
amazing barber shop & salon .
the only thing they have that i adore is their iced green tea .
did n't walk over and help me find the style i was looking for .
that `` bouncer '' is the real racist .
from my experience it is n't worth it to go back .
i really love grimaldi 's !
the barley tea is also really good .
it was wonderful .
but hey , it 's tempe .
i would recommend this little salon , quality work and friendly staff .
highly recommend this place .
what a fun , unique experience !
employees are lazy here .
sorry red roof , just was n't a pleasant stay .
i was very disappointed with their lack of customer service and poor food .
i love new china gate !
horrible customer service .
i said , no thank you .
the food is absolutely the best !
the bar is well stocked .
he seemed confident and knowledgeable as well .
thanks again for the amazing customer service .
the bbq salmon was good .
the sauce they use is the best of any in town i 've had .
every time i have found the food to be mediocre .
really liked what we saw and liked the very relaxed atmosphere .
he put me on hold several times , i repeated numbers several times .
great theatre !
will definitely recommend to friends and family .
will not be back .
we all had different pizzas and we were all very pleased .
ambiance is amazing !
love this place !
best service i have ever received at a sonic .
the menu is local , fresh , and fairly expansive .
they have a great wine selection , and delicious coffee and espresso .
food was just ok , nothing special .
do n't waste your time or money you will be very disappointed .
casual breakfasts ... .
terrible !
i love this place !
y'all just complain just like every other american .
i am so happy with the results .
prices are decent , as well .
good spot .
parking was $ _num_ .
wish it was what i remembered from when i was younger .
mo was great and very helpful .
this place is great for special day .
unfortunately our service was not .
i basically hate every single thing about this place .
loved the menu and the drinks .
the best mexican food around !
they are real friendly and helped me decide on what to get .
great food , reasonable prices , & really good service .
she is the best .
the spicy tuna did n't taste anywhere near fresh or right .
the deep dish crust was crisp , and buttery .
rumors is a great salon and i only go to kendra !
thought the guy was going to have a heart attack .
well sorry mom , not going to happen this time .
very impressive authentic northern chinese food !
we felt like tourists in a strange place getting ripped off at every chance .
the wait staff was attentive .
there was only one other group there and they were obviously wasted .
while the lunch menu prices are great , the sashimi quality remains off .
i also recommend eating in .
no interest in going back .
it is a hidden gem and our go-to sushi spot .
the lounge is very nice and has ample seating .
the service is always very good .
happy to see this location under new ownership .
i liked the selection of wines .
i had a mojito - excellent !
it was an ok place .
only like _num_ tables inside .
after i responded , `` i 'm just really hungry .
a bit confused , imo .
the place looks a little sketchy , but the guys are very friendly .
mediocre desserts and building was old and kind of creepy .
for about _num_ of us , it came out to be $ _num_ .
stay away from this place unless you are friends with the karaoke mc .
i would love to eat her more often !
soo i need to use a shopping cart for my three items .
the manager took _num_ minutes to figure out how to turn the sound down .
it 's never my choice .
waiter getting our order wrong _num_ times in one visit .
i love this hospital and their staff !
the bakery is great as well ... pecans pies are great !
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .
its excellent and its owned by a family .
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .
the pastor is sincere , inspiring , and humble .
we liked the food a lot - the lobster enchiladas were phenomenal .
that was fairly surprising .
jeff is the worst .
this place is charming .
no samples were offered on our way out either .
i ca n't even say that starbucks has the best coffee and lattes around .
thanks brooke and team for good service .
definitely a place to go for people who appreciate good food and service .
this location needs some training on customer service and food preparation .
loved the ice cream !
the pork is sweet and with some hot salsa is the best flavor combo .
mesa , az _num_ and they honored the warranty with no problems at all !
this spa has the best amenities of any place i have ever been to .
the premier craft beer destination in the valley of the sun .
it 's just horribly ran .
i lost out on a potential purchase in this next week .
it 's a pie baked into the middle of a cake .
no tires .
not at this location .
spectacular !
great sashimi , yellow tail , spicy tuna , pork dumplings , etc .
the rib eye steak has some delicious wine gravy with mushrooms .
asked for honey mustard & bbq , received ranch .
none the less , the girls feel like they were n't wanted .
great find !
this location has the best staff .
what an adorable place .
they recently updated their patio and we loved sitting outside .
the fried rice and panang were delicious as well .
i was very disappointed .
i enjoyed this gyro restaurant and will visit again !
i recommend the burger and the prickly pear margarita !
honestly the best pizza and wings in the valley !
i was really disappointed since the atmosphere is so neat .
_num_ . )
fare is decent , specials keep it interesting .
orange table is my new obsession !
she is as kind as she is professional ... you wo n't be disappointed !
i would not return to this venue .
the food was good .
food is very good .
this is a cute lil italian market on n scottsdale rd .
the sweet potato fries were excellent .
my first mistake of the evening was choosing this place for dinner .
the waitress was n't mean or rude , just kinda surly .
i could not wait for it to be over .
the receptionist is also super nice and professional .
what an amazing escape into a world of passionate and attentive luxury and service .
clean , quick , friendly service .
chips and salsa by far the best !
well worth the money .
who the hell pays nearly $ _num_ to get their teeth cleaned ?
food comes out but waitress tells me the fries are still cooking .
very fresh & tasty sushi at a good price .
not the best pizza i 've ever had but very good indeed .
this was the second time that i 've eaten here .
a simple chicken and rice soup that is pure comfort food .
we had been numerous times before and always enjoyed our food .
truly a great experience every time i come !
next year , i am not wasting my time on the picnic .
the eggplant hummus was really delicious and the lamb was tender and flavorful .
even with the groupon it was way too much $ for what we got .
the mozzarella sub is absolutely amazing .
service is horrible .
very fun and professional employees .
servings are well sized , and typically come with rice and beans .
it 's delicious !
nice variety of items on the menu .
i love this place !
they also do in store pick up or deliver straight to your door .
fresh bagels all the time .
i love how the inside is decorated .
super friendly , realistic , honest ... i could go on and on .
we are regulars for the excellent happy hour featuring great mussels and sliders .
i gave it two stars only because it was ready on time .
the wine selection is incredible .
but this is by far the worst shopping experience i 've ever had .
after cutting it in half it fit perfectly .
the cup was running with soda , not good .
good food and good fun !
i did n't want to know about her personal life or excuses .
i love this place !
awesome service and great customer care !
worst happy hour .
wor won ton was spot on .
amazing service .
my husband has been eating here for years and its a family favorite .
the shrimp and crab cannoli was very delicious .
great dive bar tucked in scottsdale .
i 'll be trying new chinese restaurants from now on .
awesome breakfast !
food is excellent too .
the food me and my party tried was outstanding !
overall , a positive experience .
and the third was the cattle that were shipped was bad .
-- rib eye not trimmed , huge chunks of fat .
i really enjoyed eating breakfast here and would recommend it without hesitation .
it was beautiful and the service was very nice .
love this place !
she did a great job , she was very friendly and knowledgable .
great for families or a meal with a group .
bww has by far the best boneless wings ever .
the store is clean and bright .
the drinks are good , the baristas are friendly and do a nice job .
each of the main dishes were wonderful .
i will most definitely be back !
great location , super nice office staff , extremely convenient .
family pride shines through .
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .
stephanie is my go to girl and she does a great job !
some of the most tender , roasted pork i have ever had !
friendly service .
salsa was super tasty !
great job andrew !
great happy hour !
barro 's is always awesome .
this place is a great place for traditional american breakfast !
only _num_ types were available .
and the chick at the counter was completely rude and condescending .
owner is a great help !
it was very comfortable , great atmosphere !
the food , first and foremost is fantastic and so unique .
i took a bite of the faux beef , and it was ok .
the portion of fish on the salad was the smallest i 've ever seen .
orange chicken that tasted like they used a ketchup glaze .
definitely doing something right !
when we pointed this out they took $ _num_ off our bill .
how it has been in business for over _num_ years is beyond me .
i love this place !
this place does it right .
when i went to the store i got a cold reception .
service is hit and miss , depending on time of day .
how embarrassing for that establishment to beg for tips .
i wo n't be tipping on this service any longer .
very enjoyable and relaxing time we had .
love the beer .
horrible front desk .
he had a few tables and he still managed to give amazing service !
very nice patio for winter time dining with tvs for watching games .
they have a great late night staff , atmosphere , and menu !
the music was perfect .
not kidding .
french dip ... best i 've ever had .
worst stadium experience i 've had anywhere .
to sum things up , service was poor and disappointing !
good service and friendly staff .
a good and more casual environment for pizza in the scottsdale area .
then i spoke up and said there was and that i had tasted it .
this place is an absolute joke !
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
it makes me sad that everyone who works here is so unhappy .
dentist and staff have been very professional , informative , and friendly .
decent food but horrible owner .
not a big deal to me , but it could bother some people .
great office hours and easy to make appointments .
great .
loved the book selections , crystals , music therapy .
not only did they look amazing but they tasted amazing .
no melt in your mouth quality .
and the cleaning is way over priced .
she appeared to just ignore me and did even care .
best medical care i have had .
after contacting her for the second time , she refused to provide a refund .
worst dq i 've ever been to .
skip this place and old town all together .
excellent service and picks from the menu .
we were laughing at the situation the whole time .
the food was phenomenal !
not one persons name was ever called .
i doubt i 'll find myself there again at any hour .
the food is amazing !
i could n't find the stuffing in my stuffed filet mignon .
saved me at least a couple hundred bucks .
i love my sister 's closet !
very flavorful .
it is so cute !
charlie is a sweetheart .
i would recommend this establishment to anyone looking for an evening to remember .
ps they charge a _num_ % gratuity no matter what .
the quality of the food was excellent .
i had the _num_ shrimp tacos they were pretty good to be honest .
but they come with _num_ & great for the table .
many props to the owner and staff - we love your work !
the first _num_ times i thought ok but this is the third time .
unfortunately not .
this place is amazing !
incompetent !
skip this place .
can you say noisy and smelly ?
great lunch specials for like _num_ bucks and it includes a drink .
make sure you give this place a try !
see my list for mexican food recommendations .
about _num_ minutes later .
the wings ... so sad .
disappointed by this experience .
sorry not sorry .
_num_ visits to don & charlie 's and i can form an opinion finally .
the staff was very pleasant and efficient .
you are right if you said village tavern .
the flounder and sauted kale special was excellent recently .
i took one bite and could not eat any more .
food was made correctly and fresh .
this is a awesome coffee shop in downtown mesa !
the customer service is soooo soooo poor !
and enjoy !
so , you know , props .
therefore , i 'm no expert on it 's taste , etc .
it is sad because this place used to be great .
the halibut with garlic cream sauce is good .
ordered delivery today .
they are ashley pieces , they were pretty when new , but are awful .
no complaints there .
i would highly recommend this restaurant .
very pleased with the service .
this place has been a staple in my life for a while !
cool place .
we went for breakfast today and were very disappointed .
really good mexican food and a unique atmosphere downtown .
the only good thing was the bread and butter ... .
run away from this store as fast as you can .
also , the ladies who work the front are super friendly !
some of the best pizza around , at some of the best prices around !
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !
i went here with my father in law and my _num_ year old daughter .
it 's always a pleasant experience .
needless to say with these ridiculous layers , i look awful .
told to go here and loved it .
friendly service every time you go in , and good delivery service !
there are lots of fun performances to entertain you here .
love it !
tasty breakfast .
our first visit to lon 's and it definitely wo n't be the last !
i love the new expanded space and the large counter service .
wonderful staff .
they brought in sand to make you feel like you are really in mexico .
probably going to report them to a consumer protection agency .
it did n't make any sense but walked away without more explanation .
love the steak salad .
best customer service i 've had in a long time !
pei wei is awesome .
the food was ok to bad , and the staff was very rude .
these guys are great .
their prices are very fair as well .
there 's nothing better than swimming and looking up at camelback .
i love steven paul !
this is another one of my favorite places .
we all where stuffed and extremely happy with breakfast .
it was huge and delicious .
i love their viet .
simply amazing mole sauce .
no wonder i woke up with a headache .
cooking with love !
horrible !
the vintage decor is really fun and interesting to view while you wait also .
average food , average service , rude employees , high prices .
dine here and request scott !
and the sonoran potatoes ... omg , delish .
it not only carries high end women fashion but the customer service is excellent .
it looked like egg drop soup that i could have made in my sleep .
we started off dinner with the stuffed mushrooms ( they were excellent ! )
we started with the bruschetta because we had it before and it was delicious .
this is not mexican food !
definitely worth the money .
do not waste your time or money .
great breakfast selection , loved my strawberry waffles .
a nice quiet place to hang out and talk .
all in all , a pretty unpleasant experience .
outside , it was cramped and stinky of smoke .
we got such amazing service and love our trees and our backyard !
enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere but the wine is not much to rave about .
ok so whatever it does n't look good .
the carrots and celery package was pathetic .
this is such a nice breakfast spot in the east valley area .
dishonest business practices .
what an adorable spot !
i want to take some of this home with me !
the drinks were incredibly weak .
lots of choices and the everything we have ordered is awesome !
researched for months and found the very best .
i really was disappointed and im truly never coming back here again .
it also tasted like cardboard , the finest cardboard in tempe .
the atmosphere is a sports fan 's heaven !
worst customer service ever .
this place is classic .
wife loved the coconut shrimp .
needless to say , expectations were far from met .
chips and salsa bar is great .
this is the perfect dinner date place .
the food is delicious !
best short ribs in town !
great establishment .
every time i come here they mess something up .
a good place to eat when every other place fail to prompt you .
overall , _num_ bucks for _num_ entrees , _num_ margaritas and _num_ beers .
worst experience !
sure enough , my a/c compressor is bad .
nice people .
the difference that sets this place apart from the others are the people .
super fast service and very friendly staff .
she does n't understand why we are not happy with everything on the side .
very helpful staff .
and i swear to god , they were spaghetti noodles .
i think the quality has improved .
do n't get me started on how oily the las vegas roll was .
i 'd recommend him to all .
highly recommend them .
freshly made kimchi yummy .
never had wild boar and wild mushrooms ... .
the combination of the people , environment , and food all compliment each other .
they are worth giving your business to .
i do n't see how or it would have been hot .
the waiter never even gave us a pen to sign our bill !
my boyfriend loved it .
good service at the table and extremely responsive .
they 're always soft , moist , and melt in my mouth !
i love this place .
- messy .
scottsdale springs is charging me around $ _num_ .
they service both my car and my wife 's .
occasionally , some of the food is going to go bad ; it happens .
this is the worst venue i have ever been to !
interactions throughout entire facility .
sunset and view lived up to my expectations .
really some of the best i 've ever had .
it 's perfectly cooked and the juices just soak into the bun .
everything is fresh and well presented .
the crowd was fairly diverse and good looking too .
great place !
wow !
they have the best take out for mexican food .
so we spent _num_ dollars on a ruined dinner .
they were unable to do that and clerk was rude .
great old fashioned ice cream parlor !
will continue to shop .
but very good food portions sauce and tax is included .
we requested him again , however he was not scheduled until later that evening .
service is great .
this is very disappointing and bad for business .
at this point , it 's _num_ pm and they close on _num_ pm .
fresh layout and lighter paint job .
talk about great date spot !
i grew up on authentic and traditional mexican food , macayo 's is neither .
walking in , i was n't expecting it to be much different .
highly recommended .
the atmosphere is boring and generic .
after all her hard work it still did n't fit right .
this restaurant offers something for everyone .
not only that , but it was really warm in there .
said she would get our menus but did n't .
waste of money .
best baristas in the city .
friendly staff , good selection and prices .
the atmosphere is amazing .
also , its very beautiful inside the restaurant .
the food was bland and needed salt .
my experience was very mixed .
they have good package deals if you want more .
i would recommend this place to everyone .
this is a great location as far as papa john 's go .
food was so good we stayed for dinner , dessert and coffee .
after about _num_ minutes of this , i was fed up .
football sunday is great here .
great deal for the money .
super yummy food and really friendly service .
this pharmacy seems to be quite inefficient .
the flavors together were just not that good .
really good service and food .
service was fast and friendly .
so happy we found a new delicious favorite !
i will definitely be back !
what room do i get , of course the highway side .
proceed with caution .
was not impressed with this location .
they even gave me a couple batteries , which was very nice .
potato salad was watery .
service is exceptional .
the hot sauce they give is pretty spicy but addicting !
i felt so relaxed and happy .
it has grown since then and the food is always top notch .
but when it comes to full priced dinners ... go elsewhere .
the waitresses have all been very friendly and efficient !
we unexpectedly found this landmark in oldtown scottsdale .
staff is very friendly .
no `` i will be right with you '' , nothing .
simple menu for lunch , but everything is good !
walked in and stood at the counter to order .
see you there .
this was not .
you should give it a try .
awesome resort that has been in paradise valley since _num_ .
best customer service ever !
it was all really good .
my friend got the monkey cakes , which were undercooked .
i love this place !
the service was great and the food was delicous .
worst customer service .
i 'm a really big fan of the # _num_ !
they also give you complimentary bread rolls and they are heavenly .
and its awful .
this place is awesome .
i called and got an appointment with lisa .
very quaint place , but that helps make the experience that much more intimate .
enjoy this little gem as much as you can .
when i arrived , susan said the shots were required .
they are the best !
zero .
the staff welcomed me so nicely !
not freshly made or prepared .
the store is ridiculous .
not to mention we had to wait _num_ mins for three rolls of sushi .
they were fast , friendly , respectful , and honest .
do not stay at this hotel .
owner is real friendly .
we were very happy and love the car !
it 's a very special place for my family .
feel ripped off for the last _num_ and only orders .
amazing !
definitely recommend !
he asked what i wanted to drink and i walked away .
amazing honest professional service .
the shrimp was chewy , hard and terrible .
highly recommend this spa .
i love that .
you guys rock !
this is by far the worst community college within the maricopa college district .
the pizza and cannoli are also fantastic .
they have real fruit margaritas here and are just delicious !
i totally recommend it and there teppanyaki bar 's great too .
as i overheard .
for fast food i like kfc in general ( grilled chicken ) .
$ _num_ corona on a sunday night ?
the phoenician is a dated property and in need of a facelift .
these guys are bad .
is it really good , inexpensive , and available ?
finally a sushi place just a couple of miles from home !
he has given great tips and i listen to everything he tells me .
such a cute touch .
i had dinner at the bar last night and it was fantastic .
authentic flavors , great wine , friendly staff .
nice patio ( i think they even made a smoking section ) .
the food is always delicious !
and a fantastic dessert spread .
avoid at all costs !
especially given the reviews here , i am probably lucky to be turned away .
these people were fantastic and did a great job for a very affordable price .
i was extremely disappointed in the food .
therefore the quality to price ratio was very low .
much is organic and healthy and still tasty .
warning !
good service , nice selection and everything was fresh .
poor service , quality and price .
do not waste your money .
large quantities , but too salty and the tamale was almost nothing but breading .
the burger is flame broiled juicy and seasoned just right .
my experience at the `` new '' tempe improv was definitely less than desirable .
lastly , the salad bar is nothing to write home about .
go to zizzo you will be very pleased with your appearance .
never have i been treated like that or basically kicked out of a bar .
definitely recommend !
the food was good .
one barista was friendly though or else i would 've just walked on out .
the food was wonderful !
okay , so i 'm not gon na `` review '' this sonic .
the food is really good , but i have had better dishes elsewhere .
the chicken fried steak was average .
i love this place , i always have .
it was a culinary delight !
the first time i went it was n't bad .
the service was attentive and we got our drinks quickly .
she really gets my style and i trust her .
and ra sushi is at the bottom of that list .
pool looks nothing like their site .
what a great combo !
verdict : mediocre .
excellent home cooking german food .
almost like they did n't want to serve us .
the pasta is disgusting .
great prices on beer if you buy what 's on sale .
the staff is very friendly and professional .
classic italian with a fine dining touch !
bottom line : it 's a nice go-to spot for convenience and value .
the service is really that bad .
it really is that good .
bible only honest love for jesus .
do not bother .
our waitress was very attentive and kind .
the outside patio is excellent in the fall and early spring !
sadly , the food was forgettable and service was poor .
we will definitely visit this location again .
highly recommended for special occasions and a `` splurge . ''
great crust !
i do n't understand why people still go here .
and the people that work there are always super friendly !
consistently the best performing arts center in the phoenix metro area .
talk about lousy customer service .
the staff and owners are so welcoming and friendly .
never had any issues ever with all my other dogs at the vet .
great place for a quick lunch or dinner .
i was very angry that i had to sleep in this bed .
awesome service and food !
you will love it .
enjoy !
it was truly the worst manicure and pedicure i 've ever had .
excellent programs for your kids .
they also had a nice selection of beer and wine @ very reasonable prices .
go behind the place and just roll down the window .
the pizza was a little better .
do n't like this review ?
they are professional and timely !
thanks again dr. l .
always on time .
a little pricey but excellent ambience .
if they clean the place up it would be pretty good .
sometimes lucky enough to catch the owner enjoying his own business .
i very disappointed considering the reputation they have .
i have not been treated soo horrible in my entire life .
ugh .
they remember our names and our orders !
which makes the younger people , sub _num_ , feel uncomfortable and not appreciated .
i guess only the employees can dress in skimpy attire .
she responded that she would go check on that .
well he obviously did not check my id clearly since it was my birthday .
huge portions and the food is great .
okay , so i went there for lunch today with my son , jacob .
they just opened recently so they deserve a break .
the lobster spring rolls are delicious !
and the cake was absolutely perfect !
but , yeah .
highly recommend them to everyone .
my feelings are a little hurt .
these guys are good .
great food !
everyone there was nice and accommodating .
this is good mexican food .
finally found my stylist !
even my kids could n't eat it .
for dinner we had a delicious salad and soup to begin with .
i was told _num_ min .
however , he failed to understand and was rude .
best place for a quick coffee and their sandwiches are spot on !
the waiter was ridiculously rude .
definitely check this ace out if you have n't yet .
we went back for lunch on a sunday and it was fantastic .
i highly recommend this place .
great job !
great food and wine !
the soups here are sooooo good , better than mom 's !
service was pleasant but a bit on the slow side .
i wo n't be going back .
no apology , no words at all , from the waiter .
the sushi is always fresh and i love that is it family owned .
highly recommended .
good pizza hut location .
had fun two stepping here on a saturday night to an amazing band .
you do n't close early because you feel like it .
our server was fast and friendly .
do not waste your money or your time here .
are you kidding me ?
everyone was very helpful and friendly , especially our salesman , chip .
i was really impressed with the rooms they were modern and clean .
i am very happy to have found the steakhouse about _num_ miles from home .
happy hour is awesome big fan of the fish tacos and blue cheese wedge !
the outdoor seating is really sidewalk seating next to the parking lot and cars .
unbelievable dont go here !
she assured me it would be no more than _num_ min .
this is my favorite hair salon that i 've ever been to !
this was an incredibly entertaining time !
i wo n't be going back .
this place was terrible !
foods are so so and the service is horrible .
the most honest auto business by far .
great place for authentic mexican food .
i have had really good experiences with this place .
first time with friends .
so ... we were like okay , whatever .
great mix between mexican fast food and dine-in restaurant .
definitely the best bbq !
thank god for places like _num_ hour fitness .
excellent care and very nice staff and doctors .
it 's a chain , but it does one thing and does it well .
very affordable pricing as well !
there is a reason i get take out , i ca n't cook .
avoid financing with them at all costs .
always changing , always showing new artists ( at least for me ) .
the customer service is quite wonderful ; everyone is very friendly and helpful .
they offer fast take out and great prices .
btw the customer service was amazing and friendly .
reminiscent of my chain steakhouse server days .
their shrimp cocktail offered large , delicious shrimps .
thanks joe !
but other than that it was great .
i would definitely recommend !
prompt , courteous and proficient .
the phoenician is a great place to stay .
i have never been to a worse pharmacy !
definitely a small town feel .
the clinic itself is spacious and clean .
disappointing .
the staff are fabulous and so friendly .
if you 're looking for authentic mexican tacos , you 've hit the jackpot !
great little dive bar .
but i think i have expressed enough with what i have shared so far .
the attendant was friendly and helpful .
the food was pretty good- huge bavarian style pretzels are always great with beer .
finally , i 've found my new hair place !
very professional and friendly place .
worst customer service i 've even encountered !
such a cool place !
big mistake .
i waited _num_ minutes past my appointment time to see her assistant .
wo n't go back .
always enjoyable with vito 's hot wings or a fresh salad .
not crowded @ about 1:30 p.m. we always sit in the bar area .
very rich , but delicious .
also had the quesadilla which was good and their caprese is legit .
they have great produce at this location .
very disappointed in my service and food today .
we very much enjoyed the chop salad , and mashed potatoes .
excuse the language but this is a pretty damn good tire shop !
return often to check up on the sales !
thank you for everything !
it 's a bummer that our dining experience was n't very pleasant or inviting .
it is always delicious .
horrible experience at this dealership .
if jade palace were to open in ny it would close in a week .
the owner does some of the best alterations in the state .
she brought us no napkins .
waitress ( jen ) was nice but we waited very long for the food .
my husband said the pancakes were hands down the best he 's ever had !
have n't eaten here in a while , i 'm usually in for drinks .
_num_ minutes pass so i walk back to the car place .
no follow up .
great service and friendly .
i have recommended him to friends and family without hesitation .
very professional and courteous .
husband had the panang curry , which he very much enjoyed .
needless to say , i will not be coming back to this hospital .
disappointed with this place .
for the price this place is awesome .
me : hell no !
very knowledgable and friendly doctors and staff .
so awesome .
i always have a good time and will continue to return .
got the fries today , so much better !
if you 're hungry , i recommend the rib eye .
i highly recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale !
the chicken was good but the lamb was extremely tough and full of fat .
good is consistently great .
why do restaurant owners forget what they are in business for .
i thought the food was lousy .
i mean , i was really excited .
have been shopping here for years , great deals and fun finds .
good amount of choices from rich and savory , to light and healthy .
good selections .
chicken fingers no flavor .
best happy hour prices for the freshest seafood around .
and it is amazing for kids .
thanks again !
this place is more wonderful than expected .
it was n't too sweet .
if you use quality mozzarella its not like that .
everything tastes ok , but just really off .
good environment , good food , and good service to go along with it .
we loved the sangria !
it 's classy and chill for an old town spot .
got ta respect the hard working man .
i will not be going back due to the tacky service .
great place to get gyros !
no big deal i thought .
best arby 's around !
i highly recommend this ice cream place to anyone with a sweet tooth !
check it out !
i did fail to mention , the rolls were good .
the men got a large pepperoni pizza , talk about a big pizza .
the bbq is unique and the portions are large .
the return policy here is ridiculous .
this place is large enough for everything .
our first stop on a bike pub ride .
they did a great job and got me out sooner than expected .
disgusting and disappointing , will definitely go elsewhere .
the food here is mediocre at best .
outdoor patio is charming and highly recommended .
the place has a nice atmosphere , inside and outside seating .
first off , i want to say that the hostesses was amazing .
i 've eaten better chinese food at airport chinese faster restaurants .
the veal shank is so awesome .
i highly recommend this location .
is there a no star rating ?
before we went , we called to check the hours .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .
amazing pancake house .
expect good food and good service for a good price .
he does great work !
it 's better spent elsewhere in scottsdale .
excellent .
and maybe that 's not even a far stretch .
good , fast service .
we enjoy this place mostly because it s a serious hidden hideaway place .
quick , professional , and thorough !
i also love their sushi bar and coffee bar .
look forward to our next stay !
my favorite one included mozzarella , tomatoes and pesto .
the atmosphere is also amazing .
great food and service plus so many adult beverages to choose from ... .
i have no idea how this place has _num_ stars on here .
they have always been friendly and honest .
she just grabbed the menu out of her hand and walked off .
it was such a great experience .
another great thing about this place is they sell it by the slice .
sorry gang would give this place no star if i could .
i 'm pretty sure that 's all we ever get .
magnificent .
good , large portions for a great price .
she was very kind and the price was extremely fair .
good service and reasonable prices .
each interaction was smooth and efficient .
they go above and beyond !
this place fills up fast because inside is small and intimate .
best way to go about it ?
kids will love this place as there is a small arcade .
very friendly salon .
wo n't be returning .
do n't waste your money or time here !
the girl working there was super nice and accommodating .
what i found was a place whose falafel is in need of a fix .
clean and nice .
worst car buying experience i ever had !
wife thoroughly enjoyed her kale salad , cocktails are excellent .
highly recommend !
this has to be the worse hotel ever !
everyone is so friendly too .
fooled me once , shame on you .
i would recommend this store to anyone !
seriously peeps ... a country boy like me ... .
i love this place , it is very relaxing .
they are very friendly and always give me a gift at christmas .
i sat for _num_ minutes after my appointment time .
love that they have some games to play too .
i always seem to end up disappointed by the time i walk out .
however , the music was good but very loud and the service was bad .
the fish is so fresh and mo is awesome , meticulous , and fun !
we loved this place !
also , the service is not too good .
the staff was wonderful and i ca n't wait to go back .
highly recommend it .
i will definitely come back .
i have always had great service and the food is always off the hook !
service is great !
but their service is horrible .
painful !
do not put yourself in this situation .
small place but definitely worth checking out .
easily the best i have ever experienced .
they claim they accept insurance , then they do n't .
i probably would have got that .
the top sirloin was out of this world with twice baked potato delicious .
service was a little slow but they did take good care of us .
their margaritas ate good and the food was delicious !
it had a bit of a spicy kick to it and was so good .
i ate ghost chili peppers and it did not hurt this bad .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .
bland , bland , bland .
the ladies are really nice .
alcoholic drinks were good but pricey at $ _num_ - $ _num_ each .
for ourselves , we ordered a bottle of wine ... .
some employees there have n't received their benefit packet and/or new hire paperwork !
$ _num_ pie with fees and tax was $ _num_ .
the burger was average and the roast beef was simply terrible .
the wedding coordinator , was great !
i hate it when your server speaks barely enough english to get by .
there 's nothing really ny about this place .
always interesting !
service is good and free wifi in the store .
i will continue to go back .
a quality facility that took excellent care of my dogs .
everyone appeared to genuinely care about our dogs .
pretty disappointing if you ask me .
fun atmosphere .
great place to shop , buy what you will use within a few days .
you did n't know there was artificial cheese out there ?
i am so pleased that i found her and this salon .
they said it was not an issue and that they would provide the space .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !
avoid this place at all costs .
i had the best stay .
i am really disappointed with this clinic .
management helpful and friendly .
and you have found yourself a regular customer .
overall , it has n't been the worst place we have lived .
so stringy , and had the right combo of oils on it .
being from back east it 's hard to find good pizza here .
i love this place .
i have to stay another night tonight so we 'll see how it goes .
i highly recommend this place if you want fast service and good food .
i was sort of disappointed in suzanne 's bridal .
purchased sat tickets , great experience as always .
the ambiance was great and the service exceptional .
it is not really brown rice .
office is close by , so its easy .
we waited ten minutes and walked out .
erica is a perfectionist - your nails will look their absolute best .
dinner was excellent - i had the prime rib which was cooked perfectly .
is wonderful .
my fianc had the jalapeo burger with tots and we both loved it !
when i got a promotion , we went to cowboy ciao .
this place fits the bill without making me nervous while i 'm there !
the atmosphere is so amazing !
do not use this service !
the donuts here do n't taste all that fresh , at least to me .
kind of a bummer .
_num_ thumbs down .
nathan , nick and the team at this location are great to work with !
someone obviously did not use enough grounds .
the staff is very friendly and fun .
excellent customer service , knowledge , and landscaping work !
i highly recommend joe 's tire shop .
this is one of my favorite restaurants i go to weekly .
tall , floating from nordstrom rack ) and they were great !
friendly staff .
worst of all , we had reservations !
it sounded like fun but fell a little short of expectations .
the service was very friendly .
if i go to any cpk again i wo n't order that .
lon 's , here 's some advice from the cheap seats .
standard scottsdale bar ... good times .
good food .
so i have been robbed and insulted !
love these guys , amazing staff always helpful and knowledgeable !
overall a very good experience and beautiful property on the edge of camelback mountain .
amazing dinner and service highly recommended !
bad service .
great `` oasis '' spot .
food and drinks were amazing .
i will definitely be going back .
i recently got a new job and needed a bunch of professional clothing .
let me start by saying how great everyone is here !
they have an awesome happy hour !
crab puffs i would n't even give to the dog .
this is the worst cleaner i have ever visited .
expectations for urgent cares are low and this one represents well .
so comfortable !
stuff is very friendly , classy place !
feels very tired and old .
good price .
would vote lower if the option were available .
bad customer service right there !
but overall , i 've always loved my experiences at the sugar bowl .
as well as all the pizzas !
thank you !
horrible horrible , customer service .
great place to take a date .
if i could give a negative star review , i would .
cleaning .
i always found great deals here even before the store closing sale .
ive had good luck with this pizza joint every time i get pizza here .
the food was amazing and our booth was very relaxing .
it was fatty and just ok .
and fantastic food .
the food was great , love the chicken sliders and wings !
really disappointed in their not standing behind their product .
was happier at a university even though i did not have a chosen major .
i got some of wings and their steak sandwich ( thursday special ) .
we loved it !
their craft is a good and reliable as any other family chain .
lastly , i am always shocked by how much stuff they carry .
the current price was $ _num_ ( cheaper , yay ! )
music in the bar , best shrimp cocktail you will every enjoy .
their menu has many great choices .
my children really enjoyed !
i 'll try to find another italian place in the area .
it is rich , a little spicy , and the tripe is cooked well .
walked out and will never return .
they did however pay for that dish , but i will not be back .
i really like the atmosphere here !
i thoroughly enjoyed my first visit to frank and lupe 's !
it was a great setting for an intimate concert .
went for lunch closed all signs are off the building no notice .
very pleased and we will continue to come as per usual .
the gnocchi is excellent .
they make a strong americano !
the woman taking my order told me _num_ minutes .
this guy has no bedside manner and is rather unfriendly .
this place is crazy ... .
however , i can be down to earth too .
loved this place !
a great dinner spot for date night !
this place is way better than the big company tire places .
cc is pretty much a staple here .
the wait staff was very nice and efficient .
however , the service was attentive and great .
and i 've loved every minute of it .
thank you , sincerely .
all fresh ingredients and really outstanding flavors .
she completely rushed and did not make the experience worth the price at all .
love this place !
this was a very nice surprise .
fun place to stop during a bike ride .
my son had the fish tacos and the fish was delicious .
it 's not my business .
the husband / wife owners are always pleasurable and the food is always good .
what a shame !
give it a try !
upon entering , i noticed the cafe was packed .
and it was more expensive than the parlor .
the staff are excellent .
we will continue to utilize barro 's for our pizza needs !
i always use alex ... .
tiffany was pleasant and helpful .
this makes it more reasonable and you still wo n't leave hungry .
you lost profit .
my baby loves going to `` school '' every day !
elements is a spectacular restaurant .
the chicken was dry to the mouth .
specialty az gifts .
they love it and it is always such a huge portion .
the chili verde was nearly inedible .
we stayed recently in a very nice suite .
the staff has been more than wonderful to us .
healthy creative tex-mex food .
perfect way to end a hectic day !
another area where i ca n't really complain .
scott at tire pro 's took great care of me .
he did n't ask why we were sending it back .
i 've heard better , not often do i hear worse .
great margaritas .
there is no way this place deserves five stars !
great place for everyone !
every time i 've been there i 've had an unforgettable experience .
this place is awesome !
$ _num_ later .
terrible customer service .
professional , honest , reliable and excellent , excellent work .
the staff is very friendly and helpful .
i server was amazing .
if you dont know how to wax , please dont .
want some pizza for lunch ?
such a great guy !
this place is pretty trashy , i 'd rather smoke my hookah at home .
pork and guacamole is always a great combo .
they have always giving me the utmost best service and are extremely knowledgeable .
this time around i was quite disappointed .
the food is fresh and the girls who work there are awesome !
over all i enjoyed my meal .
i stated in the survey exactly what i stated here on yelp .
generous portions .
friendly and accomodating staff .
rude employees .
i love it !
dry , flavorless with a hint of spice .
the installers were professional and did a fantastic job .
my session was also about _num_ minutes short .
the wait staff is friendly and attentive .
kudos !
the grounds and views are amazing of course .
genuine german owners i believe .
the entire staff was happy and attentive .
yes , it 's that good !
but it 's full of frustration to shop now .
i could not visit without paying hundreds of dollars first .
this was a fun float .
great wait staff .
have been here twice , and there will be no third visit .
the work was done quickly and looks really good .
i will definitely go back to salon tru and jenna .
my car looks great and the process was very easy !
we came here on a sunday afternoon hoping to eat decent bar food .
i went there last night , and both my boyfriend had a bad experience .
this place is so flavorful with fresh veggies and fresh herbs .
i would recommend it when shopping at scottsdale fashion square .
thank you charlie & midas !
i feel they take care of my loved ones like they were their own .
dude , you 're not busy ... there is no excuse .
overall a very enjoyable experience and i 'm looking forward to many return visits .
but believe me , they will never fix your car 's problem .
pretty surprising for a sports bar .
the place gives you a lot of food for great prices .
i love the fresh basil and tomato .
the dining room was empty .
absolutely superb in every way !
our room did n't have a mini fridge .
i had the pulled pork over polenta ... it was so tasty !
great course for beginners .
i will not visit this restaurant again .
just figured i would tough it out .
delicious .
she is an amazing woman and i am so happy to know her .
and the food was very good !
no apology .
highly recommended if you are looking for great seafood in the desert !
the men working are all super knowledgeable and friendly !
i had the chicken sandwich and it was amazing !
aaron offered a lot of assistance and helped guide me the right direction .
she listens and asks questions to make sure it is exactly what you want !
so pleased to have found a groomer in arizona !
to our disappointment our server was the nasty waitress .
but unfortunately , you let me down !
great salon .
their prices are not cheap and their service sucks .
atmosphere was great , service was great , margaritas were great .
$ _num_ dollars for sauce , dough , cheese , and sausage ?
i do love their pizza !
i also think it 's a bit overpriced .
the restaurant/bar was super flexible with us and took good care of us .
always had great service here too .
i seriously just sat there hungry the whole time .
arrogant people , skip it , go somewhere else for authentic persian food .
first , it is very small .
it sucks because it 's basically take what you can get here in arizona .
i wish i had n't .
food is pretty good , not fab .
this place is amazing !
this is definitely my favorite place to come for a gyro .
nice little store around the corner from home .
very delicious and a bit sweet !
a bowl of onions with _num_ meatballs !
the food was virtually inedible .
the rooms are spacious and well kept .
the calamari was breaded and fried and had no seasoning , including salt .
good eats and drinks for happy hour , love the atmosphere !
great stuff !
sauce and meats are great .
i tried to give benefit of doubt , boy was i wrong !
i think their food is worth closer to $ _num_ per meal .
fantastic meal .
decent appetizer platter ... minus the fact that it was cold .
very friendly staff !
same amazing prices and great knowledgeable staff .
tried the iced mocha today , and it was a good choice .
staff is always great and we always have a great time here .
the concessions are pretty pricy so eat before you go !
i was n't satisfied and yet the bill for lunch was $ _num_ !
first time at elements and it did not disappoint .
this place definitely does !
it makes it seem like no customer service training is given for any employees .
how does someone mess up a brownie ?
the car ran well and everything was great from there .
overall , the food was greasy , mediocre and overpriced .
my bread was a little harder but it was made fresh in house .
this store 's beer is _num_ % expired .
_num_ drinks .
check it out if you 're in town .
cool place .
even their ranch and blue cheese dipping sauces are unexpectedly good .
he ordered the mac & cheese for his side and it was terrible .
the bar food is awesome and is priced really good .
the issue just begins here though .
will not go back !
grooming and boarding are also something they offer .
my absolute favorite place ever !
i think it goes without saying , we wo n't be staying there again .
the absolute highest creativity and quality you 'll find in scottsdale .
the decor is bland and depressing and has n't changed in years .
they got it wrong again .
this is by far the worst walgreens pharmacy that i have ever been too .
not some place i 'm dying to spend my money .
very disappointed with my experiences here .
i probably will not be back since .
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .
this place is creepy .
thanks guys @ auto zone .
another great meal !
you get the full pat down .
and the lamb - also cooked perfectly .
their salsa is the best in scottsdale .
food was wonderful !
the bacon was in the omelet which i did not request .
the private tasting area is pretty sweet too .
also the slice specials , were simply cheese .
this a definite `` regular '' for us !
after pointing out the issue , i had to wait an additional _num_ minutes .
i can not stand the chicken used in their salads .
the sandwich was n't the greatest either .
very friendly staff .
great dive bar to start or end the night .
you 'll see lots of learning and playing in every corner .
they also do n't take credit or debit which is a huge pain .
tonight , our service was well below mediocre .
unfortunately , it is the worst .
thank you !
now , i refer family , friends , and neighbors .
and because of that , she tried to cut corners to save time .
it is however worth every penny !
unfortunately , the poor reviews were being very kind .
i got the rib steak and my wife got a sirloin .
instead of the waitress apologizing she just disappeared !
and wo n't help us out with this bad service they did for us .
great local favorite sub shop .
it looks worse than when it went in .
the coffee coconut stout was absolutely fantastic .
love this place !
come here often and will recommend .
bland and stale .
customer service is always perfect !
no customer service .
great wings , great pizza , great service , and great atmosphere .
service was bad !
so pleasant , helpful and knowledgable .
fries were good .
clean , thorough , and timely !
not personalized or warm at all .
and look how much noodles you get for $ _num_ .
best italian food in town .
i got the tamale sampler and it was great .
would n't go back unless i had already eaten .
nice touch !
check out the pictures !
wo n't be back .
had a couple of bad experiences .
each course gets better and better .
this is probably one of my top _num_ favorite restaurants .
should have read the reviews before i went to this shit hole .
the bread is made fresh and the smiley is the best !
the server also charged us for _num_ salads that she just brought out .
she did n't hesitate to completely ignore me and pick up the phone .
i definately recommend anyone to try .
lucy was a fantastic waitress for us as well .
the neighbors , they 're not the greatest , to be modest .
first off , they no longer include mimosas .
also matt was super cool and helpful .
very friendly atmosphere with the occasional funny joke .
a good place to celebrate .
i would recommend this place to anyone with high marks .
one of my favorite entree would have to be the thai spicy seafood .
the guy comes over and says `` that 'll be _num_ dollars '' .
it 's worth a trip back to check out everything else they have here .
that made me very happy !
maybe if they decide to stop being so rude !
papago brewery is awesome !
but to my pleasant surprise , these guys are awesome .
she so helpfull and nice , !
i also like that fact that they make the cream cheese there as well .
they were wonderful oh and were no pressure too !
terrible , terrible company !
another _num_ minutes brought us our dinners .
everyone is wearing their stupid shirts thinking the suns actually had a chance .
highly recommend !
my favorite mexican restaurant .
unfortunately , now it 's all different .
great for families or date night .
hot water was shut off for days at a time .
still has the mr misty freeze .
oh , and the parking sucks too .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
it was a professional experience with a family friendly approach .
they will be highly successful .
the chicken was tasty but somewhat overcooked and almost burned on the bottom .
great help on wine selection and appetizers for happy hour !
i will definitely be back to buy accessories and maybe a bike !
this place just lost my long term business .
absolute shit .
we 'll definitely go back !
i will not be back and will instead go somewhere else for persian food .
the rows of tables they have would be great for groups of people .
delicious , cheap water & fast , friendly service !
the first appointment was a waste .
eyebrows and nails look amazing !
i never heard back from them , so i called them a week ago .
i would recommend gary 's to others and continue bringing my cars here .
a little scary at first , but totally worth it .
would not recommend this dental clinic .
the staff was friendly and super fast .
friendly .
this is the worst sushi i have ever had .
the staff is incredibly attentive and respectful , and the spa was completely divine .
great people to do business with , they always stand behind their plants .
this was not , despite the length , intended to be a rant .
this resort is such a wonderful escape !
firstly it is expensive .
seriously not worth giving your business to .
but it was totally worth it .
the food is outstanding .
waited another _num_ minutes before a waitress came by .
please fix _num_ , _num_ , & _num_ above .
additionally , the service was slow .
the food was very bland to just awful .
food is average mexican , chips and salsa are decent .
will definitely come back when we are in town .
highly recommended !
quite disappointed with my experience here .
they are not good at signing for packages that are received .
after seeing that first off , i would n't dream of ordering food here .
the food is very tasty and the sushi very fresh .
this place has gone down hill , quickly .
delicious .
thanks for having exactly what i needed when i needed it !
unfortunately , my experience with the staff leaves much to be desired .
it looked like a fine blue collar place for pool / beer after work .
prices are excellent , quality is excellent , service is excellent .
all the food was tasty and ample .
they really did n't give a crap about all the pissed off customers .
great fun and entertainment for all ages !
it is sad because i always liked sonic .
great persian food .
highly recommend !
they did a great job !
the wings were good and big .
my hubby loves the cowboy burger .
the ambience is nifty and the food is delicious .
loved this place !
i would not return or recommend .
you want the highest quality fish in the valley , you come here !
the manager then said there was nothing they could do about it .
_num_ hrs later still fighting low grade fever and stomach upset .
it smelt like this establishment had n't been cleaned in months .
clean with friendly staff .
very nice and clean .
there are no veggies mixed in nor any meat .
nice decor inside , and nice outside in cooler weather .
great for bike stop dive .
i 'd recommend the ra in ahwatukee or on val vista and the _num_ .
kia mentioned if brought to them this repair should have cost $ _num_ .
too much spanish here .
family atmosphere is welcoming .
overall ... really good !
definitely recommend this dish !
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .
i was really happy with this place !
my hair always looks gorgeous .
service was outstanding and friendly .
went this evening and had a more than terrible experience .
the half chicken is amazing and the shirt ribs are some of the best .
family owned .
i should really come here more often .
it 's your typical pf changs .
wrong !
taco bell has better tasting beans and rice than rosita 's .
it is old , think shack .
ron is always honest about what my vehicle needs .
also had beef mongolian and it did n't taste right as well .
when we went to pick up the cushions , they were wrong .
the kitchen staff moves like a well oiled machine .
the vinyl came out ok the carpet on the other hand not so good .
for someone who eats there all the time , variety is important .
what kind of breakfast place does n't have cream cheese ?
the staff is the best .
highly recommended .
refused for a to go order on new years eve .
keep up the great work guys ... .
zero indoor seating !
this is a must for authentic italian food and atmosphere .
oh trader joe 's , i love , love , love ya !
seriously so delicious !
great pizza and friendly staff !
got a cut and color and conditioning treatment .
as we walked in , we were seating pretty quickly .
amazing flavors .
would n't you send a manager over ?
the was great .
my whole family loved it .
this is unacceptable considering we did have a reservation !
the smell , look , and ambiance of this place is incredible .
this smelled bad !
i highly recommend going to fiesta when your hungry for quick mexican food .
_num_ minutes later , we get our food .
fresh donuts every day .
it was made with love , man .
i had a major purchase on one receipt with $ _num_ kohl 's cash .
the produce is ridiculously fresh .
disgusting food .
i have never been allowed to see a dr in a timely manner .
best bar in old town .
the prices are reasonable and she always does a great job !
the best strip mall nail salon in scottsdale .
so we left unsure what all the hype was about and a little disappointed .
best spaghetti !
it is very noisy and the food is just okay .
you are amazing !
the waitresses are friendly and very attentive .
exceptional margaritas !
i went to the dealer and had the door fixed ... _num_ .
so glad to fine tune place of we lived here we would be regulars .
however , we will no longer patronize such rude service .
i am sorry to have given them the chance they never deserved .
prices are too high for what you get in this no-frills place .
both excellent .
neither salad came with a side of bread .
i was drooling with the flavors !
good place , great patio dinning experience .
not so much .
it would be nice that the dim lighting was turned up one more notch .
loved it except the cabbage .
best foot massages in town when you get a pedicure !
but this place is wonderful .
good , close to work , and cheap !
will definitely come back to this resort in the future .
the garlic bread on the side was delicious and fresh .
i actually can wait to come back next year !
staff is friendly and helpful .
lovely setting .
the bartenders are friendly .
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
on the tag , needless to say i was disappointed .
would definitely recommend to a friend .
love this place any day of the week .
you even read back to me what i ordered then again when i pay .
great little place with lots of charm and character .
disgusting regard for customers , i 've never felt so insulted .
will definitely be back .
that 's great because a lot of places do n't which is n't fun .
service was bad with waiters only stopping by to sell more drinks .
i always have a good meal at this og .
rude , rude , rude !
-- i am hooked !
tell me how you can help me not how you ca n't .
it was almost too much work to get the meat off the bone .
what a great hidden gem in old town scottsdale !
the happy hour price on rita 's was fantastic .
these guys are horrible .
pure garbage .
its not worth the headache .
kids are welcome to be kids !
the most amazingly friendly and caring service !
definitely coming again !
this place is one of the top in the area for a reason .
maybe they just do n't care .
the prime rib comes with horseradish - very weak and cut with butter .
not even _num_ star is deserved !
excellent customer service !
no complaints here - zipps is the best !
wings were good though , but it was hard to order them .
if you are a disabled veteran do not even think about moving in there .
the place is a bit loud but really worth it .
saturday nights it 's a nice place to bring the family .
i love baseball !
they have wonderful food and really great service .
they provide great service and even better humor .
i just do n't trust them anymore .
beyond disgusting !
reasonable prices solid portions and everything i put in my mouth was awesome .
always service with a smile .
but a true old time parlor should have french fries .
your pets will be in good hands here .
wish it was n't so because i am a stone throw away .
best steak i think i 've ever had !
more bang for your buck .
they are very nice .
friends had the roast beef and chicken crave .
the staff was rude and unwelcoming .
wow pricing is incredible .
company fails to listen to the voice of the customer .
good margs , check !
horrible , horrible place ... ... rude management , lazy bartenders , stupid servers .
i am so done with this plumbing company .
fruit was old .
will recommend them to friends and family !
delicious mexican food with an amazing outside atmosphere .
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .
now they wo n't deliver .
best breakfast place in town !
at this point i 'm really confused .
i must say , they have an excellent staff here .
perfect family lunch spot .
the property is fabulous !
she 's just one of my favorite people in the world !
superior in every way !
the service was fast and friendly .
fast delivery of the food .
the braised dr. pepper ribs are excellent .
wow .
hubby and i shared a green chili chimi , ( delicious beef green chili .
bacon , ham , hash browns , etc .
like , just say you dont have what i want and move on .
the tacos and crab cake are my favorites .
but the salt cellar is amazing !
our other dinner guest ate only half his carne dish .
the woman was horribly dressed .
do not rent a car from here , worst experience ever .
vegetables used are frozen ... their not fresh .
great place for lunch !
fantastic prices on produce .
so i call back and the lady was rude as heck .
the sandwich was not that great .
best bean and cheese and large strips in the world .
larry was very friendly and professional .
she just did n't handle it properly the first time around .
he is the best !
all-around great bar .
this place is over priced and the sandwiches are not that great .
it took forever to get drink refills , salsa for our chips , etc .
i also got the michelada here .
outstanding service and food at a super high level .
thanks cameron and will for the witty and genuine service .
tonight i lost all respect for this company .
we always look forward to our next visit !
they have the best juke box in town , though .
awesome .
thanks for an awesome job .
they had my tire size , where most shops did not .
great chips and salsa .
wow !
my husband thinks the new menu is better .
also , their food is very good and the service is normally very friendly .
sadly , the same surly , unfriendly people still work here .
one of my very favorite restaurants in phoenix !
without the tips , they sink .
it was one of the best meals i 've had , period .
the food is delish and the specials are great !
i recently moved from seattle and am so happy i found scarlett !
the food was delicious and portions were great .
the selection of candies is excellent .
love this supermarket !
it was great , and everything tasted fresh and homemade .
they changed the menu to the worst .
the salmon consistency is perfect .
the staff is always delightful .
i love this place !
watery bloody and slow service .
if you are looking for below average cuisine , this is your place .
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .
i would suggest you stay away and take your business elsewhere .
it was almost as bad as tasting ocean water .
the heated salt block was a unique touch .
run , dont walk to any other rv service center .
the red enchiladas lacked flavor and we could not finish it .
highly recommend .
atmosphere is suitable for either - classy .
is n't that funny ? ''
i can not believe i have n't reviewed this place !
just amazing .
do n't effing go here .
the chicken inside of the quesadilla was cold and the soup was luke warm .
do n't come here if you 're looking for authentic thai food .
i heard the music from the sidewalk and would n't even walk in .
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .
excellent southwestern food .
their customer service stinks !
( it was excellent ! )
total waste of a great place .
nothing matches up .
the food is actually really good , reasonably priced and great portions .
delicious ice cream , great prices , and fantastic service .
like an item , they charge you anyway .
, and their toasted cheese bagels are amazingly delicious .
the food is way way above par .
their meats are devine and their veggies crunchy and fresh .
place is super cool !
service was great .
they did an `` ok '' job , but it wasnt laura !
the color turned out beautifully .
best in town !
really , everything thing about this place is wonderful .
apps very good .
meh , it was ok but a bit expensive for a diner .
this was a recommendation from one of the managers at the sheraton desert oasis .
family place .
thank you , april air !
this place would have received more stars had i not had unpleasant experiences .
wow !
i 'm extremely satisfied with the service we ended up receiving .
service was excellent , cocktails yummy and food delicious .
i only had my credit cards ( who does not take credit anymore ) .
thanks for the fine food and great service allison !
but really bland '' .
in the meantime , it 's always worth a trip to one posh place .
i did n't see it .
when i went to the restroom , i noticed that it was quite filthy .
good service , though we were only ones there when we finished at 8pm .
warning to everyone to do your research before doing business with this company .
i really really enjoyed my experience here .
do n't waste your time .
i recommend them with great confidence .
i just had a horrible experience there .
and , to me it looked just ok .
veal dishes and eggplant dishes were superb .
i wo n't be going back here , its just depressing .
definitely go italian .
apparently four stars worth .
the staff is friendly and caring .
great food and service !
beans and rice were sub par and bland as well .
they have lots of beer and the bartenders are cool .
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .
it 's especially nice that we live practically right next door .
singer was okay but nowhere near the professional level .
unfortunately , we did not find any of the above .
i had two bowls .
great value and good beer selection .
great food and service .
ugh these guys are a rip off .
i highly recommend him to my friends .
food was ok , service was bad .
there was no sign and i was n't going to bother asking .
you 'll probably walk out with a couple of friends you did n't know .
overall , i was quite disappointed .
i would highly recommend it !
i decided to give her a try and am so happy i did .
consistently great service , food , and atmosphere !
the whole experience was outstanding .
great food from a hole in the wall chinese place .
it is very quaint & quiet !
i do not recommend this cleaners .
this was definitely true !
asked twice for drink refills and never did get them .
god i love pei wei .
good comes out quick .
the hold time each attempt was over _num_ minutes .
bourbon maple butter had no bourbon or maple flavor .
alexis is a great server !
and do not try to return anything .
this is a great place to take out of state visitors .
really , really disappointed .
a wonderful experience as usual .
terrible customer service .
this place is quaint , eccentric , and good food .
i was very disappointed with my recent visit to this macayo 's .
it 's a shame , because it would n't be hard to fix .
going back with a large group next week to have it again !
good ambience for a seafood joint .
it also worked out nicely being so close to our house .
everyone takes care of you !
our waitress gave us great service !
good shop .
i love pancakes and they do to !
not even bean taste .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .
do not rent a po box from this lady !
she said it was otherwise ok , but had too much ricotta cheese .
i left a rx there for _num_ hours .
however , i definitely do n't think i would be back .
we will def come back often !
call me picky , but i like cheese on my pizza .
i rescheduled an appointment for her to fix it .
the service was excellent .
reasonable prices for happy hour .
went here last night with a friend to use up a gift card .
no cheese .
the ice cream is creamy but the prices are ridiculous .
i will not be visiting this one again .
i truly recommend .
very unhappy !
i 'm sorry to my red bone .
the management staff turned over quicker than a fast food joint .
the food and cake were 2nd to none , everybody loved it .
i love that it 's a consignment store because there 's always something new !
huge , huge disappointment for us .
really top notch doughnuts !
price is n't bad and decent value .
malee 's is wonderful thai food and nice place with great service .
we were visiting in october and my wife loved the seasonal pumpkin ice cream .
crap music .
_num_ minutes go by , we ask again , and eventually get them .
my absolute favorite type of restaurant !
plus the worst cheese crisp ever !
not _num_ feet behind me followed a second customer , all dressed up .
there are many places in south scottsdale that has wonderful food .
filthy windows , and various other strange smells i could n't recognize .
very clean and efficient .
one of the best beer selections in the phoenix area .
the staff here is very friendly and always helpful .
will keep it simple .
drinks - there 's a bar & they do n't separate people under _num_ .
ive been here twice in _num_ years now i know why .
wow !
we had to call the police twice this week as well for noise problems .
they have a wonderful atmosphere !
i would recommend them to anyone .
do n't even waste your time .
thank you .
they have it worse off than you .
wow !
how dishonest !
i had about _num_ bites all over my body !
i walked back without the menu .
we politely sent them back and asked for coffee instead .
their customer service is wonderful .
we were hungry and we still could not like the food .
amazing south american food !
it is usually not too crowded and i enjoy the atmosphere .
* ) no comforter on bed .
ugh soo disappointing !
the employees are great !
it 's honestly the best mexican food i have ever eaten .
best pizzeria in town .
mayo turned out to be a nightmare for me .
really nice resort in a great location .
unfortunately , the service is far from perfection .
this place is definitely a sports bar through and through .
friendly and attentive service .
_num_ words : incredible dish !
this was prime italian food .
open & inviting chair areas !
wish the employees were more cautious where they stuff their face .
i am very disappointed with the service and the general manager .
so good !
not to many side dish options .
great quality food , atmosphere , and location .
the staff is not trained on the rules .
this is our local pharmacy of choice .
i love coming here for the comfort food and the quality has never disappointed .
same money down , lower payments , better car , much better experience !
avoid this restaurant at all cost !
sushi chefs definitely know what they are doing and the bartender was hilarious .
the best gifts come from james elliot !
bavarian point is amazing .
i politely refused , and he gave me a dirty look .
but this has really gone down hill .
i am less pleased with the emergency side of the office .
great day !
no more .
fast , hot , and delicious .
love it .
i drove by this place so many times and never noticed it .
there was _num_ of us in our party , we were seated right away .
i was treated with dignity and respect at all times .
chopped salad was delish but steak and lamb were both tough .
first the tacos were good but not the best .
love all the purses that are up there .
good times .
the best ace hardware store around .
i ca n't stand these things .
thunderbird automotive has always been helpful , honest and so friendly .
absolutely ridiculous .
best cut i 've had in years .
awesome !
very good thai food .
thank god i did n't eat a cheesesteak !
the meat was tender and delicious .
happy with the cut and with the price !
i will not be eating at this location again .
so disappointed and will never come back .
awesome chips and salsa !
love it !
( _num_ days if you 're wondering ) .
i would stay far away from this venue .
this one is close to my house but it is n't my favorite location .
so as if i was n't already annoyed , now i am really frustrated !
one of my favorite local dive bars .
the best food and atmosphere .
there is something on the bottle list for everyone .
a total rip off .
we really enjoyed this place .
each server was knowledgable and able to make good recommendations .
the service is attentive .
the executive chef is quite handsome !
love zipps , it 's a scottsdale institution .
it has a good atmosphere and is pretty busy most weekend nights .
very professional and very eager to please .
i really hate being lied to .
one of our favorite spots for a casual , quick dinner !
we just had a nice chill time in this totally laid back spot .
he was very laid-back and knowledge .
they 're that good .
very nice atmosphere and plenty of room at the bar which was nice .
instructors keep the material fun .
want to have my wedding reception here .
it was awful .
i do n't know how the manager didnt take care of the whole bill .
the pool was great as well .
get the check and the _num_ % is automatically added .
thanks for a great experience my first time in here !
overall , a disappointment .
prime rib .
glory to jesus christ !
my cousin and i walked in about 10am on a weekday .
they should call it a lotion application because that 's exactly what it was .
fuck my ass , she was right .
oh , and they have fast service , delivery or pickup .
very nice clinic and staff .
thank you , jennifer .
abby did a excellent job on my hair cut and style .
so , i called them back today to cancel my service .
i love this salon !
i agree with the other bad reviews .
i did n't sleep well .
yet when we decided to leave , we could not find our server anywhere .
this is my favorite hole in the wall place to eat .
my _num_ and _num_ year olds love this place .
everything always arrives hot and fresh .
only selected _num_ star because i had to .
the staff is friendly !
after that , it was all downhill .
the food is very authentic !
it was worth every cent .
the few items i 've had on the menu are consistently good .
ok so the service is fine here but everything else was terrible .
great food , great service , great environment !
she reluctantly gave it back .
place was not very clean , nor inviting .
scheduling appointments however , is anything but simple .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .
i repeat : no diet coke .
i really appreciate a great small business that is able to get things done !
everyone i have encountered has been very nice , welcoming and helpful .
the prices have barely gone up .
then she gave me the cost with their `` discount '' plan .
appetizers were excellent and very large so would need to plan the meal accordingly .
we still had to wait _num_ minutes for a table .
the pancakes were a little dry however .
great hang over food .
i 'm so glad i went and had a second opinion .
needless to say , we were furious .
if you just need a roof over your head i suppose this will do .
i love it .
both were delicious !
tatiana came highly recommended by my daughter .
my husbands halibut did n't seem like halibut at all .
i could not be more upset right now .
perfect hole in the wall mexican food restaurant !
loved , loved , loved it !
if i go back i 'd would try a different dish .
the rice has carrots and peas in it !
it is obvious the owners do n't care about their customers .
way more than just their delicious bagels !
tuesday we came home to no work being done on the shower .
this time -- `` eh '' .
i waited over _num_ minutes .
this is my new italian spot !
naan was fresh baked and delicious and was great mixed with saag paneer .
great atmosphere !
i ordered the shredded beef tacos and they were not greasy like most places .
this place was horrible !
we shared a variety of all of the appetizer specials ... everything was delicious .
it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .
i should n't have to get up and ask where my order is .
it is quiet and intimate , a great menu and food .
i have never been disappointed !
great management and staff .
the worst service i have ever had .
excellent food and service .
small place that 's great for take out .
by far best gyros in az !
still love coming here for the great services !
the food has always been amazing .
my salmon was smelly ( very fishy ) and overcooked .
i got a chicken , carne asada and fish taco .
i 've ordered the mashed potato bowl and it has been delicious !
i had to wait for _num_ minutes with no apology or explanation .
such a beautiful resort !
and , the pizza is amazing .
one of the best salads in town as well .
does one have to give _num_ star ?
if you not eating , this is a great wine to sip on .
both very good .
are you kidding me ?
it was room temp and basically a bucket of grease .
i would much rather go out of my way and go to four peaks .
they really earned a _num_ .
good food .
food was amazing !
i was impressed and will be back .
was good .
obviously , the beans and rice were eaten .
i stopped by with a few friends whom all enjoyed their meals .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
the food is great !
they have a huge selection of tap beers , like beyond imaginable .
good steak for a good value !
it is really really overwhelming .
then they added too much salt to almost everything .
but - for good fresh stuff ! )
highly recommended !
i 'm always amazed at americans love of really bad chinese food .
good price for what you got .
_num_ months later .
and the bill , with tax , came to ten bucks flat !
the food is very authentic and it 's presentation is great .
customer service by management here was terrible .
this is a great persian restaurant .
i ordered a root beer float & it was a disaster .
the sushi itself was extremely underwhelming .
excellent sandwiches and just about any other italian grocery item you can mention !
the lady working the drive through is on it .
wow , i ca n't stop going to this place !
this is not a gated community .
there 's just something about it that keeps me wanting more .
there no is proper place to sit .
ok ... not better than sex , but the cake was very good .
i found the soup to be outstanding and hubby liked the salad .
they called my name to grab my order .
we also had the persian room appetizer platter .
the iced lattes i ordered with the meals were also perfect .
he 's always happy and loves what he does .
great southwestern food and the staff and owner treated us like royalty .
this place is pretty dang cool !
the guitar player sang for us which was a nice touch .
i could n't believe it .
the bread is tasteless and light , sort of like styrofoam .
their food has been great the two times i 've been there .
walked in first thing in the morning for my saturday appointment .
well , at least the syrup is -- they make it with your order .
lunches are a great deal too .
i highly recommend them for car repairs .
delicious breakfast .
not worth the money .
service was excellent , and prices were a bargain .
no thanks la fitness !
my friend went as well and was equally unimpressed .
this is not the case .
its not worth what you pay .
service is terrible .
the furniture is pretty decent , and displayed fairly nicely .
he said yes , but would need another _num_ business days to complete .
here 's a tip put someone at the drive through who speaks english !
this should not be an all day event .
you have _num_ choices for german food in the same strip mall .
instead , he brought a customer 's food ( who just arrived ) .
and honestly the food is just greasy and nasty .
excellent .
very nasty .
i would recommend using them .
the rooms are clean , the common areas are updated and open .
like i said , i wish i did .
it is a pricey place to eat , but it is very tasty .
the whole restaurant/bar needs to be pressure washed .
the food is delicious everytime and the service is great .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !
needless to say i did not have my dress for my trip .
nothing special .
keep up the good work !
really fun .
very small space , so it gets crowded quick !
all around great place to grab a drink or two .
absolutely loved this restaurant .
from seafood to steak , they always get my order right .
great experience and looking forward to my next appointment .
the food was decent , but so is taco bell .
wtf !
in best of phoenix magazine every year .
great prices .
nothing else to say , this place is amazing !
my family and i love this bagel nosh !
we were also served chips and salsa which were ok , nothing special .
great service , food and drink , thank you uncle bob for this gift !
the decor is nice , relaxing and romantic .
we were pleasantly surprised .
james elliot is a great jewelry store .
to be fair , the order was ready and the employees were nice .
food was amazing especially the breakfast burrito .
thank you , thank you , thank you .
unless you 're a fan of poorly executed `` italian food , '' beware !
this is not new york pizza .
he was extremely polite and very informative .
not sure how long that will take .
the server never mentioned he added gratuity to the check .
amber and kate are wonderful staff members .
the lobster udon was so fresh and amazing !
we were seated and i loved all the pink decor .
no firearms allowed !
this restaurant is great !
excellent customer service !
she introduced herself and explained that she knew how i felt .
overall a great experience .
the food was n't much better .
i do n't get sweet treats often , and bosa was well worth it .
it is a must have !
thanks guys !
that is why they get one star .
they are consistently delicious and my favorite sushi place in the valley .
i 've been here almost _num_ years , and i love my job !
not going back .
this is our go to service center for the whole fleet of family cars .
we ordered the basil pesto linguine , the chefs salad and various sushi .
what fun .
i had a splendid experience .
also , their sandwich combos are amazing .
amazing !
great happy hour and excellent food .
a weekend favorite !
very good bloody mary .
this is a great place to eat and socialize .
eat , drink and be merry my friends !
i have the most awful upstairs neighbors .
first time going to a vet with my sweet bo .
as always , martini ranch did not disappoint .
they answered all my questions and concerns and did a great job on it .
always loved lunch specials .
it was so much fun suck a beautiful lake !
the $ we spent on this vacation was well worth it !
each trip is full of wonders , peaceful , informative and interesting .
the tuna was perfect and the extras inside were perfect .
the restroom situation alone is enough for any woman to go crazy .
i love that it is a pet friendly complex !
fail .
this was the best dental experience i have ever had .
love this place will def .
i stopped cooking and dumped out all the chicken .
however i was there last weekend and something was seriously wrong .
highly recommend !
these guys are so smart !
the food was delicious and the naan as well .
all the workers are so kind and helpful .
it was made fresh .
no offer of drinks in the meantime .
thumbs down !
big fan .
the food portions are enormous .
and the staff are funny too !
very fast , honest and respectful .
awesome for some , but not for me .
the service was mediocre as we had to hunt down the server pretty often .
a great experience for the _num_ years we used desert storage .
i 've always had a good time !
when not in paris ... scottsdale will have to do !
this took me off guard of course .
worst place ever !
but , i was with my children on a school night .
if something breaks it usually takes a couple weeks before the machine is fixed .
when i showed up for my appointment there was no record of the appointment .
so i 'm out almost double of what we were supposed to pay .
pretty good deal .
terrible services !
guacamole extra but this can be expected .
not cleaned up .
service is really good !
wow ... never knew this place was here .
love this place .
highly recommended .
i felt bad for the other servers , they seemed embarrassed .
good food , especially for the price .
the best part to me was the ice cream .
service is usually pretty good , but either way their sundaes are delicious .
the steak was overcooked and he also received _num_ shrimp .
this sushi place is amazing .
would have rated lower if i could .
wonderful company .
i actually hated it .
neighborhood bars rock !
solid _num_ stars .
nice high end pizzeria will definitely come back when on vacation .
reliable , extraordinary customer service , and the cleaning was first-rate as well .
the rooms are beautiful , spacious and real clean .
i also love the drunken dragon noodles .
gross .
called the groomer and she said there was a cut nail .
the coffee is n't very good but the food is tasty and not greasy .
if you know native american art visit the gallery to increase your knowledge .
lots of unique choices - all good !
we 'll definitely be back !
we 've purchased a bed , appliances , family gifts .
this starbucks is my favorite because of the great customer service .
this place has the best salsa and great prices !
but it is an authentic retro , ice cream parlor .
the service was exceptional and the food was incredible .
we came with a bunch of little girls and they felt so special .
the rice and tomato soup was good too .
i ordered dinner for me and girlfriend at _num_ pm through their app .
idiots run this place , i will never return .
i really like the salsa bar too !
great wings and decent drinks but the wait staff is horrible !
great food !
she responded by telling me i must watch _num_ minutes .
you know its great when you see a local chef enjoying a meal too .
highly recommended .
he was fantastic and i would recommend this company to everyone !
the tacos are cheap and amazing in flavor .
it 's not real .
food is always yummy !
i have no idea what kind of crack people are smoking in phoenix .
it 's the only salon i will let touch my hair !
they are just fantastic there .
great atmosphere here considering the flight line is right beside the cafe .
unfortunately , i did .
my entire family sees him and we all love him .
after waiting almost _num_ hours this was very disappointing .
would not recommend this company !
it was delicious .
the patio looked great , next time i will have to sit out there .
great burger .
the burgers are delicious .
a complete care package !
i got the chicken satay thinking that would be safe .
the ambiance is nice .
should n't he have sent out a replacement anyway ?
when we arrived _num_ mins earlier , the restaurant was dead .
do n't bother , they do n't want the business and it shows .
i am very impressed .
their service was great and the food was delicious .
the food is not that authentic .
the manager is rude .
i 've had the same problem with this restaurant that others here have had .
it was amazing , and i have not had a better one since .
thanks for making this process effortless lisa !
favorite place for groceries hands down .
great food and easy to find location .
food was average and the wait staff was horrible !
highly recommend .
really spicy and thankfully a lot less sauce than most of their other items .
green rice sounds funny but taste fantastic .
absolutely stunning meal .
bottom line : great selection and great prices .
great gluten free pizza and wings !
there is a wide variety of meats and veggies , noodles , etc .
it 's cool how they are _num_ hours !
surprisingly that was not enough either .
it had a tuna taste and just not cooked here kinda vibe .
the ambiance is great .
i will definitely be coming back again !
the sopapillas were good , but that is not hard to mess up .
one of the worst meals ever .
thee best happy hour in scottsdale .
these guys are pricey but good and addictive .
this place smells like bug spray .
it 's not bad , by any means .
its a must try ... you will be hooked !
there were _num_ other customers in the entire restaurant at the time .
we really enjoyed this place !
i love the lasagna and pizza .
great burger before the game - awesome wings after the game .
i love this place .
wow !
great meal !
this is the best pei wei in the area .
absolutely love love love this place !
when you walk in you cant leave with out getting a drink or two .
shrimp appetizer arrived and looked and tasted like a boxed breaded oven baked shrimp .
the staff are insanely sweet every time i go .
the pedicures are a good price for a good job !
everything was absolutely delicious .
fun atmosphere and always quick .
he gave me my ticket to go inside and pay .
will visit it the next time i fly into phoenix !
really great tailor .
great service too !
these people today were truly awful !
great food good service crazy price .
our server was great too ... bubbly and energetic .
the guy is ok , the women have their moments .
yes i had a surprise birthday party here and it was amazing .
her attitude stuck out the whole meal .
at this point , i was ready to walk out .
some of the very best sushi i have ever had !
the italian food is generous if not too generous but very good .
wow !
the menu is eccentric and full of interesting things .
jen p rocks !
very talented folk !
very friendly people and everything tastes like home made .
this place is pretty good .
the perfect flakey crunch but still moist with honey .
great service ... great deal !
they tire i had to buy because mt tire got ruined was way overpriced .
fabulous food and a warm , inviting atmosphere .
i was so happy i tried this new place with my family .
my friend got thai , i got vietnamese , and another got chinese .
service : our waitress was friendly , helpful and did great job !
the makeover of the place is phenomenal .
one of our friends was told he had a fake id and is _num_ .
great bang for your buck .
great wine list .
happy hour on a friday was very busy .
we will never go back .
i really enjoy service from more experienced servers .
defalco 's is the best italian restaurant i have ever eat at .
thank you for taking such good care of my little car !
friendly .
the nachos were not really nachos .
very cheerful business - i like them a lot !
oh well , it was only $ _num_ for a _num_ night stay .
horrible ownership and management for something like this to happen .
the food was not much better .
extremely disappointed !
this location is the best kona grill i have been to .
since it was a business outing we were kind of stuck .
bottom line - do n't waste your money on vip .
total waste of time .
perfect place to enjoy some tasty ice cream on a hot day .
sorry , not planning on go back after reading other reviews .
i love this place !
took it out for my first ride this morning and it was great !
we chose the cream cheese which was very good .
my favorite bww .
walked across the street from the hampton inn .
it 's so good , i never want to go for anything but .
best wishes to mark and his family .
this place is solid .
and the quality is outstanding , so much better than whole foods !
no ac , really ?
it was wonderful !
sure , the fluff sells in bulk and you need to carry it .
flemings or any other high end chain is better .
love the new addition and john the owner takes such great care of you .
the lady that rang me up was n't friendly either .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .
my nails look amazing , and the price was unbeatable .
delicious and i ca n't wait to bring my family here !
the first time i got carryout there they forgot an appetizer i ordered .
very hard on the back .
the servers were always friendly though .
i love the salt cellar .
we loved it .
the steak had great flavor .
we saw several wild horses and lots of beautiful scenery !
the chicken salad is amazing and so is the vodka sauce .
the hair colors he uses stand out but stay professional and realistic looking .
i highly recommend their office !
our waitress was friendly and service was good .
extremely disappointed .
love that !
what a waste of $ _num_ + tip for that grumpy host .
it 's like people think it 's hand soap and do n't touch it .
very friendly and knowledgeable staff .
so , besides the long wait , everything else is pretty good !
the kicker is the free homemade lemonade that 's always available in the lobby !
their italian sausage is made daily and is super fresh and delicious .
now back to the main reason for this review , misty !
the food was really undercooked and slow to get .
i wish zero stars was an option .
elements has one of the most romantic views at sunset !
dq is a great place to go for family celebrations .
take my shoes off ?
the service and the frame selection is phenomenal .
two thumbs way up !
oh well , their patio was lovely .
i love this place .
i should mail this place my hospital bill .
always delish !
i also love that it 's a cage free groomer and boarding facility !
i 've been there before but never again .
other food was good as well .
very nice service , and less pretentious than the others just up the street .
there delivery is really fast also .
soft music playing while you drink , eat and read .
they have really good happy hour .
best chicken wings in town !
love her !
big a $ $ burger was excellent - certainly enough to split between two .
i gave the hostess my order and waited at the bar .
both were tasty but the soup was amazing !
i got a good deal on a highly rated battery .
i have no less than _num_ charges on my credit card .
the views as everyone else has stated are well worth the visit .
and i could them wandering around at the bar not actually doing anything .
i paid _num_ down and _num_ a month or something like that .
scallops bigger than my face are found here .
i would recommend to anyone .
the food came when they said it would and it was hot !
i love this place !
they have some great deals here .
great pizza .
me had a cold .
this place is ridiculous .
loved it !
hate it .
we had a very nice meal here last night .
my favorite sub place !
a party of _num_ would have been booked well in advance .
do n't waste time or money here , go to a different store .
we love to go here .
excellent care and very nice staff and doctors .
worst experience ever !
very very good food .
this place was fantastic !
now i have perfect teeth !
the service was horrible .
his staff is friendly and always accommodating .
could that have been put elsewhere ?
but this was not the venue for them .
my last lunch actually gave me the runs .
my husband was much more gracious , thanked him , and shook his hand .
i 'm a very loyal customer !
the spa at camelback inn is one of my favorite places in arizona .
terrific service and very friendly .
the cost for _num_ minutes of work + diagnostic was $ _num_ .
nothing terrible , pretty decent , i would of rather had the tacos .
the alterations costs were very reasonable and done impeccably well .
this location is especially clean and neat inside which i also love .
then i saw their health inspection report online .
by far , qt is the best convenience store in az !
for some reason today we did not have the best service .
the food was decent , but there was nothing special about the drinks .
the location is ideal as we rode our bikes here .
no customer service at all .
the only saving grace was that she did n't charge us for the coffee .
secondly , it costs $ _num_ per person to get in on sat morning .
unique place .
obviously nobody is there to take care of this place .
they had games , food trucks , and various vendors in a beautiful setting .
kfc is just down the road .
everything here is wonderful !
its very tasty and very good quality .
this facility is extremely professional and clean .
the worst part of the restaurant is the service .
also , the food was amazing !
this company lost one of my items and promised to replace it .
love going here !
well worth the wait though .
the wait staff and dcor was also very pleasant .
an hour and a half to serve four people mediocre food ?
the staff is always very friendly and helpful .
great place to drink or eat , will definitely return !
fun for groups or with your honey .
i had the monkey cakes , which were really really good .
good customer service , good menu , quality eating , so-so parking .
i would recommend starving over going here .
i was being too nice .
not sanitary .
the manicure was not good .
fried calamari hit the spot as appetizer .
big , cold , japanese beer , fresh sushi , great prices .
buddy is so happy when he comes to visit here weekly .
have eaten here many times and it is always great .
if i come again , i 'll probably get all vegetarian sushi .
i 'm unable to get my packages because of their hours , as well .
no entrees excited me and the desserts were extremely strange .
very good reliable chinese delivery .
walked up mill and heard about this place , decided to try it out .
my orders are constantly wrong , or my food arrives smashed or old .
another wonderful visit with dr. tim !
nice decor , huge wine selection if that 's your thing .
great food !
such a perfect place for little girls birthday party or date night .
one of the best shops in town i have ever been too !
thanks to phil and all the seamstress !
had the right amount of spice , lots of flavor and lots of veggies .
everyone is always so nice and professional !
this is by far our favorite pizza place .
_num_ bars , if on the slow side .
absolutely horrible customer service !
this place is definitely starting to become a family favorite .
i absolutely love this place !
best wings in town !
yum this stuff is delicious and i will be getting it often .
great fried rice and the food always tastes fresh .
good food , much better than i expected .
i 've never , ever left a restaurant without my food before .
then , she explained that she forgot to take her pills that morning .
like _num_ older , not _num_ older like we are .
get things back into proper working order , and i 'll think about staying .
best barber shop in town .
not really sure what has happened .
great place !
this went on for _num_ hrs .
it 's up there with the best persian restaurants in la !
they recently opened a very tasty restaurant inside !
drinks are made by really good bartenders .
thanks again !
strange , but in a good way .
the food and services were top notch !
always do a nice job and are reliable .
the waitress speaks german , so you know it 's real !
i always enjoy my visits to pf changs .
this place is one of our favorites to go to !
i really love this place and could eat here every other day !
very impressed with roaring fork !
i immediately started to cry lol !
we 'll find someone else to work with and give our money too .
i 've had several services here and i highly recommend the messages and facials .
exactly , they are n't built in to all the stores .
love this place !
this branch is getting worse and worse .
i ordered a chicken teriyaki and hunan shrimp on a very slow sunday evening .
this was our 4th time there and is quite consistent quality .
she realized before we sat down that we wanted privacy .
love the breakfast burritos here .
wait staff upbeat and helpful .
my friend just had a baby here and it was simple .
been here before and it was much better .
have fun !
service is excellent and the food is among the best in the city .
this place has gone down hill in the past year .
before last may , i had n't been to the marquee since _num_ .
very simple place , but clean with immediate attention & great prices !
great service by gary .
excellent homemade cooking , super friendly staff .
once entering the store , absolutely no one greeted me .
great job !
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .
i hate these kind of places .
if you want some nice sushi , stay away from this place .
this place is horrible .
i love their frozen edamame and their carrot cake is delicious .
a nice quiet place to have a nice lunch .
thus , my friend was obliged with about _num_ free shows at the venue .
so i proceed to go every 5-7 days for shots .
their short rib was tender and spice just right .
the place was kind of overpriced too since they food is not that good .
the prices are good , the food is warm and the coffee is hot .
we went into this store and talked to michael .
this place serves some sort of food but it is not mexican .
good bar staff and fun music .
do n't waste your time or your money at this place !
the fish tacos were also really good !
- no alarm clock in room .
the double sized beds were not acceptable .
i ordered the pancake breakfast : pancakes , two eggs and bacon .
fast , friendly , and reasonable prices .
the pizza with artichokes , sausage and prosciutto was so-so .
however i would not go back unless i was in the area .
thanks guys !
not impressed .
well , yeah ... look at the location .
they have great quick breakfasts you can order to go .
yummy , and the service is consistently great .
this is a beautiful golf course .
these past _num_ times , i tell the lady my simple hair cut .
very fun and friendly to every level of golfer .
i ordered an iced coffee as well and it was awesome to .
the clothing department and cosmetics similarly provided very good customer service .
it 's unfortunate that bad things happen to good people .
they were as friendly and helpful as always !
the bread was store bought cold and tasted _num_ days old .
i will definitely return the next time i 'm in the area !
when i went and picked my dogs up , i was not happy .
i love this office .
the drinks : good enough .
get off your high peaks .
this an absolutely gorgeous spa !
on one trip i ordered a pizza around noon for pickup at _num_ .
i just returned it and asked for something else .
the entire building looked old and run down .
this is my favorite restaurant in phoenix - i highly recommend it !
this was explained as a computer error .
the staff is expertly trained to be courteous , professional and efficient .
this is an older venue but its nice .
their soft shell crab special is amazing !
stick with that , and you 're golden .
he says it would upset too many people if we took it away .
i asked to just take the crap away and take it off my bill .
nobody bother to check on customers .
and then another _num_ .
great little shop with plenty of mexican influence .
i tell her that i 'm going to buy around _num_ dollars of food .
friendly , helpful and encouraging .
yum ... this place is great !
i highly recommend them on their service alone .
it 's kind of rude .
great food and atmosphere .
i 'll definitely be back .
an employee was helpful .
i got my _num_ tires from them and paid for the extended guarantee plan .
crust was perfect .
love it and will be back !
this is a small , quiet well kept rv park .
the poor boy is always good .
this is my favorite steak house in all of the land !
the patio atmosphere is one of a kind and the service was top notch .
we love it .
it has a more homestyle friendly cracker barrel type restaurant feel to it .
on tap is a pretty good selection of craft and domestic beer .
a perfect italian lunch , in scottsdale !
all were excellent !
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .
might i mention this woman is so slow .
waiting forever for a table but the place was half full .
soupy pasta sauce , very unremarkable house salad .
worth a wait on a busy night .
ordered the brisket , wife pulled pork .
no dinner for me tonight .
wo n't be going back there .
love golfing this course !
bartender was also good to talk to .
the lo mien noodles were ... awkward .
sorry , we wo n't be back to this one anymore .
the standard of dentistry is top notch .
he 's very nice and helped me decide on my sandwich .
even the acoustics were bad .
do n't waste your time !
great family treats , i love their new chocolate flavor with chocolate cream .
i called ryan on monday and tuesday and he was not available .
this is the worst place ive ever been to .
everything that we have ate from this place has been pretty good .
the server was very friendly and attentive .
so delicious .
oops , she forgot to email me .
otherwise this place is perfect .
the broccoli was very undercooked ( think chain saw ) .
great sushi experience here !
yeah ... awesome .
best bar in old town .
next day still no call back .
had a great experience !
first time experience was great !
now i just avoid the place .
dont let them cheat you !
we all tried each other 's drinks and everything was weak and watered down .
excellent service from beginning to end .
delicious .
obviously poor planning that does n't change .
great place !
they have great soups and pizza !
always love it at the plaza .
it 's too expensive for the hype that it gets .
we had hot plates but cold rice and lukewarm food .
the waitress was rude , extremely slow and not helpful at all .
i just love this place .
the office staff was professional and helpful at each visit .
love this place !
i got the large and shared with another .
they did n't think that was funny .
their food is not good .
great romantic ambiance .
worth checking out for sure .
from fun margarita glasses , elegant wine glasses , and even some shot sets .
the staff at this place is super nice and extremely accommodating .
nice little patio , awesome brisket !
we also stayed there for the weekend .
not impressed .
depending on time of year she makes the most incredible avocado ice cream .
it 's worth the wait .
the staff was very friendly and helpful .
more then half the washing machines were out of order .
do not get your tattoos done here if you know what good tattoos are .
i really like the location .
no wonder there was only like _num_ people in the entire alley .
very disappointing .
very disappointing .
i will definitely return .
i called and asked them to do so , housekeeping told me yes .
i was excited to check this place out .
i tried paying with my debit card and unfortunately it was declined .
my educated guess was that he had been drinking .
most of all , they have amazing service , friendly servers and staff .
my dad is really hard of hearing and asked her to repeat herself .
go there , eat & be merry .
all my friends loved it .
it was really good , the corn patty underneath was a great surprise .
i 've eaten here a couple times and have enjoyed the food .
love , love , love this place !
love it .
unfortunately , the burger i received was cooked to medium .
avoid at all costs .
excuse me ?
not a good place for kids .
fun place !
i pushed them away and would n't let my husband eat them .
awesome show and venue !
it would have been nice to know that .
i wish everyone loved their job as much as he does !
the finest doctor i have been to in decades .
i recommend it highly .
everyone was very nice .
great atmosphere and really laid back .
great bagels !
stale bread with stale toppings .
the food , however , had way too much salt on it .
the food is great .
i went to this car wash and they forced my automatic doors open .
oh but it get 's worse .
you can get freshly made tortillas and the best breakfast burritos in town .
good food , good music , great atmosphere !
if you 're a fan of ice cream , this place is a must !
charlie and his crew provide excellent customer and car service !
it 's not that difficult to serve ice cream and chicken fingers .
amazing pizza , quality food .
god bless her , the church and you .
great staff !
great cocktails !
this place is expensive , but worth it .
see why they cater to bus tours , probably only thing keeping them open !
service was lacking and had to wait another _num_ mins to get our drinks .
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .
what a wonderful restaurant .
would rather support them than buy a donut at safeway !
the food is always good and consistently on point .
by far the most amazing people i could ever wish for .
he 's funny too !
great food .
it 's crispy and fresh .
bringing in a new washed up dj wo n't save them .
cindy 's is pretty much amazing .
tried this local restaurant soon after moving into the neighborhood and was pleasantly surprised .
the staff is great and pays attention .
no extra caramel !
its hot , dirty , the bathroom situation is a disaster .
good for small groups and sunday morning football .
we would n't go back to this place .
scottsdale veterinary clinic is the best place to take your canine kiddos !
falafel was not very good .
- good prices .
service is quick and friendly .
he then takes me menu right off my hands .
my absolute favorite when ordering in !
my green peppercorn calamari and shrimp was amazing .
this review is long overdue .
from atmosphere to great food .
thoroughly amusing .
it 's fantastically salty , sweet and savory .
this is something special .
great location !
it 's super easy and affordable .
i wo n't be back ... mcdonalds right down the road from me !
so this would be $ _num_ for the family .
suffice to say it was disappointing .
she could have done something but no .
this place is beautiful inside and very spacious .
fish tacos out of this world and lupe 's enchiladas also superb .
the food is just as beautiful as the scenery .
love the one that use to be on mill , such memories .
it tasted horrible !
good breakfast .
really great service and relaxing atmosphere .
waiting tables and cooking .
they know how to make it all come together and your child will shine .
i wo n't be going back .
i have never been rushed out of a restaurant so quickly .
happy eating !
we 'll definitely be back for future bike needs !
courteous and professional .
the employees are very nice as well , great customer service .
the service was friendly and prompt .
very , very mediocre .
love this place !
great food , lots of variety and i love the ambience .
and almost _num_ bucks for ice tea ?
just excellent food !
overall it was a really fun experience .
i would not recommend anyone taking their pets here .
the guys who greet you are horribly obnoxious and pushy .
i am so impressed by how they do everything here !
this is an amazing place to take your pet !
it was a spectacular event !
this is a great bar .
the italian beef sandwich was pretty weak .
they 're really expensive and do n't even come with any sides .
nice menu , quality food , friendly service and a solid happy hour .
it was huge for us two and just ended up taking the rest home .
the service was quick and very friendly .
such a great place love taking the entire family here !
the refried beans were runny and the rice was n't very good .
all in all , a great place to shop .
do n't stay here .
she 's knowledgeable , patient , and actually listens to what her customers want .
so we just left it .
i am a mac user and so are a million other people .
maria went so hard even though i was telling her it hurt .
a great family dance place .
not impressed .
worst sonic i 've been to .
we really feel it 's gone down hill .
the lady at the front desk was really sarcastic and rude to me .
thanks for making my day ... .
very friendly service .
prices are good , they 're fast and very good .
my favorite local pizza place !
really hate this place first your have to fight your way through there .
she listens to what i want and does it ; simple as that .
great prices !
the other main problem is that most of the people here are older .
we spoke with the manager _num_ minutes before arriving and all was well .
my car likes this gas station .
energetic and always with a smile .
we all left extremely full and satisfied .
wonderful .
i highly recommend this vet !
seriously the nicest staff ever .
the buffalo carpaccio here is amazing .
bad business .
these guys are the best !
will come back !
we were both very happy with the food and service .
if i do n't then i get dry burned ham .
overall this was a solid experience .
would n't mind paying price if food was worth it , but not .
fantastic !
that helps a lot .
truly a 5-star venue .
she said , `` yes '' and walked away .
the service is amazing !
i would not recommend them .
she had no clue what i was trying to tell her .
showed up to pick up dress on friday morning and not done .
really cool environment to hang out with friends .
go for happy hour .
definitely recommend this place .
i have never been so happy with both my cut and color before .
told me i was wrong and we need to leave .
fun way to spend a few hours .
always the same great food and service !
no outside drinks allowed in .
the alcohol section is large which is useful for a party .
terrible service is restaurants .
highly recommend !
the bar itself is n't very appealing .
the carpets are worn , etc .
things went downhill from there .
the food was good as well .
the visit cost me $ _num_ .
a nice portion for a nice price .
fantastic mothers day brunch , nice rooms , great pool .
i will not be attending this zipps in the near future .
we tried this place based on the reviews and were very disappointed .
the steam option is nice for health conscious .
love this place for a casual lunch .
friendly environment .
had the salad with shredded beef and was really tasty .
happy hour specials , _num_ .
coffee was delicious .
: ( i wish i could give negative stars .
ordered the rib tip appetizers with hot bbq sauce .
have they contacted me about the higher price i paid for extra service ?
very reasonable price as well .
third time back here service was horrible .
visited my sister in phx last week and had a taste for wings .
simply amazing !
amazing actually .
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .
razz mentioned that he has a high percent of repeat business .
my wife had some turtle soup which was unique and tasty .
the sesame chicken was all batter .
like a sucker , i went .
wonderful store !
my friend looked at me to see what i was thinking .
the chowder was n't very tasteful it very bland .
our server was one of the worst i have ever experienced .
no taste no flavor to the meat .
great service and awesome location .
i 'm sure they will suffer the same fate .
it 's a good place to go for a day .
not a good experience tonight .
nobody has that consistency !
totally boring .
eggs were undercooked and the sauce was thin and tasteless .
a cozy , friendly place with lovely , warm service .
we ordered the _num_ egg , bacon , toast that came with fruit .
but not good enough for me to go back .
messy .
wonderful lunch at ciao !
this is my favorite restaurant in the great phoenix area .
when i walked into vision quest , i was greeted by .
the young man was very polite and did an excellent job .
service is quick and friendly always .
great german atmosphere and real good food .
and she was not friendly the entire _num_ minutes i was there .
thanks for giving me a great time for a good price !
it did n't even fill me up .
excellent pizza .
got ta try it .
we went in and the place was cute and totally empty .
always a favorite place at downtown scottsdale .
debbie and victor are great to work with they are very nice and friendly .
as for me this seems like a fun place to spend a lazy afternoon .
service is always very friendly and fast .
i am shocked that she did not get in the car and leave .
love venezia 's , especially this location .
i 'm a fan .
it could 've been great , but it was nowhere near good .
first time trying this place , never again will i give then my business .
no hand washing or food service gloves .
my experience here was so disappointing .
needless to say we wo n't be back !
jeff did a great job on our rugs and carpets .
the best bar in town .
the plus side is that i was offered new wings free of charge .
i love bandera .
this place is awesome .
no sides ?
nice restaurant .
said it would be another _num_ min .
no more !
this is our new favorite italian place !
my lemonade was not refilled the entire time .
supporting live comedy is what we do !
she was n't managing anything .
beautiful pool and workout facilities .
he 's really helped me and my business out by doing so .
amazing food and pastries .
the food was absolutely wonderful .
i had the best pork belly here ever !
staff is pretty nice , as they greeted me from the kitchen .
soup is good too .
i had no choice but to bump this down to _num_ stars .
will be visiting frequently because it 's just amazing in here .
the bathrooms have seen some updating but not to the standards seen at sanctuary .
for me , the pho was nasty .
the staff is very friendly and helpful and the store in always clean .
again , gross .
we had the # _num_ persian platter and it was great .
fairly busy , sunday morning after church .
mediocre .
they lost my clothes after i confirmed they had them .
i will never be back .
then i made the mistake of drinking the latte .
it was extremely rude and awkward .
i hate writing bad reviews , but this place missed the mark several times .
i enjoyed my lunch here very much .
love this place !
staff was friendly , enjoyable to be there .
great staff great prices as always , thanks !
i 'll be back and will recommend them to all my friends .
drinks were sub par at best .
i asked for over easy this is not hard to do !
the dermatologist gave a wrong diagnosis for my other dog .
happy hour is good , always get cheaper rolls .
small place with _num_ small tables in a strip mall location .
i love greg .
great selection , great service , great experience .
i never received such a horrible pedicure in my life .
our waiter was nice and attentive .
my lunch overall , was just so-so .
delicious !
love this place !
he may know his stuff , but customer service sucks .
also , the individual pricing convention is lame .
i will not come back again .
i would n't go again .
they did an excellent job !
there was a $ _num_ delivery fee !
wo n't go back there anytime soon .
was ill for a few hours .
great place with great wine .
i wish i could give them negative stars .
anyway , the sushi is very good and the price is reasonable .
the food was so amazing too , the specials are always delicious as well .
after all , i do love the rewards !
the food is always amazing and hot .
equipment looks outdated as well .
i would highly recommend checking it out .
great service , and good prices .
my first time using dodge electric and more than good experience .
breakfast burritos are amazing as well .
i will never waste my money going back there .
bosa is most definitely the best !
wonderful place !
perfect for hot summer days !
would recommend to anyone .
it is unfortunate because the food is great .
do n't waste your time and money .
a wonderful neighborhood sushi joint .
it very slowly went down .
they act like they 're doing you a favor by renting to you .
i love coming here .
service was also pretty awesome .
no grease - just good flavor !
still great .
the only plus was that they were not strips .
the crew is fun , helpful and great company .
this was fantastic .
utterly fantastic !
the beer prices are good , and i reasonable .
tasty , but hot .
i did n't view that this visit .
food was fresh and amazing and they had very personable service .
$ _num_ later and i 'm still craving pho .
at least one of them was trying to help a customer .
good food .
i would highly recommend them , they are honest , fast .
it seems like a hit or miss kinda restaurant .
best new york style in scottsdale and always my goto place for the price .
man , this pizza was spot on ny style .
it 's got a good chorizo breakfast burrito .
however they are incompetent and not straight forward .
had some really great times here .
i could n't finish it .
it truly is a great friendly experience and the food does n't disappoint !
soooo nice of them !
also , they lied about 24/7 security .
i heard good things about this place , but was terribly disappointed .
my wife ordered the chile relleno , all beans , no rice .
this restaurant has and always will be my favorite .
sweet and sour was delicious and he brought me a sprite for free .
low and behold our card was charged by bosa .
regret coming here everytime .
my style .
buy more blueberries or make less .
you get one parking per apartment and thats like _num_ spots from your apt .
i ca n't express how much i hate the marquee !
not sure where they are heading but it 's not good .
the service is great and again , consistent .
the menu is small , but terrific .
amazing bacon and brie omelet ... the bacon is still on my mind !
thank you !
gross !
they are prompt , kind , caring , and courteous .
and no one gave me a number to make an appointment or anything .
if you are one that enjoys farmers markets , you will love this place !
the price was very reasonable .
do n't like it , too bad .
first and foremost ; the service sucked .
i think the food was reasonably priced and the service size very generous .
defiantly recommend .
she has since been replaced with another receptionist .
i thought they had really turned things around for a while there .
it was incredible .
i am sorry for the harsh review but it was really that bad .
i 've tried to dine at this place on _num_ separate occasions .
great deals and you never know what you might find .
i have had breakfast and also have had dinner and it was just awful .
i am on the vip member list and sometimes get offered free tickets .
after the staff member left , i went to the counter .
she is much better now .
i 'm sure they heard me tonight .
absolutely recommended .
whatever you do do not do business with this establishment !
i found it greasy and bland .
i returned it and ordered the chicken pasta .
seriously , woohoo !
overpriced food and not that tasty .
my answer is not my problem .
thanks so much !
lame .
great group of guys that do awesome work .
not a conversation i would have with customers around .
spa treatment was outstanding .
this place was nasty dirty ; machines filthy .
cool treasure , kind of hidden in downtown chandler .
the lo mein was the same way and my wife could n't eat it .
therefore , instead of two , there were three at the table .
could not give less than one star .
love all the tv 's .
greatest gyros in town !
ridiculous !
i had a great experience here , i hope you do too !
had an excellent experience .
house of trash .
paradise valley florist is very professional , punctual on time , and reasonably priced .
it was a very interesting trip , enjoyable cruise .
i highly recommend their fish tacos !
a few great pieces and very reasonable prices .
phil was great !
huge portion sizes .
the scenery was nice .
it would have taken under a minute to send this to him .
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
i had happy hour with friends here last night .
what a shame , i like to stay with small local businesses when possible .
i will definitely return !
kona grill at fashion square is my favorite location .
i 'm not sure it contained any tequila .
$ _num_ for a burrito the size of a mini taco .
very professional , thorough and ethical .
sitting here now , and getting a pedicure with my sister and my mom .
everything is fresh and they make it quick .
waited _num_ more day then called the store .
( never mind the mediocre food ... . )
crossed off the list for good .
and she was even pointing her nasty old finger at me !
most places typically charge $ _num_ with a one week turnaround .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .
this place is crazy good .
god can use anyone , anywhere for his glory .
if you order call vodka they add $ _num_ to your bill .
service was slow , and the server had a slight attitude the entire night .
the owners are always so sweet to our family .
wow !
both are really good .
real midwest style service and quality !
always a great experience !
i wish i could give them _num_ stars .
just terrible is all i can say .
we have found our favorite place to dine .
it all taste like chicken and gravy .
the place is very homey and cute .
starting july 1st alcohol will not be allowed in the pool area .
i 've also never left a poor tip either , until now .
now they have lost a customer to save themselves $ _num_ .
o wow !
good music and cold beer .
best filet and steak salad .
chips and salsa not complimentary .
words can not even begin to describe how truly amazingly delicious the food is .
went in for lunch with a friend , had great service and great food .
terrible ... .
ate there for the first time sunday and we loved it .
awesome service from chris in the service department .
great sandwiches , tasty , fresh & fun !
the food is n't that good to go through all of this hassle .
great choice !
but if it was , it was watered down with sour cream .
the customer service was the best i 've seen in a long time .
the food is ok but not anything to get excited about .
this is a must for all local in the phoenix area .
everything was bland and fries were undercooked .
the sound quality was poor even though they supposedly upgraded the system .
allen took great care of me when i had a dead battery !
first time ever to pane e vino and it exceeded all our expectations !
super pleasant staff and a cute atmosphere made this place a winner .
he 's rude and ca n't cut hair well at all .
the owner greeted us immediately & was super friendly .
the couple that owns it is super nice .
they also have really good prices on boxes of citrus .
all of the food is made from scratch and absolutely delicious .
our server has absolutely been the best server we 've ever had !
juan way to drop the ball and refuse my calls for an explanation .
very disappointing .
great service great food.
since this place is right by place i go here often .
a solid restaurant in scottsdale .
it 's full of sports memorabilia , nearly covering every wall and ceiling .
love this place and we will be back .
overall a nice hotel with a great location and very responsive staff .
probably the best pizza place in town .
they pushed away a customer .
really not impressed really not happy with the lack of customer service .
cheese board looked fantastic .
what a treasure we happened to find !
p.s .
the quality of food is not the issue .
this is a real treat !
great executive course right in the heart of scottsdale .
the bread always comes out nice and hot .
the food is always good .
grandma is rude .
great prices .
they make some amazing food !
so is the hummus plate both very filling & yummy !
this place never changes , which is good .
the food is legit and the wine is good .
tina there is so awesome !
if i have another bad experience here i will not be coming back .
i was referred to this office by a friend and will always be thankful !
the price is reasonable .
the setting is beautiful and the course is a challenge , i recommend it .
everytime its a huge disappointment and waist of money .
$ _num_ plus a plate and we wrap our own leftovers ?
love the pizza .
just got a new water heater .
personally , i do n't think that should matter .
its ironic that the most convenient gym in phoenix is the worst .
so rude .
our server must have been having a bad day or something .
round _num_ - restaurant week again !
the guacamole was bad .
waited _num_ mins .
just got off the phone with these people - john the owner .
the people making the sandwiches were inept .
the mix of people is really odd and kinda creepy .
will not be coming back to this location .
if you visit , have a drink , late night bar hop and enjoy .
my favorite italian in phoenix/scottsdale area .
he is a kind doctor but the procedure went horribly wrong .
great food and the hottest hostesses in all of scottsdale .
this place is amazing !
it was quiet and peaceful .
the food is delicious .
the girl next to me was sure enjoying hers .
they have _num_ star .
it can get pretty packed at night .
just awful .
they are made fresh every weekend .
in these times it is not a good idea to treat customers this way .
like seriously , $ _num_ for fettuccine alfredo ?
who does that anymore !
it 's a shame , i wo n't be back .
the owner is very friendly and personable .
overall experience was good and the food is always worth the wait .
it was not .
thank you guys !
this range is awesome .
what a horrible experience !
great food ! ''
good food all the time .
we ended up staying , only because the kids were hungry .
china wok is getting _num_ star simply because of extremely poor service .
she is also so sweet and nice to be around .
we will definitely be back .
table near us complained numerous times over less than desirable service .
but i did n't even get a smile , or even eye contact .
had the best haircut i 've ever had .
this place is ridiculously good .
overall really good meal and i 'll most likely be back sometime relatively soon .
highly recommend based on that experience .
not appetizing at all , pushed it all to the side .
very prompt , detailed and comforting .
wow i really wish i could give this place _num_ stars .
the service was terrible , and it was n't that busy .
my fianc surprised me with a date night here .
as usual a comfortable atmosphere , good service & always a good time !
they were both delicious !
portions are good and the price is right .
we all found them to be extremely dry and not terribly delicious .
they are always really quick and super nice !
the food was ok , nothing special .
the owners are very friendly .
absolute garbage we went to grab a quick dinner the other night .
have gone there about _num_ times over the last years .
clean , great service and family atmosphere .
not only is the food horrible , it 's dirty and service sucks .
both were good , the bbq sauce is awesome !
the staff , including the delivery team is incredibly friendly and always smiling .
they cancel and leave .
1st time going there & i loved it !
i would not recommend this dr. or this facility !
the pizza is pricier than many places but worth every penny .
the services they provide are pathetic .
it 's not too big of a deal .
i asked so is it americanized mexican food ?
i love china wok !
very well made and the burrito holds until the last bite .
the chips are usually a bit stale .
the kee roll is my favorite roll but they are all amazing !
thanks to the staff !
i highly recommend seeing her for your next hair need .
there were several slices that were not worth eating !
when questioned , the employee was incredible rude to us .
fantastic !
bottom line go somewhere else , it 's not worth it .
there was no cheese , lettuce or anything else on the tacos .
i shall return !
i have never in my life seen a sushi restaurant charge for wasabi .
i felt sick after i ate there and i am definitely not going back .
_num_ stars was only given for food .
food was not that good .
will definitely come back if we 're in town again .
feel like i wasted my time and money .
i quickly got up and located my waiter notified him of what had happened .
not the greatest cocktails but they were tasty .
i like the happy hour specials , especially on a sunday .
super friendly and knows a thing or two about customer service .
consistent in the their taste and freshness .
highly recommended tho .
come here regularly but tonight was the worst .
should have shown earlier b .
but i am done .
great prices .
it 's been very comforting to have my animals in their care .
nothing covered under warranty ... $ _num_ .
sauce was horrible and the steak did n't have a great flavor !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .
i love this restaurant !
_num_ slices and tap water for $ _num_ w tax .
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
fresh vegetables , crisp crust and well-seasoned sauce .
fucking stupid .
pizza hut is paying him to do absolutely nothing !
hookah is really fun too !
the food is mediocre and the atmosphere quite blah .
it 's a very fun space with a lot of talent .
it was also very loud .
we love our carpets .
service is usually good .
i would recommend this place to anyone .
not even diet pepsi .
amazing .
julie was our personal attendant and she was great .
it is pricey for the place and the service was not that great .
_num_ words ... .
the kicker is not only is it overpriced , it 's not even good .
we enjoyed very much !
jennifer was absolutely amazing !
best breakfast i ever had !
great lunch specials and awesome staff .
never had those problems elsewhere .
perfect atmosphere , great patio , impeccable service , and wonderful food .
seriously a limit of three ?
i will definitely not be going back .
great baseball memorabilia throughout the restaurant and bar , very impressive .
they also have a wide selection of exotic beer for sale .
the staff is rude .
the food was overpriced for the quality and terrible .
food is always hot .
the food , atmosphere and service are all top notch .
if you have any allergies to anything , do n't go here .
one of the best burrito places in the valley .
this is a great experience !
staff was very attentive and helpful .
do n't come here for the food .
i loved this place .
place needs some tlc .
the waitress who has been there _num_ years got a $ _num_ tip .
oh , the salad bar is pretty good too .
she got me in for the appointment the same day !
emergency and needed to get my tenant a working toilet .
i primarily come here to study away from family so i can focus .
i left the place unsatisfied and kinda hungry .
the salmon was fantastic .
i liked knowledgeable staff and selection .
she was just letting this poor girl handle all the orders and food herself .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
still no chips and salsa .
service was good , loved the environment and setting .
i love the location and staff !
the reviews i read did not describe the food i ate .
great selection at very reasonable prices .
yeah ... except for the $ _num_ worth of bull on the sticker price .
great selection and rental program is great .
visited here on a weekend trip to spring training .
very small but cute amusement park for the little ones .
he also said he did n't see it as being a problem .
the appliances are sub-par .
i recommend the jalapeo chips .
the sushi here kicks ass !
glad i walked out empty handed .
highly recommended .
literally _num_ min .
completely forgettable mexican food .
drive over to new mexico to get proper chile verde .
i got really pissed of him .
they are awesome !
hands down best place ever !
this is really as good as it gets - consistently great quality .
amazing .
will not go back .
happy owner .
there was plenty of room and no line .
this was a perfect way to end our walk through downtown old scottsdale .
the staff was friendly and the food was tasty .
i came back for another appointment and it went quite well .
apparently they were understaffed , as if that was an acceptable excuse .
i had booked the room online months before for several hundred dollars .
great treats !
as fresh as it gets , straight from the deli .
although my plate was full , my boyfriends portion of fish was small .
ordered a pizza last night from these clowns .
there is n't a single reason to settle for horrible service .
happy dining !
best dry cleaners in scottsdale .
great selection and a very knowledgeable staff .
this is our local bagel supply house .
for the quality of the food , it 's way over priced .
my custard bun was pretty lackluster .
the british open is our neighborhood bar .
which is $ _num_ each .
seriously - she was awful .
it 's dirty and filthy .
if you like spicy food i 'd highly recommend trying the # _num_ .
i am definitely a fan .
on top of good food , the atmosphere is cool too .
she was not very attentive .
the sauce is perfect and its just the right amount of cheese as well !
any time of the day or day of the week , great service .
the fries were n't great either .
the green chile pork , incredible .
the service is great and our server helped guide us with our choices .
it 's a great concoction you will love to kick things up .
their customer service is amazing .
it sucks , big time .
everyone is knowledgeable and super pleasant .
pretty fun spot .
then it took forever to get my check .
we waited _num_ hours for them to fix one flat !
quaint and quiet atmosphere .
it is always hot and fresh .
decent food , wait staff is friendly .
the salmon was fresh but bland .
its well worth the drive across the valley for us .
this place is fantastic , they have the best burger anywhere !
the next morning i went to the gym .
so good !
she takes the time to style it how i want it done .
steer clear of this late night disaster .
thanks amy !
they had n't even made it yet !
the bakery pastries are great .
this is our first time with amazing carpet and i could n't be happier .
these guys are great !
we had already consumed two margaritas each , and did n't want another one .
no service !
i 've been wanting to try this place out for well over a year .
nothing but issues and my door is n't even installed yet !
i would not trust this company ever again .
a good trust worthy spot for a home cooked breakfast .
lol it 's so good tho !
the meat dept always has good prices .
i had such a terrible night after that happened .
kenny the owner is always there and very sweet .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .
probably could 've gotten a free meal out of it , but oh well .
while the service was just okay , the food was just terrible .
the lunch portions are huge and the food is delicious .
great food and service .
_num_ stars across the boards .
if you did n't we will accept you anyways .
do n't do business here if you 're a woman .
so delicious !
very pleasant experience .
strike _num_ .
that was not good .
i guarantee that you 'll love anything thats on the menu .
very sad .
i love this place .
definitely something that sets them apart from the rest .
always good .
my husband and i came here for lunch and had a very nice experience .
slow service .
sadly disappointing .
maybe it 's not as bad as i thought . ''
this place was just ok.
real laid back and chill .
good friendly service and a truly arizona vibe .
the food was great and our server kelly was simply the best .
we had table of _num_ total and it was perfect and reasonably priced too .
frank and lupe 's is classic old town .
the bouncers were really cool to us .
2nd time i went to grazie and both times it was excellent .
the fresh basil , butter and onion they serve with their pita is delicious .
my favorite thing to order at the village tavern is the cowboy burger .
the happy hour here is awesome .
so just on customer service alone i 'm a fan of this place !
it 's terrible .
except for the artificial nacho cheese sauce perhaps .
i do n't know what it is .
great drinks and great service too !
the venue is absolutely beautiful , the service and food were phenomenal .
always .
i wish i had better things to say but i 'm just really disappointed .
but fantastic .
it is an experience to just hang around the property .
very good steak .
lady runs a 3rd party dmv with her dog which is extremely aggressive !
great atmospher for scottsdale totally chill , no heels needed !
`` you 're better than that . ''
i love her suggestions and recommendations .
trendy clothes with an attentive and friendly staff !
great buns .
yeah , i am a fan of kmart !
about _num_ % of the time , my directions were n't followed .
beautiful venue for your wedding and party needs .
they are quick and do a very good job !
disgusting .
the service part person was rude and had a bad attitude .
great service and great food !
regret not having read yelp reviews prior to going .
do not give them your money .
maybe they were in too big of a hurry because it was very busy .
excellent service , hostess extremely organized , great value and a great menu .
my wife and i were both satisfied with our meals .
an open mind and no outside food .
i am also the proud owner of a piano too !
never shows up and no one calls .
really great pancakes , burgers , salads and hash !
ruined my carpet .
this is one of our favorite date night destinations .
, i repeat ... do not move in here !
there was not wait whatsoever and the place was packed on a saturday morning .
very easy to work with .
delicious treats and a very friendly staff .
this drive-thru liquor store has got it right .
- they added chicken sliders .
i returned home and a couple of hours later decided to check the repairs .
maybe i 'm easily pleased , but i love this store .
i barely left the house that month .
service was great too .
friendly , helpful , knowledgeable , efficient .
he called me ugly and said that i am wearing black like his asshole .
i 'm a huge fan of blue adobe , and have been for years .
great meats , bacon , and sausages .
my nail tech was _num_ minutes late .
the administration on the other hand , they just want your money .
i have referred family and friends and will keep coming back !
however , usually , the pad thai is good .
i give these baristas _num_ stars - they definitely do their best .
john , the owner , is incredibly friendly , straight forward and honest .
service was terrific for me .
this place is decorated very nicely .
it was not what i expected .
the beer in the plastic cups was cold .
delicious chicken parm ... we mostly get it for take out .
outstanding .
i understand the cheap labor that is available in arizona but , come on .
everything was a salt bomb .
i 'm so happy i found this place , my favorite thai restaurant ever .
great atmosphere .
i really love their bagels !
very honest and almost half the price of the other guys !
the toiletries they supply are of poor quality .
it was not happy and we left in well under an hour .
k so there 's that u know which was not really cool .
my clothing is always beautifully cleaned and pressed and their prices are quite reasonable .
it is made fresh every day and ca n't beat it !
the new pie was better but somewhat watery .
the office manager is incredibly rude .
poor way to run a restaurant business .
i will use this service again in a heartbeat for repairs that matter .
cant wait for lease to end .
but with a group , you can have a lot of friends here .
had an awesome stay !
one of the best gourmet store shopping experiences i have ever had .
both our dinners were bad .
she is the best hygienists i have ever worked with .
she puts you at complete ease and does a fabulous job .
this place was super cool !
everything was expertly cooked and i really enjoyed my lemonade .
gorgeous salon and kathy rocks !
great healthy alternative at a great mexican place !
they are always so nice and never try and talk you into extras .
she was completely rude .
very good restaurant .
can you make sure i get the tab ?
service is always friendly and well paced .
also they have lot 's of good drinks like diet .
it took us nearly _num_ hours and we had a lot of fun .
my stomach was hurting the next few hours because of their food .
best italian deli around scottsdale .
if you 're looking for a good karaoke bar , i recommend looking elsewhere .
my husband left after 1pm with a very ugly wedding cake .
this park was very clean , staff friendly and accommodating .
despite the decor , the food was amazing .
i wandered around for _num_ minutes trying to find a pair of gaming glasses .
they are amazing .
will definitely go back again !
her coloring and cutting is always exactly what i want .
love this spa !
we had high hopes but was very disappointed .
never in my life have i ever been treated so poorly at a restaurant .
first attempt at asian cuisine in phoenix and i thought it was delicious !
do n't waste your money going to the marquee .
all at a really great price i might add .
awesome ingredients , cooked to perfection .
the biggest thing that i hate about the hotel is the valet service .
dont think i will rent from this location again .
i took papa to that appointment and was present in the exam room .
excellent customer service and very customer orientated !
too bad , was a great place until the beginning of june .
prices are reasonable and the parking is plentiful .
they are clean , courteous and professional .
as bad as this is for you the thing taste absolutely amazing !
we found our new sunday night spot !
the food is amazing !
perfect getaway with your spouse .
so trust me on this one .
horrible !
he is honest and trustworthy .
ordered a chai tea latte at barista bar which was very good .
i recommend !
pulled pork is delicious .
worse place and food ever .
the food is bursting with flavor and always great with presentation .
the server was very nice and patient with the kids too .
the service is atrocious .
love it .
not impressed .
had a great experience with these guys !
it was excellent !
you are about to find your new chinese food spot ... and bonus !
their orange chicken and honey garlic chicken are a family favorite .
you 'll see this place on the east side of the road .
i 'm not into sushi .
highly recommend this spa .
one gripe i have is that the tables were sticky .
my server did n't really seem to care about my experience either .
overall food was amazing , price was worth every penny .
very disappointed in this restaurant .
went here friday night for date night .
fish tacos are just amazing !
will probably never buy tires from discount tire again .
do not go to cheba hut !
a nice find in old town .
the service is a bit slow , but the wait is worth it .
pretty huge recommendation for a guy who played in the south .
great buffet and all you can drink champagne for $ _num_ .
highly recommend this place .
bathrooms a mess - water all over the floor and trash overflowing .
i wo n't be making another appt here .
great persian cousin , high end and classy .
my date 's burrito was about $ _num_ .
they use white flour in the rice to keep in from sticking .
best meal we 've had since we arrived here in scottsdale !
went for lunch at _num_ pm on a thursday .
i had to park down _num_ blocks .
that 's all i really know from my end of the table .
excellent selection and will definitely keep this place in mind for another special occasion .
the food and service was excellent , well deserved _num_ star rating .
love it and wish i had come here a long time ago .
they still did n't care .
excellent service on a friday night .
amazing .
will never do business with discount tire again .
it has a little kick to it but it 's extremely tasty .
thanks again !
not too spicy , but just right .
for me , bikram is the only thing that has helped with the pain .
i 'm not sure i can tell the difference .
the best , best , best place ever !
blech .
very happy with our experience .
we had a pitcher of shock top and a round of shots .
we 've been going here for years and they always take care of us .
the new owner has an attitude problem .
the staff is friendly and the food is always fresh and tasty as hell .
if ever i need anything done i 'll be sure to return !
the staff was courteous and the food was fantastic .
always great .
thank you !
the only cool thing about he place is the patio overlooking mill ave .
great tacos , had both types .
i plan on getting my legs done next and will definitely do so here .
salty , nasty , yuck .
where 's the keg i 'm used to ?
you come back and now that line is worse .
they put in new laundry units and half of them did not work .
the food made me sick .
definitely a go to place .
amazing they remember customers and take care of your concerns !
yeah guys , this is definitely a breakfast spot .
they are always consistent in their food quality .
i highly recommend this place for lunch under _num_ ... bathroom was clean too .
when we were finally helped i felt like i was wasting her time .
great atmosphere and pleasant service .
love this place !
it 's a good place for a mimosa and eggs .
great service from great people !
perfectly seasoned !
the best veterinarian and staff !
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .
wedge had wilted lettuce , tasteless tomato and the blue cheese had zero flavor .
i ate one bite and could not eat any more .
the men did not apply soap properly and did not dry properly .
i give the information to jeff and he took it but did nothing .
it has always had an eclectic mix of items .
service is always quality and the food is even better .
the customer service and appreciation for our business is always evident .
and do n't order a cappuccino because it 's definitely asking for too much .
this is a boutique program serving an elite group of families with young children .
great prices !
do not go here if your pet has any issue - especially after hours .
this place rocks !
the owner judy is so sweet too , great service !
great service .
the children 's section in quite large and the staff is always helpful .
great all around .
it 's definitely an institution !
i have never been treated more rudely .
nice people , great service , great food , strong drinks ... .
do n't pay for it .
when going here for lunch my food was sub-par .
nice intimate atmosphere .
new menu , which is ugly by the way .
the waitresses look like old ladies barely able to get around .
the food was delicious , as we received many compliments from our guests .
the noodles , fish , soups are excellent .
i have not even seen the facilities !
we will absolutely be back again soon !
well worth a return visit .
- the sushi is too small .
great service and the food was amazing .
great place to have pizza , really good .
but the last time i was in and received the worst customer service .
it makes me feel like a real american .
went to use the restroom , there was no working light in the restroom .
and this was extremely disappointing .
enterprise made it super easy .
phil and his team of tailors are by far the best in town .
the chopped salad and scallops with beet risotto was the best !
the food was delicious and unpretentious , and we will be back soon .
it 's top-notch as far as dives go .
their crust is one of the best , not soggy at all .
even the edamame was so so and that is hard to screw up .
drinks are well-made and well-priced .
awesome experience .
i do n't really get the crowd here .
the service was very slow and the waitress was not attentive .
ca n't this conversation wait until you are off work ?
this experience is getting worse and worse .
horrible brewery .
it was the most disgusting place we have been too .
sushi was ok , nothing special .
i know when i am being scammed , so i declined .
service was ok , friendly but nothing special .
the chips were stale as well .
they were ok ... not bad ; nothing to write home about .
have had nothing but maintenance and pest problems .
the rooms were great and tidy .
i purchased a groupon for a mani pedi and basically just got a mani .
salad was wonderful with the house jalapeno ranch dressing .
can be a little pricey but worth it for the high quality .
great experience overall !
this place has it together ; service and food .
amanda in the restuarant was very sweet and quick on the refills .
good to know that small businesses that are ethical still exist .
the entire personal are friendly and courteous .
the food was below average and the prices high .
this place was fun for my kids .
perhaps had i ordered a different entree i would have had a better experience .
great prices .
i would recommend this place to friends and family .
all the real people i know seem to agree : it 's shit .
he also gives advice on how to exercise safely .
he says my coolant is low .
the sangria is phenomenal -- fruity and strong .
they are warm , friendly , welcoming , and caring .
then you can enjoy walking around the canal .
_num_ requests later they were finally sent .
i will not be back to this location .
i am so happy i did !
the best persian food in arizona .
a great place to chill from the summer heat !
he is honest , well priced , and a great guy to work with .
rice was a little dry , beans okay .
great quality .
what a great experience !
i will not be going back to this dentist , ever !
the food ( many different selections ) was prepared very good well for everyone .
not really conveniently located but well worth the drive .
she is always willing to go above and beyond and is so sincerely accommodating .
if i could give them zero stars i would !
but she has not done a thing .
the place rocks .
we are very happy .
the service , however , is horrible .
gross wings do not order !
not a huge fan at all .
great food , especially the burgers .
unfortunately it wo n't be on my list for a return it .
i always bring out of town family members and they love it !
great tasting food .
all in all a great place for your next chinese meal !
mesa arts center is a treasure .
i really loved this place !
sandwiches , salads and soups .
needless to day i will be back again and again .
i only managed to force down half of it .
nothing special .
it 's absolute art .
you would have thought i was his long lost enemy .
but yet they made me throw out my gum at the door .
but as we were being seated , we noticed the restaurant was almost empty .
the store is well set up .
the atmosphere is fun and family oriented .
i recommended this place to my friends !
great adjustment and massage .
the snack menu offers good variety and quality food .
the staff loves the animals , that 's a given .
its a dive bar for sure , but very comfortable and safe .
it was amazing .
cost , with gratuity was $ _num_ each .
and the sweet potato fries are lightly breaded , just right .
needless to say , i am exploring other options for my caffeine fix ... .
it is a shame that i 'm leaving after nine years of loyal support .
drove _num_ miles round trip .
what a great surprise !
now me my husband and my son who is _num_ months are homeless .
im in az all the time and now have my new spot .
hands down one of the best burritos i 've ever had .
plus , no side veggies , no bread , nothing .
lovely ambience and a menu that can not be beat .
highly recommend .
we had a great meal .
well , that is a sorry excuse .
internet is abysmal and spotty .
very clean , very friendly and very inexpensive !
would give it zero .
great bed .
it was definitely not thin crust , but it tasted pretty good .
my friends , something truly exceptional happened at this dd .
both entrees looked really tasty and they both were happy with their choices .
wait staff is always pleasant and professional .
servers were super fast with refills .
however , no one notified us .
they have great chips and salsa and nachos too .
place was also very clean .
they go an extra mile for customers of all ages .
wow !
i sincerely appreciate great customer service and that is exactly what we received tonight .
the service was mediocre .
are you kidding me ?
amazing food ... good service ... unique menu .
so disappointed .
he was patient with me , informative and helpful .
the atmosphere is comfortable and upscale .
food was n't great , either ( we barely touched half of it ) .
the crew was knowledgeable and entertaining .
he approached me and said you looking for someone .
buyer beware .
service was pretty good and wait times were accurate .
i got the chorizo and bean dip !
these guys are great !
very expensive place , do n't waste your money there .
free refills on coffee and attentive service with great prices !
disappointing evening at grazie .
i love them , they are great , caring and very knowledgeable .
very good pizza -- exceptional crust .
i love their teriyaki rice bowls .
i should n't have a better selection at home .
i love tiffany .
the taco meet had amazing flavor .
the street tacos are really good as well .
service was good but the food was extremely lacking .
i tried to make it easy by paying sticker price .
and could n't make the _num_ mile round trip to go back .
we thoroughly enjoyed our lunch and stayed for almost and hour .
the eggplant parm is very tasty .
huge mistake !
best bike shop i 've been to in phoenix !
i highly recommend this bar and grill !
the food was not much better .
two scorpions during our stay ( the little bark ones , yikes ! )
inexpensive and delicious , what more can you ask for .
the band was great and encouraged everyone to dance and have a good time !
unfortunately my take - out order really did n't hit the mark .
best breakfast in scottsdale !
phil is an awesome tailor .
soggy bread on all the sandwiches .
it 's very clean , friendly staff , and consistently awesome thin crust pizza .
worst part ?
these guys are good !
wo n't go again .
highly recommend for anyone !
i recommend this complex to my friends .
wow !
always fast service .
our server came across rude and uninterested .
the scottsdale plaza sucks !
panang curry - the flavor was ok but it was too watery .
but they are close and deliver !
there are more reputable car washes close .
however , still very good !
i found the general manager , jeff , to be very professional .
wonderful experience !
i really needed this massage and felt absolutely wonderful when i left !
very chill vibe , get your drink on and get on with your night .
the pharmacy lost my moms time sensitive prescription after it had been processed .
the good reviews are long gone .
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .
really good food , apparently this is a long time we 'll known place .
the shaved ice here is amazing .
dryers do n't dry half the time .
she is incredible .
i ended up staying in the whole time .
this is the worst place to live .
very helpful and very knowledgable .
nice car .
so here 's your survey : your ed has gone downhill .
my pedicure looks awesome !
they seem to be really inconsistent .
here we are today -- _num_ days later and still a broken pool system .
i will definitely be back !
i wo n't be going back .
and another thing ... ... slow slow slow service .
and the service was excellent , too .
very crisp crust and plenty of toppings on top .
and $ _num_ for chips and guacamole ?
very bad customer service .
cant beat the price .
great personality , great skill as a barber !
definitely will be back .
even the personal size is plenty big for a great price !
the servers are capable and friendly .
stayed last year and it was great so reserved for this year too !
simple , classic and always perfect .
a great place to meet up with friends and chill .
bless his heart , he is an absolute gem !
i gave two stars because the service was horrible .
best tzatziki sauce around !
i had never been here before and had heard wonderful things about it !
it was my first time here and i loved this restaurant .
that 's why i have them _num_ stars .
this dish is fantastic .
the perfect place to go after a night of drinking !
great service got there when they opened and hardly anyone was there .
it was more like a ground beef nugget burger .
well i was unable to do that since i was leaving for vacation .
fortunately that has not happened yet .
no matter what the cause is , i will not return .
still one of the better places in town .
you will feel welcome and you will leave satisfied .
best dive bar in old town !
spinach chicken is also delicious .
what was presented was not at all what i was expecting or used to .
everything tastes fresh and flavorful .
the views are unbeatable and perfect setting tucked into paradise valley .
sadly , i 'm in no rush to go back .
this is the best paint you can buy for your house .
this place was disgusting and should be shut down for so many reasons .
way back when , we looked into destination weddings with a aaa az branch .
the guys who work there are always very nice and helpful .
robert was the best salesperson i have dealt with .
service is garbage .
no one said hello or greeted us in any way .
the place is decorated like a claim jumper .
i did not move forward with scheduling the installation .
the lady was very nice on the phone and they got my order exactly .
i also had an iced americano that was really good .
there were _num_ mushrooms when my order arrived .
another pleased customer !
not a great subway .
i tried _num_ different beer styles here and all of them were very subpar .
thank you !
the skin care shop is extremely reasonably priced and has great selection .
but i even said sorry for getting in her way .
kona is great for happy hour !
i pulled out $ _num_ , and handed the driver $ _num_ .
my husband had the cowboy burger and it was huge and delicious .
tempura shrimp , huge !
the rest of the food was very mediocre and room temperature .
nope they just send everything back .
third problem , horrible parking !
the guy brian is so rude .
its fun , but in a dirty kind of way .
ugh , annoying .
there are some tvs to watch the game as well .
all in all , very good pizza .
thanks but no thanks .
honest good people !
however , this place was especially good .
by sitting with other parties at the same table we met new people .
but from speaking with them on the phone they were very friendly and helpful !
love it .
my favorite mexican restaurant .
i 'll be picking up that cake for thanksgiving .
nice clean facility and easy yo get an appointment .
cc always has it 's own twist on offerings .
the manager apologized and said she would take my meal off of our ticket .
rude customer service !
breakfast buffets do not require much in the way of table service .
quite possibly the best in the valley !
would recommend to anyone wanting an ice cream treat in old town !
this is a great oriental food market .
the food was quick tasty and correct .
excellent service at a fair price .
i wish they had better management , because the food itself is decent .
the pizza is great .
he was full of it and could really care less .
so glad we found this place !
also the fries are soo good !
she could n't have cared less .
i am experiencing horrible maintenance and front desk management support .
this place gives scottsdale a bad name for quality restaurants .
so that makes it comes down to the customer service .
this is the best animal hospital that we have ever been .
thrilled !
until then , i 'm never coming back again .
not even a message on the voicemail that said they were n't open ... .
girlfriend wanted mexican food and not just a regular run to taco bell .
is theater etiquette a thing of the past ?
we probably will not go back .
what an amazing massage !
it tasted like dirt .
super good and worth every penny .
the office is clean , and the staff is amazing .
thanks guys !
my wife and i ate there last night .
fast service , reasonably priced , very clean and great atmosphere .
not a good sign .
i 'm not sure i would have felt that way ... upstairs .
so there you have it , even the beer was disappointing !
enjoyed a very nice evening there with a special lady .
he literally got annoyed when i asked him a question .
best sushi i 've had on the west coast .
the food was very tasty .
okay so im a tourist !
this place is just great .
i would n't go back there again .
very good italian food with generous portions .
nice setting with such a family atmosphere .
this was a fun and delicious dinner to celebrate a birthday .
not inviting at all .
i wish we did n't eat here .
she is a college student , and this was a shock for her .
love this place , short wait on a sunday .
they were bone in ( really ?
never buy lv !
the calamari was boring and plain and just disappointing .
the food here is fantastic !
ok , i am a big breakfast fan , trust me .
happy hour rocks - the food and drink menu 's get better and better .
he says no , your reserved seating is inside here .
best thing to do with your peeps !
each time , my miso soup was barely warm , and not very flavorful .
bread was burned and sauce tasted like cold tomato soup !
this place is a mess .
absolutely delicious and the waitress was a sweetheart .
btw , they are very reasonable too !
good ambience .
simply an amazing place .
food and prices are fantastic !
the manager ran my credit card and gave me a receipt .
best pharmacy in town !
he was on time , friendly , and professional .
always helped me out .
very happy with the service !
going to sue them this week if i do n't hear from them .
the portions are large and the coffee is good .
the food is some of the best in cactus league .
definitely an `` older '' crowd .
very very good .
the specialty rolls are really unique and tasty .
by march my face was flawless and my wedding photos were perfect .
do not recommend !
they had a lot of options for happy hour .
disappointing .
if you 're paying more than $ _num_ per night , look elsewhere .
overall , everything was good .
it 's a beautiful setting !
our food arrived and it was nothing special either .
my salad was equally terrible .
we loved everything about this place .
amazing .
good experience .
the place screams `` i ca n't be bothered '' with customers .
fantastic !
i will definitely be back for more .
love this place , great happy hour and wings are yummy .
i absolutely love this little hole in the wall .
probably not going to be a repeat customer .
had the coconut iced coffee which was delicious and huge .
an incredible place .
lots of activities , clean facilities , great pools & hot tubs .
top dog new this ahead of time but took her anyway .
employees are rude and very slow .
on my last visit here , i ordered a chocolate dipped waffle cone .
great service and amazing product !
i tried to go beyond that and ordered _num_ different dishes .
recently had dinner at the persian room .
fifth , the food was not good .
we are truly amazed by his talent and passion for music .
he is definitely very knowledgeable !
i would book your stay elsewhere .
you can not split up your wings in the multiple flavors .
i know i will keep coming back for their scrambled eggs !
well , i 've had better pizza at chuck e cheese .
he also suggested i write a terrible review so i thought i should .
first off it does not stand out in anyway .
i will not return to that venue !
they were both very friendly and did a great job !
drinks are always made perfectly , each and every time .
oh yeah and i forgot to mention the pancakes .
perfect for a date night or family gathering .
love , love , love this place .
my boyfriend loves their coffee and i love their hummus !
they are quite knowledgeable and always willing to help , with a smile .
this was the first time i brought my _num_ year old son here .
again , the same stinky smell followed me home through the order .
they have awesome ice cream , shakes , floats , etc !
they always do a great job , on time and for the price quoted .
it only gets worse .
solid bar food , just be aware it is a very small place .
this is a small restaurant tucked away in a strip mall of all places .
be prepared to wait but in my opinion it 's worth it .
i love starbucks so this is one of my favorite places to go .
it was too late to go back return as we were on a schedule .
what are they gon na do , call the cops on me ?
win !
also the cash only bar was a terrible surprise .
the gift shop has many reasonably priced souvenirs .
so nobody can answer questions over the phone ?
it was delicious .
