she explained that saturdays are busy and she tried to smooth everything over .	saturdays	negative
do n't waste your time or money here .	money	positive
i think pace mild sauce is hotter than this stuff .	pace mild sauce	positive
went here on a recommendation from a good friend while on a business trip .	business	positive
the service was really good and our waiter is very very nice .	service	positive
the service was really good and our waiter is very very nice .	waiter	positive
and fun people watching !	people	positive
nice office , nice staff .	office	positive
nice office , nice staff .	staff	positive
the price for the taco plate and a large horchata was $ _num_ .	price	positive
the price for the taco plate and a large horchata was $ _num_ .	taco plate	positive
the food was amazing .	food	positive
service was great !	service	positive
had amazing fettuccine !	fettuccine	positive
the pizza is always fresh and hot when it arrives .	pizza	positive
our dog always come back looking sharp and happy .	dog	positive
staff and performers are fantastic .	staff	positive
staff and performers are fantastic .	performers	positive
loose plastic tab on my grille .	tab	negative
loose plastic tab on my grille .	grille	negative
friendly owner .	owner	positive
will edit upon happy purchase !	purchase	positive
mike is seriously the best dentist ever .	dentist	positive
you will love ruth 's chris .	chris	positive
i love ethnic food .	ethnic food	positive
this place does not qualify as a restaurant , mexican or otherwise .	place	negative
this place does not qualify as a restaurant , mexican or otherwise .	mexican	negative
sweet , sugary and drenched in hot fudge and other toppings .	hot fudge	positive
sweet , sugary and drenched in hot fudge and other toppings .	toppings	positive
_num_ bars in one !	bars	negative
she apologized and gave me the contact information to the collection agency .	collection	negative
this is the perfect place to end any day .	place	positive
thursday nights are my favorite since i totally dig the jazz there .	jazz	positive
are n't these people vegan ?	people vegan	negative
this is the best breakfast i have ever had !	breakfast	positive
make it a point to see how the patient is doing !	patient	positive
very nice gym .	gym	positive
john was extremely friendly and helpful .	john	positive
plenty of shade and beautiful atmosphere on the patio .	shade	positive
plenty of shade and beautiful atmosphere on the patio .	atmosphere	positive
laurie is not only knowledgable , but she is professional and well trained .	laurie	positive
always have enjoyed my meals and service here .	meals	positive
always have enjoyed my meals and service here .	service	positive
to add insult to injury the whole meal was swimming .	meal	negative
their prices were extraordinarily reasonable , the staff was fantastic .	prices	positive
their prices were extraordinarily reasonable , the staff was fantastic .	staff	positive
i got eggs , bacon , potatoes , cheese and beans my norm .	eggs , bacon , potatoes , cheese	positive
i got eggs , bacon , potatoes , cheese and beans my norm .	beans	positive
i love my hair !	hair	positive
the chili or whatever was on my taco salad was down right gross .	chili	negative
the chili or whatever was on my taco salad was down right gross .	taco salad	negative
the food was cold and i found two hairs in the wings .	food	negative
but by turning the air conditioning down to _num_ .	air conditioning	negative
another great job , woohoo !	woohoo	positive
one thing i noticed is also how bad the pizza looked !	pizza	negative
great business ; i will be coming back !	business	positive
used to love this place .	place	positive
great service and friendly staff .	service	positive
great service and friendly staff .	staff	positive
the team there is awesome !	team	positive
the patio here is great !	patio	positive
the staff is amazing and the vibe is cool .	staff	positive
the staff is amazing and the vibe is cool .	vibe	positive
the had taste and were fresh .	taste	positive
the salon is clean and the conversation is always easy and interesting !	salon	positive
the salon is clean and the conversation is always easy and interesting !	conversation	positive
very clean and has a good scottsdale feel .	scottsdale feel	positive
food here is also so good !	food	positive
the cauliflower was actually cold to the touch .	cauliflower	negative
was really hoping they would be my neighborhood beauty stop .	beauty stop	positive
maybe try putting cheese on the pizza .	cheese	positive
maybe try putting cheese on the pizza .	pizza	positive
razz is a real gem !	razz	positive
plus the place is a real value .	place	positive
plus the place is a real value .	value	positive
the man did not stop her .	man	positive
maybe we will call in a togo order _num_ hours prior to meal time .	togo	positive
maybe we will call in a togo order _num_ hours prior to meal time .	meal time	positive
the one we shop at has fresh sushi .	fresh sushi	positive
i love villa deli !	villa deli	positive
we all had different meals and all the food was excellent .	meals	positive
we all had different meals and all the food was excellent .	food	positive
i am definitely making this my permanent salon and will definitely request susan again .	permanent salon	positive
the meat platter is a must !	meat platter	positive
this being said , i was extremely dissapointed in this location .	location	negative
this place hit the spot food was good as was the service .	food	positive
this place hit the spot food was good as was the service .	service	positive
recommend him to anybody , girls or guys !	girls	positive
the best breakfast place i 've been to so far !	breakfast place	positive
no flavor whatsoever .	flavor	negative
good food , great selection of beer .	food	positive
good food , great selection of beer .	selection of beer	positive
the service was good even though they were busy .	service	positive
like i said before , the comedy was the only good factor .	comedy	positive
fantastic kabob !	kabob	positive
this is an amazing restaurant .	restaurant	positive
thanks for the excellent service !	service	positive
the staff and dr martin took such tender loving care of us .	staff	positive
the staff and dr martin took such tender loving care of us .	dr	positive
this place is out of control lol !	place	negative
this place is out of control lol !	lol	negative
owner : a very rude man .	owner	negative
daddy and daughter returned before the server showed up .	server	negative
thanks paul for years of honest , great service !	service	positive
delicious , home-made , affordable and always served in generous proportions .	served	positive
the service is great , too !	service	positive
definitely recommend this hospital .	hospital	positive
there us lon 's with fantastic food and craft cocktails .	food	positive
great job !	job	positive
best salad i have ever had .	salad	positive
someone really turned this place around .	place	negative
the drinks we had were also tasty .	drinks	positive
no refills , no chips .	chips	negative
love my patty tunes .	patty tunes	positive
our order is always right we 've never had a problem !	order	positive
really happy with their service and will be a long term customer .	service	positive
real , true authentic italian .	italian	positive
anyway , we get our bill and the first mimosa was free .	bill	positive
anyway , we get our bill and the first mimosa was free .	mimosa	positive
service has always been consistently very good !	service	positive
maintenance does not fix anything correctly and the management do n't care .	maintenance	negative
maintenance does not fix anything correctly and the management do n't care .	management	negative
the first problem happened with my fianc 's business shirts .	business shirts	negative
two remaining chairs badly stained .	chairs	negative
neighbors are dirty and have no courtesy to your living !	neighbors	negative
was able to get seated right away and the food was delicious .	food	positive
had their wings and they sucked .	wings	negative
i hope the profit was worth it , i 'll never be back .	profit	positive
it 's authentic mexican food .	mexican food	positive
we mainly go for high tea and the eateries !	eateries	positive
excellent place !	place	positive
then secondly he was completely lacking what makes a business , customer service !	customer service	negative
great , fresh items .	items	positive
very nice pedicure !	pedicure	positive
christine is so nice , a true pleasure to deal with .	christine	positive
food is ok , kind of bland .	food	negative
my sandwich was delicious , and they made me a pretty dang good latte .	sandwich	positive
my sandwich was delicious , and they made me a pretty dang good latte .	latte	positive
this dunkin donuts is the best in the valley !	dunkin donuts	positive
will were exceptional .	will	positive
i just found this place so much fun and authentic .	place	positive
and finally came back to tell me they were out of tuna .	tuna	negative
the ambiance is very authentic .	ambiance	positive
alright so the reviews here are spot on .	reviews	positive
this really is the best place to bring your car in az !	place	positive
this really is the best place to bring your car in az !	car	positive
antipasto salad is another fabulous choice .	antipasto salad	positive
highly recommend the guacamole ( with homemade chips ! )	guacamole ( with homemade chips	positive
your teeth will thank you .	teeth	positive
let 's talk inconsistent acting .	acting	negative
very bad customer service .	customer service	negative
they are right in the neighborhood which a huge plus !	neighborhood	positive
got tired of wasting my lunch hour so i just left !	lunch	negative
mediocre thai food .	thai food	negative
however , the staff is very friendly , efficient , and helpful .	staff	positive
i 've also had their fish fry and it 's awesome !	fish fry	positive
very sketchy office & no front desk person .	office	negative
very sketchy office & no front desk person .	front	negative
the quality of food is great and the portions are huge .	quality of food	positive
the quality of food is great and the portions are huge .	portions	positive
definitely better than places like ra , is more authentic , and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
so she just kept standing at the drink station .	drink station	negative
really good flavor and presentation .	flavor	positive
really good flavor and presentation .	presentation	positive
all they care about is money and apparently they want all of mine .	money	negative
very nice range where you feel safe to shoot .	range	positive
thank god for this office .	office	positive
food is delicious !	food	positive
so we ordered custom drinks both were poorly made .	custom drinks	negative
thick doughy crust , very flavorful sauce , and wonderfully large amounts of cheese .	crust	positive
thick doughy crust , very flavorful sauce , and wonderfully large amounts of cheese .	sauce	positive
thick doughy crust , very flavorful sauce , and wonderfully large amounts of cheese .	cheese	positive
arrived with _num_ friends and picked up our tickets , no issues .	tickets	positive
next door bouncer informed me that they are closed .	bouncer	negative
the food was n't anything great .	food	negative
our service is the reason why this review is getting a lower rating .	service	negative
our service is the reason why this review is getting a lower rating .	rating	negative
quick service , friendly staff , nice and dark , excellent drinks !	service	positive
quick service , friendly staff , nice and dark , excellent drinks !	staff	positive
quick service , friendly staff , nice and dark , excellent drinks !	drinks	positive
my friend even had the liver & onions & was pleased .	liver & onions	positive
friendly staff .	staff	positive
pizza is one of the best in town .	pizza	positive
horrible experience from a repeat customer .	customer	negative
oh and the drinks are expensive too .	drinks	negative
no apologies - nothing .	apologies	negative
this place is now my go to italian spot .	italian spot	positive
excellent place to stuff a gift basket !	gift basket	positive
you lost a another few customers today at your location .	customers	negative
you lost a another few customers today at your location .	location	negative
perfect after noon lunch place !	lunch	positive
it 's great for kids and family night dinners .	family night dinners	positive
friendly , and fast drive threw .	drive	positive
the food was good , not great .	food	negative
thanks leslie - you 're the best !	leslie	positive
completely professional staff .	staff	positive
they have mesquite broiled chicken , salads , ribs and other items .	mesquite broiled chicken	positive
they have mesquite broiled chicken , salads , ribs and other items .	salads	positive
they have mesquite broiled chicken , salads , ribs and other items .	ribs	positive
goes great with sparkling water or a beer .	sparkling water	positive
goes great with sparkling water or a beer .	beer	positive
whatever you do do not get your dress from this place !	dress	negative
for it being on the lunch special menu , it was pretty pricey .	lunch special menu	negative
friendly , reasonably priced , would recommend linda and use this salon again .	priced	positive
friendly , reasonably priced , would recommend linda and use this salon again .	salon	positive
we absolutely loved the taste of our choice meats .	taste	positive
i should have read yelp before booking this place .	place	negative
zipps always seems like such a fun place .	zipps	positive
zipps always seems like such a fun place .	place	positive
i loved the spaghetti and meatballs !	spaghetti	positive
i loved the spaghetti and meatballs !	meatballs	positive
one of my all time favs .	favs	positive
the price was outstanding service was even better .	price	positive
the price was outstanding service was even better .	service	positive
i like buying new tires that are no good .	tires	negative
they have _num_ basketball for court .	basketball for court	positive
comfort food lives here !	comfort food	positive
the rice was cold and dry .	rice	negative
the new menu items were pretty good .	menu items	positive
there is no security whatsoever .	security	negative
i go in for a cleaning and then get a bill .	cleaning	positive
i go in for a cleaning and then get a bill .	bill	positive
upon entering , the first thing i noticed was no air conditioning .	air conditioning	negative
we ordered the chicken parm sandwich and it was delicious !	chicken parm sandwich	positive
the margaritas here are amazing .	margaritas	positive
excellent staff , amenities , drinks , service , views , and luxury !	staff	positive
excellent staff , amenities , drinks , service , views , and luxury !	amenities	positive
excellent staff , amenities , drinks , service , views , and luxury !	drinks	positive
excellent staff , amenities , drinks , service , views , and luxury !	service	positive
excellent staff , amenities , drinks , service , views , and luxury !	views	positive
if you pay attention to there sales you can get lots of good buys .	sales	positive
if you pay attention to there sales you can get lots of good buys .	buys	positive
i needed a new eye doctor because i moved to az .	eye doctor	positive
service : staff was very friendly and i received quick service with a smile .	service	positive
service : staff was very friendly and i received quick service with a smile .	staff	positive
service : staff was very friendly and i received quick service with a smile .	service	positive
wow , we rolled up for breakfast , and were pleasantly surprised .	breakfast	positive
the people who work here are the best .	people	positive
beautiful facility that cares about my pets .	facility	positive
beautiful facility that cares about my pets .	pets	positive
expensive and you get tiny portions , there is a sharing charge .	portions	negative
i booked a room thru expedia for a friday night .	room	positive
cant understand why there were so many customers there .	customers	negative
everyone was extremely nice and professional .	everyone	positive
i should also give props to the server as he was prompt and attentive !	server	positive
the staff is friendly , fast , and all have smiles on their faces .	staff	positive
the scenery and the river are so beautiful .	scenery	positive
the scenery and the river are so beautiful .	river	positive
i have stayed here regularly for business for years .	business	positive
great barber !	barber	positive
i love the atmosphere of the restaurant .	atmosphere	positive
sales manager lies , and have email to prove it above .	sales manager	negative
the food its self makes the wait all worth it .	food	positive
the food its self makes the wait all worth it .	wait	positive
this is a great dive bar that is very laid back and easy going .	dive bar	positive
& fresh beef jerky if you 're really lucky !	beef jerky	positive
had to wait _num_ minutes in a booth before anyone acknowledged us .	wait	negative
had to wait _num_ minutes in a booth before anyone acknowledged us .	booth	negative
the wings were mediocre tasting and were very small in size .	wings	negative
there are no appetizers , just salads for starters .	appetizers	negative
there are no appetizers , just salads for starters .	salads	negative
this is extremely bad customer service !	customer service	negative
lost their lease .	lease	negative
my prime rib was very good .	prime rib	positive
soap .	soap	positive
the street and gringo fish tacos are awesome too !	street	positive
the street and gringo fish tacos are awesome too !	gringo fish tacos	positive
really great , authentic food that does n't hurt the wallet .	food	positive
the cheese calzone was delicious and the veggie sandwich is great .	cheese calzone	positive
the cheese calzone was delicious and the veggie sandwich is great .	veggie sandwich	positive
great service and ambiance .	service	positive
great service and ambiance .	ambiance	positive
love the fries !	fries	positive
i got the chopped salad which was perfect & salmon .	chopped salad	positive
i got the chopped salad which was perfect & salmon .	salmon	positive
he avoided me for at least _num_ min after bringing me the check .	check	negative
just a very disappointing visit and lackluster serving from the keg at desert ridge .	serving	negative
just a very disappointing visit and lackluster serving from the keg at desert ridge .	keg	negative
bland , tasteless , cafeteria food .	cafeteria food	negative
food was fresh and delicious .	food	positive
they are also out of tea and it 's not even noon .	tea	negative
love this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
that 's how much i love this place .	place	positive
they add crisp bacon and green chile to their delicious shaved beef .	crisp bacon	positive
they add crisp bacon and green chile to their delicious shaved beef .	green chile	positive
they add crisp bacon and green chile to their delicious shaved beef .	shaved beef	positive
i highly recommend this dealership for any of your car needs !	dealership	positive
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	plate	positive
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	food	positive
for example the chicken chow mien is with bean sprouts and not noodles .	chicken chow mien	positive
for example the chicken chow mien is with bean sprouts and not noodles .	bean sprouts	positive
for example the chicken chow mien is with bean sprouts and not noodles .	noodles	negative
i will definitely be going back to get a fill and pedi soon !	fill	positive
my dogs love it there too .	dogs	positive
the best italian deli in arizona .	italian deli	positive
kevin provided outstanding service throughout the sales process .	service	positive
kevin provided outstanding service throughout the sales process .	sales	positive
so fifteen minutes after i came back the car is done .	car	positive
they are the low fat kind you buy from the grocery store .	kind	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
this used to be one of my favorite places .	places	positive
keep in mind , however , that avenue q comes with a traveling cast .	cast	positive
the happy hour is incredible , the nachos are amazing .	nachos	positive
lemon chicken -- smelled burnt when i got home , looked burnt as well .	lemon chicken	negative
for starters , this location is not set up very efficiently .	location	negative
chicken wings were chewy .	chicken wings	negative
the employees here are friendly , professional , and knowledgeable about their products .	employees	positive
the employees here are friendly , professional , and knowledgeable about their products .	products	positive
their margaritas are flavorless and weak .	margaritas	negative
i loved the salsa .	salsa	positive
great place for your pet .	pet	positive
awesome place !	place	positive
service is generally quick and very friendly .	service	positive
if they do n't have enough catering why keep the restaurant open ?	catering	negative
fish tacos nice and light .	fish tacos	positive
gorgeous magical setting .	setting	positive
great service too !	service	positive
wow this place is great for kids of all ages .	place	positive
first time ai n't half bad , the second time was pretty awful .	ai	negative
biscuits are huge and the gravy was very flavorful .	biscuits	positive
biscuits are huge and the gravy was very flavorful .	gravy	positive
i feel sorry for the young employee working the register .	employee	negative
their waffle is also amazing , best waffle in town for sure !	waffle	positive
their waffle is also amazing , best waffle in town for sure !	waffle	positive
police came but were not allowed in .	police	negative
_num_ damn trips to just get our drinks .	drinks	negative
they have a great patio !	patio	positive
love the steak and gooey butter cake .	steak and gooey butter cake	positive
this store associate was very helpful and nice .	store associate	positive
we pay for our rounds , and get _num_ mins to hit some balls .	rounds	negative
i highly recommend this place !	place	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
all i ordered was chicken fried rice , and chicken wings .	chicken fried rice	negative
all i ordered was chicken fried rice , and chicken wings .	chicken wings	negative
it may be tricky to find but worth the look .	look	positive
my consultant was lindsay and she was great !	consultant	positive
my consultant was lindsay and she was great !	lindsay	positive
this place is just ok .	place	negative
funky restaurant , great food !	food	positive
mesa location is soooooo much better .	mesa location	positive
the bartenders are very nice .	bartenders	positive
her dad got the ribeye steak which was so tender and flavorful !	ribeye steak	positive
amazing food and unique flavor combinations .	food	positive
amazing food and unique flavor combinations .	flavor combinations	positive
that 's what so great about this place !	place	positive
some of the worst service i 've experienced .	service	negative
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !	chinese place	positive
plus two stars because , hello ... cheeseburgers .	cheeseburgers	positive
i love this place , drinks and food are wonderful .	place	positive
i love this place , drinks and food are wonderful .	drinks	positive
i love this place , drinks and food are wonderful .	food	positive
menu has variety and tasty specials .	menu	positive
menu has variety and tasty specials .	specials	positive
great place for a week and breakfast .	breakfast	positive
every menu item we 've tried has been terrific .	menu item	positive
palms theatre is the place to go for a wonderful variety of entertainment .	palms	positive
palms theatre is the place to go for a wonderful variety of entertainment .	entertainment	positive
while i am on bread , they are located next to a bread smith .	bread	negative
while i am on bread , they are located next to a bread smith .	bread smith	negative
when the prime rib arrived i could not believe my eyes .	prime rib	positive
and amazing margaritas !	margaritas	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
greedy establishment trying to be like vegas with that reserved crap .	establishment	negative
funky atmosphere , great food , great service , generous cocktails .	atmosphere	positive
funky atmosphere , great food , great service , generous cocktails .	food	positive
funky atmosphere , great food , great service , generous cocktails .	service	positive
funky atmosphere , great food , great service , generous cocktails .	cocktails	positive
food came out fast and service was great .	food	positive
food came out fast and service was great .	service	positive
service and grounds are impeccable .	service	positive
service and grounds are impeccable .	grounds	positive
alex kept our drinks topped the entire dinner and provided warm conversation .	drinks	positive
poor customer service ... .	customer service	negative
this is definitely a place to try at least once !	place	positive
just read review below and now i know it 's not a fluke .	review	positive
there was a beautiful aquarium near the sushi bar .	aquarium	positive
there was a beautiful aquarium near the sushi bar .	sushi bar	positive
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .	game	positive
we would have preferred one of your daughters for a big table like ours !	table	positive
this place sucked !	place	negative
the breakfast burrito is the best deal in downtown scottsdale .	breakfast burrito	positive
with tip , came to $ _num_ .	tip	positive
pizza , great .	pizza	positive
i love sonic .	sonic	positive
it 's a great place .	place	positive
i find the food to be consistently good and the service is outstanding .	food	positive
i find the food to be consistently good and the service is outstanding .	service	positive
a great go to for mexican food , friendly staff , and delicious food !	mexican food	positive
a great go to for mexican food , friendly staff , and delicious food !	staff	positive
a great go to for mexican food , friendly staff , and delicious food !	food	positive
the music is amazing .	music	positive
avoid this place !	place	negative
i wish i could give this place zero stars !	place	positive
management is always kind and concerned .	management	positive
the lot was full but there was no one in the restaurant .	lot	negative
this is our absolute favorite pizza place in scottsdale / cave creek .	pizza place	positive
of the _num_ of us , _num_ bought items .	items	positive
literally , there was no one eating there but our party .	party	negative
what 's inside the package is the real treat .	treat	positive
it 's american food in the worst sense big island meat loaf ?	american food	negative
it 's american food in the worst sense big island meat loaf ?	meat loaf	negative
like the quaint atmosphere really cute !	atmosphere	positive
our bartender was very nice .	bartender	positive
our vet is great .	vet	positive
it is up to you how you want your meal to turn out .	meal	positive
very casual , but solid consistent service and food .	service	positive
very casual , but solid consistent service and food .	food	positive
their staff is rarely ever anything but attentive and nice .	staff	positive
payed _num_ more dollars for shitty food .	food	negative
the smells are wonderful and the food is excellent .	smells	positive
the smells are wonderful and the food is excellent .	food	positive
immediately when we walked in and had a horrible feeling about this place .	place	negative
it 's really hard to find `` authentic '' german food in the states .	german food	negative
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	service	positive
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	food	positive
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	value	positive
thanks for making my date night out with my _num_ yr old a success .	date night	positive
the worst resort i have ever stayed out .	resort	negative
the service was excellent and the food was delicious .	service	positive
the service was excellent and the food was delicious .	food	positive
the rest of the staff were all friendly and worked well as a team .	staff	positive
thai pan is yet another new favorite entirely due to yelpers ' recommendations .	thai pan	positive
my mom ordered the margarita panini which was pretty good .	margarita panini	positive
small place for overall every course was very good .	course	positive
loved that le did my nails .	le	positive
loved that le did my nails .	nails	positive
i had the pork shank ; very good .	pork shank	positive
_num_ - _num_ minutes i can understand , _num_ minutes , not really .	_num_	negative
they give their customers an honest assessment and provide quality work as necessary .	customers	positive
they give their customers an honest assessment and provide quality work as necessary .	work	positive
you can enjoy the smells from the time you pull up !	smells	positive
highly recommended if you like mexican food .	mexican food	positive
great wine and a great happy hour !	wine	positive
i recommend the sweet potato casserole with pecan crust for a side .	sweet potato casserole with pecan crust	positive
the employees really do care about the kids and it shows .	employees	positive
lots too choose from but piss poor service !	service	negative
not one employee smiled at us or greeted us .	employee	negative
the panang was flavorful and just the right amount of heat .	panang	positive
great place , great amazing food and great location !	place	positive
great place , great amazing food and great location !	food	positive
great place , great amazing food and great location !	location	positive
the chefs are masters , the fish is so fresh and the price fair .	chefs	positive
the chefs are masters , the fish is so fresh and the price fair .	fish	positive
the chefs are masters , the fish is so fresh and the price fair .	price	positive
sorry waitresses : - ( i was almost embarrassed for you .	waitresses	negative
great help and professionals , first rate facility .	facility	positive
i love nordstrom , let me start off my saying that .	nordstrom	positive
only _num_ tables seated , we ordered a pasta dish and a pizza .	pasta dish	positive
only _num_ tables seated , we ordered a pasta dish and a pizza .	pizza	positive
the red sauce on the red enchilada sauce tasted like very bitter vinegar .	red sauce on the red enchilada sauce	negative
the red sauce on the red enchilada sauce tasted like very bitter vinegar .	vinegar	negative
it 's not like there are very many slides to begin with .	slides	negative
the bread was super fresh .	bread	positive
we dined at a corner table and had the most enjoyable experience possible .	table	positive
i went there with _num_ friends from work friday for lunch .	lunch	positive
the food here is only mediocre in my opinion .	food	negative
they have a ton of toppings to create your own or special unique creations .	toppings	positive
they have a ton of toppings to create your own or special unique creations .	creations	positive
waste of food .	waste of food	negative
the price is very reasonable and they do a great job .	price	positive
i had just purchased those coupons about a month before .	coupons	negative
note to macayo 's : enchilada sauce should be red not orange .	enchilada sauce	positive
the service was great and the manager was very attentive to the customers .	service	positive
the service was great and the manager was very attentive to the customers .	manager	positive
the service was great and the manager was very attentive to the customers .	customers	positive
and they only get the second star because of the service department .	service department	negative
we love this place and voted it the best burger in town .	burger	positive
very clean and comfortable place .	place	positive
he 's my new barber ... and i highly recommend !	barber	positive
my wife loves the chopped liver & rye you get to start the meal .	chopped liver & rye	positive
my wife loves the chopped liver & rye you get to start the meal .	meal	positive
the rice was pretty flavorless ; white and cheap .	rice	negative
got ta share the addiction of this place !	place	positive
linda at the front desk and rick are great !	rick	positive
the drinks are also really good .	drinks	positive
the food is spicy and very unique .	food	positive
cost might be low but they do not stand behind their products !	cost	negative
cost might be low but they do not stand behind their products !	products	positive
the beans were good and the cole slaw was ok .	beans	positive
the beans were good and the cole slaw was ok .	cole slaw	negative
maintenance is a joke .	maintenance	negative
it was a _num_ min wait .	wait	negative
the chips were cold and a bit stale .	chips	negative
the vanilla bean finish is absolute perfection !	vanilla bean finish	positive
extremely fast service food was out quick and fresh !	service food	positive
this place has some of the best service i 've seen .	service	positive
open _num_ hours with minimal choices of entrees to pick from the menu .	menu	negative
this was one of the worst experiences in nail salons i have ever had .	nail	negative
great prices , great values and fun times !	prices	positive
great prices , great values and fun times !	values	positive
they have seven ingredients , yet _num_ dishes .	ingredients	positive
they have seven ingredients , yet _num_ dishes .	dishes	positive
this place is authentic and food is great !	place	positive
this place is authentic and food is great !	food	positive
he went above and beyond to make our shopping less stressful and fun !	shopping	positive
i keep telling myself i will order something else but then i crave gyro .	gyro	positive
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	green enchiladas	negative
we probably should 've just left and spent our money elsewhere .	money	negative
yum yum yum !	yum	positive
food is amazing !	food	positive
the spring mix was old and it was nothing special .	spring mix	negative
they 've also got a decent selection of sheet music and books .	sheet music	positive
they 've also got a decent selection of sheet music and books .	books	positive
she became slightly more pleasant , but the wait for everything was ridiculous .	wait for	negative
definitely worth a visit if you 're in old town for lunch or dinner .	lunch	positive
definitely worth a visit if you 're in old town for lunch or dinner .	dinner	positive
not the nostalgic fun place they pretend to be .	place	positive
unless of course you like bland inedible food .	food	negative
highly recommend this darling local pizzeria !	local pizzeria	positive
the breakfast club is excellent every time .	breakfast club	positive
my dog was so happy .	dog	positive
this place rocks .	place	positive
( pictures to follow ) then came the last kicker .	pictures	negative
( pictures to follow ) then came the last kicker .	kicker	positive
the restaurant has a nice flow and feel to it .	flow	positive
the restaurant has a nice flow and feel to it .	feel	positive
my room was neat and clean , which is really all i care about .	room	positive
nice little bar with many options for margaritas .	bar	positive
nice little bar with many options for margaritas .	options	positive
we went friday night and ate at the bar and the food was great !	bar	positive
we went friday night and ate at the bar and the food was great !	food	positive
over by the side wall it sounded like a mess .	side wall	negative
it 's a bowling alley 1st and foremost .	bowling alley	positive
you can order _num_ wings for $ _num_ or _num_ wings for $ _num_ .	_num_ wings	positive
and , the color remains looking good for a while .	color	positive
shannon is great !	shannon	positive
fiesta burrito excels at both .	fiesta burrito	positive
waited _num_ minutes for a starter wrap .	starter wrap	negative
said one cook quit and another had a death in the family .	cook	negative
fast , friendly service should be expected , and they nailed it .	service	positive
we enjoyed the spicy salmon roll and the viva las vegas roll .	spicy salmon roll	positive
we enjoyed the spicy salmon roll and the viva las vegas roll .	viva las	positive
had to walk three miles to purchase a battery in _num_ plus weather !	battery	negative
bartender and server jimmy goes above and beyond .	bartender	positive
bartender and server jimmy goes above and beyond .	server	positive
there was salt all over it and crumbs .	salt	negative
there was salt all over it and crumbs .	crumbs	negative
wine list had great options .	wine list	positive
it surprises me that a business could run this awful .	business	negative
delicious food .	food	positive
the brisket was very good and the sauce was even better .	brisket	positive
the brisket was very good and the sauce was even better .	sauce	positive
everything that came out of the kitchen was a work of art & delicious .	kitchen	positive
gorgeous flowers , music , ambiance - they 've got it down .	flowers , music , ambiance	positive
their food is consistently good !	food	positive
nothing to like about this place .	place	negative
wonderful , welcoming service .	service	positive
anyway , this is still one of my favorite places !	places	positive
the food was mediocre ( if not lacking ) and the service was awful .	food	negative
the food was mediocre ( if not lacking ) and the service was awful .	service	negative
arizona bread company is simple in looks but their bread speaks wonders .	bread company	positive
arizona bread company is simple in looks but their bread speaks wonders .	bread	positive
the staff while kept busy is friendly and quick .	staff	positive
my smoothie is always perfect as well .	smoothie	positive
by the way , the tea was never delivered .	tea	negative
meatballs delicious and marinara sauce to die for .	meatballs	positive
meatballs delicious and marinara sauce to die for .	marinara sauce	positive
great stay .	stay	positive
the hamburgers are flat but round .	hamburgers	positive
food and fun !	food	positive
convenient location , friendly and fast service .	location	positive
convenient location , friendly and fast service .	service	positive
avoid this place at all costs !	place	negative
just go somewhere else unless you are desperate for chewy orange chicken .	orange chicken	negative
it can get pretty loud but the place is fun .	place	positive
we had the most wonderful dinner with the most wonderful service !	dinner	positive
we had the most wonderful dinner with the most wonderful service !	service	positive
some time is reasonable but over thirty minutes for eggs ?	eggs	negative
does anyone know what `` chow fun '' is ?	chow fun	positive
service is incredible as is the food ... fresh , flavorful and reasonably priced .	service	positive
service is incredible as is the food ... fresh , flavorful and reasonably priced .	food	positive
service is incredible as is the food ... fresh , flavorful and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
horrible sums this place up !	place	negative
we 'll definitely be coming here with our other pets from now on .	pets	positive
the vendors at these booths all paid to be here .	vendors	negative
if you like good service , do n't waste your time .	service	positive
great patio , deep pours , great selection , not pretentious at all .	patio	positive
great patio , deep pours , great selection , not pretentious at all .	selection	positive
the sound guy needs to realize this is an enclosed space and adjust accordingly .	sound guy	negative
the sound guy needs to realize this is an enclosed space and adjust accordingly .	space	negative
staff is super friendly and so helpful .	staff	positive
my full set is uneven and lumpy .	set	negative
did n't ask how things were ... just gave change .	change	negative
plain awful food .	food	negative
bartenders are cute and friendly .	bartenders	positive
if i enjoyed the experience then the money would n't have been a consideration .	money	negative
one of my favorite stores in town .	stores	positive
pancakes , eggs and bacon .	pancakes	positive
pancakes , eggs and bacon .	eggs	positive
cute place .	place	positive
star _num_ : how were the portions relative to the cost ?	portions	negative
star _num_ : how were the portions relative to the cost ?	cost	negative
the staff was so friendly !	staff	positive
a salesperson by the name of tim was at the counter .	salesperson	negative
quality is awesome and the staff is great .	quality	positive
quality is awesome and the staff is great .	staff	positive
i love the beds .	beds	positive
we all enjoy knowing our patients on a personal level .	patients	positive
it was very terrible sound system .	sound system	negative
top _num_ restaurants i 've ever been to .	restaurants	positive
hummus and pita freshly prepared .	hummus and pita	positive
also everyone there is super friendly !	everyone	positive
my initial thoughts were `` great , so i just spent my sat .	sat	positive
beautiful views , great decor & comfortable atmosphere .	views	positive
beautiful views , great decor & comfortable atmosphere .	decor	positive
beautiful views , great decor & comfortable atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
as long as he is there , we will continue to frequent the establishment .	establishment	positive
the food was delicious .	food	positive
great drinks and apps as well .	drinks	positive
great drinks and apps as well .	apps	positive
very family friendly , old school feel .	feel	positive
scottsdale vet clinic is rude and greedy , and inexperienced .	vet clinic	negative
ordered the ribs and they are about the best i have had .	ribs	positive
marinara was okay , nothing special .	marinara	positive
we had chicken marsala , chicken piccata and a pasta dish as well .	chicken marsala	positive
we had chicken marsala , chicken piccata and a pasta dish as well .	chicken piccata	positive
we had chicken marsala , chicken piccata and a pasta dish as well .	pasta dish	positive
we also ordered some hummus to share , which was very flavorful .	hummus	positive
san francisco newspaper recommended sugar bowl .	sugar bowl	positive
talk about garbage pizza .	garbage pizza	negative
everyone here is always helpful .	everyone	positive
worker 's yelling at each other , dirty !	worker	negative
our waitress was very charming , knowledgeable and helpful .	waitress	positive
fantastic plants , friendly and informative staff .	plants	positive
fantastic plants , friendly and informative staff .	staff	positive
no problem because the inside is just as enjoyable .	inside	positive
the prices here are worth the risk and you get what you pay for .	prices	positive
always freshly prepared , always beautifully packaged for take-out .	take-out	positive
the huevos con masa were fantastic !	huevos con masa	positive
very good mexican food .	mexican food	positive
the ladies bathroom is very clean and drinks are reasonably priced .	ladies bathroom	positive
the ladies bathroom is very clean and drinks are reasonably priced .	drinks	positive
the ladies bathroom is very clean and drinks are reasonably priced .	priced	positive
authentic greek food , the best in mesa .	greek food	positive
she then brought us another four dishes .	dishes	positive
i love trains !	trains	positive
yeah , people can die .	people	negative
i 've been here twice to try to get takeout .	takeout	positive
there are so many better options just a stones throw away .	stones	positive
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .	casual dress	positive
the waiter was friendly and super helpful with food selection .	waiter	positive
the waiter was friendly and super helpful with food selection .	food selection	positive
this place is very nice , for it being in arizona .	place	positive
food was very good .	food	positive
heaven .	heaven	positive
nothing was wrong with my rings and no stones were missing !	rings	positive
nothing was wrong with my rings and no stones were missing !	stones	positive
this location could use some deep cleaning work all the staff behind the counter .	location	positive
this location could use some deep cleaning work all the staff behind the counter .	cleaning	positive
this location could use some deep cleaning work all the staff behind the counter .	staff	negative
love to check this place out again real soon !	place	positive
gina is an amazing hair dresser .	hair dresser	positive
not good customer service .	customer service	negative
turns out ... walmart will only cash checks for people with superior credit .	credit	negative
rude office ladies all the time .	office	negative
amazing pizza and calzones .	pizza	positive
amazing pizza and calzones .	calzones	positive
egg drop soup and garlic chicken are among my top choices .	egg drop soup	positive
egg drop soup and garlic chicken are among my top choices .	garlic chicken	positive
for a high rated resort , it fell way short of expectations .	resort	negative
the room i booked was n't available .	room	negative
do not lease from here .	lease	negative
great practice and would highly recommend !	practice	positive
the hostess and bartender are usually very personable and helpful .	hostess	positive
the hostess and bartender are usually very personable and helpful .	bartender	positive
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	pictures	negative
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	quality	negative
the food was okay , i 've had way better mexican food !	food	positive
the food was okay , i 've had way better mexican food !	mexican food	positive
i would definitely recommend the service , and i 'll use them again .	service	positive
always even a fan of this place .	place	positive
service is always friendly , quick , and extremely well done .	service	positive
good atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the food is right up there with what your make at home .	food	positive
scottsdale smile center is fantastic !	scottsdale smile center	positive
i tried the buffet today and was very disappointed .	buffet	negative
great happy hour selection .	selection	positive
thank you barry and crew so much for everything you guys do .	crew	positive
got ta love honest helpful people !	people	positive
we shared the apple pancake and it was oh so good !	apple pancake	positive
tiramisu was awesome as well .	tiramisu	positive
the prices are extremely reasonable and the service is good .	prices	positive
the prices are extremely reasonable and the service is good .	service	positive
she did n't even trim all the ends or anything .	ends	negative
the food was excellent .	food	positive
this place is a terrible place to live !	place	negative
this place is a terrible place to live !	place	negative
very skimpy with lettuce , tomatoes , peppers , etc .	lettuce	negative
very skimpy with lettuce , tomatoes , peppers , etc .	tomatoes	positive
very skimpy with lettuce , tomatoes , peppers , etc .	peppers	positive
take john 's suggestions on wine !	wine	positive
luckily for them , i do n't call the better business bureau .	business bureau	negative
i had prime rib and it was perfect .	prime rib	positive
the grounds of the spa are gorgeous and tranquil .	grounds	positive
the grounds of the spa are gorgeous and tranquil .	spa	positive
barros pizza is excellent .	barros pizza	positive
omelettes are great here .	omelettes	positive
i thought maybe she was getting menus or whatever , but no .	menus	negative
what a waste of time and money .	money	negative
they did n't charge me for the meal .	meal	negative
amazing customer service !	customer service	positive
well jade palace has it right !	jade palace	positive
the simple reason is that the sound quality is terrible .	sound quality	negative
i would recommend spending your money someone else .	money	positive
there is an actual bar as well .	bar	positive
worst experience i have ever had renting !	renting	negative
my wife and i would highly recommend this florist to all .	florist	positive
loved this outing !	outing	positive
if you need a new pizza place to call home check this place out !	pizza	positive
( i promise i tipped decently on the actual amount . )	amount	positive
always served piping served hot .	piping served	positive
the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
i asked for a manager , and she too refused to sell them .	manager	negative
this is the best spa experience i 've ever had .	spa experience	positive
good service and clean .	service	positive
they also have a good wine selection .	wine selection	positive
never again will i risk my pets ' health to save a buck !	pets	positive
they also walk you through the kitchen on the way to your table .	table	negative
no , i wo n't drive across town and use more gas .	gas	negative
the house salad and bread are perfect .	house salad	positive
the house salad and bread are perfect .	bread	positive
great food and great service !	food	positive
great food and great service !	service	positive
poor customer service and poor patient care .	customer service	negative
poor customer service and poor patient care .	patient care	negative
it 's one of my wife 's and i favorite establishment .	establishment	positive
the fireplace which is outside smells great in the winter months !	fireplace	positive
bread was not warmed and it was stale .	bread	negative
always great food and drinks .	food	positive
always great food and drinks .	drinks	positive
their art department is also great .	art department	positive
everyone i was with loved their food and we all plan on going back .	food	positive
parking was easy , staff was great .	parking	positive
parking was easy , staff was great .	staff	positive
my dog enjoys the park and all the nice grass and trees .	dog	positive
my dog enjoys the park and all the nice grass and trees .	park	positive
my dog enjoys the park and all the nice grass and trees .	grass	positive
my dog enjoys the park and all the nice grass and trees .	trees	positive
the service was prompt and accurate .	service	positive
absolutely amazing seafood , and more !	seafood	positive
chef mike prepared a great dinner .	dinner	positive
bad business practice for sure .	business practice	negative
but overall i was impressed with charleston 's and will probably be back .	charleston	positive
to be fair , this place would benefit from an update .	place	positive
seems to be a problem in az .	az	negative
check this place out !	place	positive
banana was good though .	banana	positive
amazing food !	food	positive
these guys have great programs to help you rent to buy .	programs	positive
during happy hour ) , and of course , great food !	food	positive
grilled sausage & veggie skewers are excellent .	grilled sausage	positive
grilled sausage & veggie skewers are excellent .	veggie skewers	positive
their service is always friendly and the atmosphere is bright and cheery .	service	positive
their service is always friendly and the atmosphere is bright and cheery .	atmosphere	positive
in my opinion , definitely not worth the hour wait .	wait	negative
wontons were not greasy .	wontons	positive
they are a little lax on the housekeeping as well .	housekeeping	negative
thank you for taking care of my dog !	dog	positive
it has never operated right , and parts continue to fall off .	parts	negative
happy hours here are the best .	hours	positive
great location !	location	positive
i have always wanted to find a go-to makeup girl and i found one !	makeup	positive
everyone always seems to have a smile at this place .	place	positive
stars _num_ and _num_ : how was the food ?	food	positive
the vanilla caramel truffles were also wonderful !	vanilla caramel truffles	positive
it was 12:30 pm , asked for breakfast menu , never brought it .	breakfast menu	negative
great people there and they all seemed very friendly .	people	positive
however , the service has been getting bad .	service	negative
very good prices and staff is very nice & professional .	prices	positive
very good prices and staff is very nice & professional .	staff	positive
hidden gem !	hidden gem	positive
their wine flights are magnificent and so is their antipasto dish - bang !	wine flights	positive
their wine flights are magnificent and so is their antipasto dish - bang !	antipasto dish	positive
but the food was n't worth the cost .	food	negative
but the food was n't worth the cost .	cost	negative
food , service , price ... .	food	positive
food , service , price ... .	service	positive
food , service , price ... .	price	positive
employees were welcoming and very friendly .	employees	positive
best persian food in az .	persian food	positive
great ambiance .	ambiance	positive
what a fantastic facility , clean and roomy .	facility	positive
both entrees recommended by our our waiter greg , and both fantastic recommendations !	entrees	positive
both entrees recommended by our our waiter greg , and both fantastic recommendations !	waiter	positive
the staff are great to work with , very friendly and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
the pieces then fall into the engine which has to be pulled .	engine	negative
they too agree that the pizza is fantastic .	pizza	positive
horrible customer service and high prices .	customer service	negative
horrible customer service and high prices .	prices	negative
i 'm not even going to talk about the ambience .	ambience	negative
but avoid this store at all costs !	store	negative
we both had the ribs and i must admit , they were very good .	ribs	positive
personalized attention , good food .	food	positive
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !	clothes	positive
the people at sonora were very good to me .	people	positive
cool , whatever , brewery .	brewery	positive
i 'm an extremely picky eater and sensitive to textures in food .	textures	negative
i 'm an extremely picky eater and sensitive to textures in food .	food	negative
love everything about scottsdale vet !	scottsdale	positive
got in quick and the staff was extremely helpful and friendly .	staff	positive
it was -- quite literally -- between _num_ and _num_ degrees inside the hall .	hall	negative
i always enjoy the atmosphere in here it usually pretty lively .	atmosphere	positive
food and service is wonderful !	food	positive
food and service is wonderful !	service	positive
amazing selection of drinks other then wine also .	selection of drinks	positive
amazing selection of drinks other then wine also .	wine	positive
the thermostat on the wall read _num_ degrees .	thermostat	positive
this place has made me a better artist all around .	place	positive
based on the staff that day , it does not surprise me one bit .	staff	positive
they simply state _num_ minute parking .	parking	negative
our order for shrimp with the paella became squid .	shrimp	positive
our order for shrimp with the paella became squid .	paella	positive
great burrito .	burrito	positive
the mole sauce was way too smoky .	mole sauce	negative
it 's family owned and it shows that they are proud of their business .	business	positive
i called several places and got quotes .	quotes	positive
my aunt ate her dish so i 'm assuming it was tasty .	dish	positive
persian room is excellent !	persian room	positive
the other patrons are cool and chill .	patrons	positive
wow , zipps has the worst tacos i have ever eaten .	tacos	negative
excellent place for food .	place	positive
excellent place for food .	food	positive
great prices .	prices	positive
our waiter was very funny and was positive .	waiter	positive
great event and lots of fun .	event	positive
we get home , the burgers are burnt - not edible .	burgers	negative
breakfast potatoes were very good .	breakfast potatoes	positive
very satisfied customer !	customer	positive
the first thing thing we noticed when we walked in was the awful smell .	smell	negative
once they get you in the door , they forget about you .	door	negative
here 's the thing : my dish was $ _num_ .	dish	positive
amazing food .	food	positive
the service was slow , but very friendly .	service	negative
best bread pudding in the state maybe in the world !	bread pudding	positive
enjoy dinner and create great family memories .	dinner	positive
i would definitely recommend this shop !	shop	positive
enjoyed a beautiful birthday dinner tonight with an amazing server .	birthday dinner	positive
enjoyed a beautiful birthday dinner tonight with an amazing server .	server	positive
the food itself is n't awful .	food	positive
the owner of the club also performed and he was fun to watch .	owner	positive
very fun time - highly recommended .	time	positive
the place was not busy at all .	place	positive
the server repeated my order .	server	positive
i absolutely love this place - _num_ stars if i could !	place	positive
the worst credit union on planet earth !	credit union	negative
ask for emily lopez , she 's the best !	emily lopez	positive
very nice atmosphere , great for a date .	atmosphere	positive
hmm .	hmm	positive
this is a beautiful facility .	facility	positive
really tough course and i wondered where all of the decorations were .	course	negative
really tough course and i wondered where all of the decorations were .	decorations	negative
you probably know what a good starbucks is .	starbucks	positive
the vet was very friendly as well as the support staff .	vet	positive
the vet was very friendly as well as the support staff .	support staff	positive
every single person we spoke to on staff was absolutely incredible .	staff	positive
so , you 're charging us for work that has n't been done ?	work	negative
the green chili is my favorite .	green chili	positive
worst service ever .	service	negative
do n't let them sell you on work that they say will be needed .	work	negative
the food and the atmosphere bring back fond memories of great meals in germany .	food	positive
the food and the atmosphere bring back fond memories of great meals in germany .	atmosphere	positive
the food and the atmosphere bring back fond memories of great meals in germany .	meals	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
we also had good service that kept our iced teas filled .	service	positive
we also had good service that kept our iced teas filled .	iced teas	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
but i did find the perfect `` pretty white bra . ''	bra	positive
hubby got a free pizza too , for his bday .	pizza	positive
i love you elmer .	elmer	positive
very comfy vibe , feel to this family-owned place .	vibe	positive
very comfy vibe , feel to this family-owned place .	place	positive
perfect amount of spice and perfect flavor .	amount	positive
perfect amount of spice and perfect flavor .	spice	positive
perfect amount of spice and perfect flavor .	flavor	positive
but , the service is what gave this location a one star .	service	positive
but , the service is what gave this location a one star .	location	positive
nice hotel in a good location .	hotel	positive
nice hotel in a good location .	location	positive
honest and reliable auto service .	auto service	positive
i love everything on the menu here .	menu	positive
prices are reasonable for the area .	prices	positive
prices are reasonable for the area .	area	positive
also an impressive cigar selection .	cigar selection	positive
avoid this clinic at all costs !	clinic	negative
their gyros are delicious and super cheap .	gyros	positive
genuinely good pizza !	pizza	positive
beautiful property and great range of amenities on site .	property	positive
beautiful property and great range of amenities on site .	amenities	positive
i would absolutely not recommend shopping for anything at this store .	store	negative
the owner could n't even look me in the eye .	owner	negative
they were welcoming to regulars and tourists .	tourists	positive
very good service .	service	positive
unfriendly the entire time so asked to speak to the manager .	manager	negative
i do n't understand how this place got such rave reviews .	place	negative
the worst service ever !	service	negative
there is always immediate availability and the staff and vets are great .	staff	positive
there is always immediate availability and the staff and vets are great .	vets	positive
maybe they should hire new mornings workers .	mornings workers	negative
amazing breakfast place so much variety !	breakfast place	positive
the food was only fair and much too salty .	food	negative
great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the price was very competitive and their communication was excellent .	price	positive
it was that bad ... bar food at its worst .	bar food	negative
nice ambiance for our 7th anniversary .	ambiance	positive
way too much for a few staff to handle .	staff	negative
with below average coffee i wo n't be going back .	coffee	negative
he does good work at a reasonable price .	price	positive
great authentic old school arizona bar and restaurant .	bar	positive
for happy hour , the _num_ small plates deal is always a good choice .	small plates	positive
their salesmen never let up on trying to get us to buy more time .	salesmen	positive
i forgot to update the last review and should have much sooner !	review	negative
i do not know how the came up with their menu .	menu	negative
but this place is so legit !	place	positive
fast , friendly , attentive service .	service	positive
i like pizza ... and grimaldi 's was delicious .	pizza	positive
her teeth are looking great and straight !	teeth	positive
they also have so many options for factory systems it 's amazing .	factory systems	positive
great selection of imported meats and cheeses .	selection	positive
food was amazing and both me and my girlfriend were really impressed .	food	positive
great place to get top of the line meat and it 's fresh .	line meat	positive
service was friendly and quick from start to finish .	service	positive
the food was the most awful hunan i have eaten .	food	negative
the food was the most awful hunan i have eaten .	hunan	negative
the food and service were good .	food	positive
the food and service were good .	service	positive
fresh fruit was also delicious .	fresh fruit	positive
so , i asked if i could grab a table to wait .	table	negative
so , i asked if i could grab a table to wait .	wait	negative
awesome pizza every time .	pizza	positive
lol , this place is hell .	place	negative
good fast service .	service	positive
highly recommend this store for its location and especially its customer service .	store	positive
highly recommend this store for its location and especially its customer service .	location	positive
highly recommend this store for its location and especially its customer service .	customer service	positive
a great place to bring the wife or meet a client for lunch .	lunch	positive
they have a great warranty and great staff .	staff	positive
the staff is very friendly , professional , and accommodating .	staff	positive
the patio is amazing for margaritas any time .	patio	positive
the patio is amazing for margaritas any time .	margaritas	positive
the patio is awful !	patio	negative
they have amazing pizzas , calzones and seafood .	pizzas	positive
they have amazing pizzas , calzones and seafood .	calzones	positive
they have amazing pizzas , calzones and seafood .	seafood	positive
service was fast and the staff very friendly .	service	positive
service was fast and the staff very friendly .	staff	positive
true statement .	statement	positive
this place is terrible .	place	negative
best sushi in mesa by far !	sushi in mesa	positive
this shop is a gem !	shop	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
the website says nothing about the store being closed .	store	negative
dale was so great at my walk through .	dale	positive
$ _num_ for two a la cart tacos .	a la cart tacos	positive
the grilled chicken salad is amazing .	grilled chicken salad	positive
entire staff is professional and friendly .	staff	positive
the portions of the food were pretty ridiculous .	portions	negative
it 's cheaper than four peaks , but in no way as good .	peaks	negative
great service and always take amazing care of their apartments !	service	positive
great service and always take amazing care of their apartments !	apartments	positive
chef cones by and says `` what happened here ? ''	chef cones	negative
i have never been more stressed out shopping for makeup in my life .	makeup	positive
mahalo suzanne !	mahalo	positive
excellent service and very good food .	service	positive
excellent service and very good food .	food	positive
great sandwiches , great crepes and a cool atmosphere .	sandwiches	positive
great sandwiches , great crepes and a cool atmosphere .	crepes	positive
great sandwiches , great crepes and a cool atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
finally , you have to pay $ _num_ for wasabi .	wasabi	negative
highly recommend this awesome joint !	joint	positive
the food is amazing !	food	positive
the side dishes are made in heaven .	side dishes	positive
good food , very friendly service .	food	positive
good food , very friendly service .	service	positive
this place sucks in comparison to most .	place	negative
called them and the manager said he was too busy to speak with me .	manager	negative
excellent food especially the homemade potato chips with dip .	food	positive
excellent food especially the homemade potato chips with dip .	homemade potato chips with dip	positive
this place has the best tamales that i have had in phoenix !	place	positive
this place has the best tamales that i have had in phoenix !	tamales	positive
i love this place ... food is amazing .	place	positive
i love this place ... food is amazing .	food	positive
business must be good or they would not treat patients this way .	business	positive
business must be good or they would not treat patients this way .	patients	negative
it 's the delicious garlic toast !	garlic toast	positive
& his truly care about the product they put out .	product	positive
defalco 's is a family favorite !	defalco	positive
the staff is friendly and attentive , prices are awesome for the portion size .	staff	positive
the staff is friendly and attentive , prices are awesome for the portion size .	prices	positive
the staff is friendly and attentive , prices are awesome for the portion size .	portion size	positive
this is now super wal-mart , so it has even groceries .	groceries	positive
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .	wine list	positive
everything was cooked to perfection and seasoned perfectly .	cooked	positive
this was a great place to stay !	place	positive
waiter was arrogant .	waiter	negative
sound , was mediocre at best .	sound	negative
this location is so much better than the mesa location .	location	positive
this location is so much better than the mesa location .	mesa location	positive
much better quality than the chain places !	quality	positive
much better quality than the chain places !	chain	positive
service was great with no appt .	service	positive
service was great with no appt .	appt	negative
i love this jack in the box !	jack in the box	positive
the presentation of the food outstanding .	food	positive
the staff was very nice and helpful and made the visit enjoyable .	staff	positive
my installer was david and he did a great job as well .	installer	positive
this place is amazing .	place	positive
the buffalo chicken pizza is also really good .	buffalo chicken pizza	positive
it 's our favorite sushi .	sushi	positive
the texture was just fine , but in the end too much salt .	texture	positive
the texture was just fine , but in the end too much salt .	salt	negative
tammy was great .	tammy	positive
this may have been the best thai food we have had .	thai food	positive
i had a great time trying on wedding dresses here .	wedding dresses	positive
this store is amazing .	store	positive
even after i told her i would like to order the dress .	dress	negative
the staff is always friendly and often hilarious !	staff	positive
truly , how does someone screw up pasta ?	pasta	negative
what the hell is wrong with these people ?	people	negative
this was not the first time we have been disappointed by this facility .	facility	negative
it is order at the counter , and they have a few tables inside .	tables	negative
it 's my favorite nail salon ever .	nail salon	positive
the fish had no flavor at all as it had n't been seasoned .	fish	negative
came in there with completely shot brakes on my front two tires .	brakes	negative
the skillet cornbread was delicious .	skillet cornbread	positive
my husband had the short ribs and again , bland .	ribs	negative
service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews .	service	positive
service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews .	food	positive
the taste was pretty bland .	taste	negative
i highly recommend the sizzling rice soup !	sizzling rice soup	positive
no one really ate their food .	food	negative
good place to dine !	place	positive
they keep up to date with the latest game so that 's a given .	game	positive
it is worth the walk , however .	walk	positive
and the owners are so nice !	owners	positive
as of late , they have been completely lacking in the customer service end .	customer service	negative
i do n't eat bacon .	bacon	negative
the lady on the phone was horrible .	lady	negative
the salsa is spiced just right .	salsa	positive
i had to give her one more try and same ol same ol .	ol	positive
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	prices	positive
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	tastings	positive
next time i 'm in the phoenix area i 'll be back for more !	area	positive
had great breakfast here today .	breakfast	positive
still my go to for great chinese !	chinese	positive
it 's pf changs .	pf	positive
unfortunately , i had very poor service during my last visit .	service	negative
great spot for lunch or dinner .	spot	positive
great spot for lunch or dinner .	lunch	positive
great spot for lunch or dinner .	dinner	positive
we will definitely go back to this resort some day .	resort	positive
i love the staff and the work that they do .	staff	positive
i love the staff and the work that they do .	work	positive
this place sucks .	place	negative
i have been here a few times now and have enjoyed each stop .	stop	positive
beer world is awesome !	beer world	positive
service was great and our waitress was very friendly !	service	positive
service was great and our waitress was very friendly !	waitress	positive
it was definitely a special place to celebrate .	place	positive
this place has a great staff .	staff	positive
oh , and your food is overpriced for what it is .	food	negative
great portions , lengthy wait .	portions	negative
great portions , lengthy wait .	wait	negative
but no one ever removed the dirty dishes from or appetizers .	dirty dishes	negative
but no one ever removed the dirty dishes from or appetizers .	appetizers	positive
barely any sashimi all salad .	sashimi all salad	negative
although the former is tasty , the latter is a waste of tomatoes .	tomatoes	negative
so , the food was good , i 'll be back .	food	positive
they also have half their sodas out of order every time .	sodas	negative
staff is extremely accommodating and flexible !	staff	positive
it 's really too bad that this place does not cater to the customer .	place	negative
it 's really too bad that this place does not cater to the customer .	customer	negative
he said sorry and that he would let the kitchen know .	kitchen	negative
i sat back down and another _num_ minutes go by .	_num_	negative
the leasing staff are very professional and helpful .	leasing staff	positive
lisa is so good with anything i want to try change or touch up .	change	positive
we had escargot first and enjoyed dipping the bread in the wonderful garlicky sauce .	escargot	positive
we had escargot first and enjoyed dipping the bread in the wonderful garlicky sauce .	bread	positive
we had escargot first and enjoyed dipping the bread in the wonderful garlicky sauce .	garlicky sauce	positive
buzzed or not , that long line can sure be annoying ... .	line	negative
his apology was pathetic .	apology	negative
the service was awful !	service	negative
this place is amazing .	place	positive
it was terrible and the marinara tasted like ketchup .	marinara	negative
it was terrible and the marinara tasted like ketchup .	ketchup	negative
their crab puffs are really good .	crab puffs	positive
one of my favorite meals here in az .	meals	positive
food was good .	food	positive
this place is good for a quick lunch .	lunch	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
if you want stale crust , eat at gus 's .	stale crust	positive
this place is just cute good old fashioned fun !	place	positive
and , the best part ?	part	positive
their food is wonderful , our orders have always been _num_ % accurate .	food	positive
love pop the soda shop .	pop the soda shop	positive
it was more _num_ 's dated hotel restaurant than classy to me .	hotel	positive
when we got to the room , our keys did n't work .	room	negative
when we got to the room , our keys did n't work .	keys	negative
the service is fast and attentive and the food great .	service	positive
the service is fast and attentive and the food great .	food	positive
so now i 'm having to wait _num_ extra minutes .	wait	negative
they truly care about their patients and are affordable .	patients	positive
terrible hotel .	hotel	negative
always new and perfectly executed dishes .	dishes	positive
got ready and saw _num_ minutes on the timer , good to go .	timer	positive
lo and behold the menu says it 's an extra $ _num_ to share .	menu	positive
i also tried the combo app .	combo app	positive
it was then another lengthy wait to bet our food .	wait	negative
it was then another lengthy wait to bet our food .	food	negative
she is delightful and great to customers !	customers	positive
and the food was wonderful !	food	positive
i 'm feel so lucky that i found this place .	place	positive
you would have a better stay in a box outside on a corner .	stay	negative
you would have a better stay in a box outside on a corner .	box	negative
great food .	food	positive
they do that and still give good service to the rest of the bar .	service	positive
they do that and still give good service to the rest of the bar .	bar	positive
i was really pleasantly surprised by this venue , and the comedians who performed .	venue	positive
i was really pleasantly surprised by this venue , and the comedians who performed .	comedians	positive
definitely check this place out !	place	positive
the fish tacos just were not very flavorful .	fish tacos	negative
perfect pairings menu is a great value !	pairings menu	positive
also , my husband found the brake pads he needed at rei .	brake pads	positive
_num_ min drive for a vehicle i was assured was there and available .	vehicle	positive
they immediately sat us in the pedicure chairs and started the water .	pedicure chairs	negative
they immediately sat us in the pedicure chairs and started the water .	water	negative
great atmosphere and location .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and location .	location	positive
our waitress , ( lauren ) knew the beer , was very attentive .	waitress	positive
our waitress , ( lauren ) knew the beer , was very attentive .	beer	positive
both times the food was excellent and the service fabulous .	food	positive
both times the food was excellent and the service fabulous .	service	positive
the servers were inattentive the entire stay but were very friendly .	servers	negative
the servers were inattentive the entire stay but were very friendly .	stay	negative
this walgreens is pretty dang cool !	walgreens	positive
probably the worst service i ever had .	service	negative
awesome service , best stylists ever , great atmosphere , awesome location .	service	positive
awesome service , best stylists ever , great atmosphere , awesome location .	atmosphere	positive
awesome service , best stylists ever , great atmosphere , awesome location .	location	positive
the best salon ever .	salon	positive
service is fast and friendly , pizzas are delicious .	service	positive
service is fast and friendly , pizzas are delicious .	pizzas	positive
the service and my nails were amazing !	service	positive
the service and my nails were amazing !	nails	positive
fantastic food and even better service !	food	positive
fantastic food and even better service !	service	positive
now the bad stuff .	stuff	negative
been visiting since _num_ , great food , lunch gyro special is the best !	food	positive
been visiting since _num_ , great food , lunch gyro special is the best !	lunch gyro special	positive
i sent the chips back .	chips	negative
one of my favorite places to eat .	places	positive
great atmosphere , fun and different games .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere , fun and different games .	games	positive
the food is very good , and the service was great .	food	positive
the food is very good , and the service was great .	service	positive
the inside looks great since their remodel .	inside	positive
the live music was awesome and everyone was having a good time .	live music	positive
their tortillas are the best .	tortillas	positive
the meal was great .	meal	positive
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	bar	positive
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	plates	positive
less than _num_ month old window is broken .	window	negative
calamari was awful .	calamari	negative
i certainly will continue to be a customer thanks again .	customer	positive
my sister and i stayed for _num_ days for personal trip to the university .	personal	positive
we left mid april and still did not have completed project .	project	negative
definitely worth the pricey special .	special	positive
cake ... .	cake	positive
the place is gorgeous and definitely a date place .	place	positive
plus they messed up my drink this past time .	drink	negative
i also really love their top hat and tin roof sundaes .	top hat	positive
i also really love their top hat and tin roof sundaes .	tin roof sundaes	positive
we absolutely love our screens .	screens	positive
the haircut i received was mediocre .	haircut	negative
however , the staff is rude and unorganized .	staff	negative
our meal were just wonderful , the service was the best .	meal	positive
our meal were just wonderful , the service was the best .	service	positive
it is a very nice place and the staff are very friendly .	place	positive
it is a very nice place and the staff are very friendly .	staff	positive
even visited the dmv to confirm .	dmv	positive
this place is _num_ years old and it shows in the inside apartment .	place	positive
this place is _num_ years old and it shows in the inside apartment .	apartment	positive
he may be a good dentist but it does not mean anything .	dentist	positive
i just walked out of this place because the waiter completely ignored me .	waiter	negative
_num_ small pieces of ravioli for $ _num_ .	pieces of ravioli	positive
excellent customer services and dental care !	customer services	positive
excellent customer services and dental care !	dental care	positive
it 's exactly what you would hope for from a long time family business .	business	positive
t is the best server ever !	server	positive
my birthday cake came from here and it was a huge hit !	birthday cake	positive
expect large portions , good prices and authentic offerings .	portions	positive
expect large portions , good prices and authentic offerings .	prices	positive
expect large portions , good prices and authentic offerings .	offerings	positive
i do n't understand how this kind of treatment is still acceptable .	treatment	negative
they 've been here forever and they 're super nice people .	people	positive
the rooms that line the courtyard are great for larger indoor/outdoor parties .	rooms	positive
absolutely love this place .	place	positive
they added avocado and asparagus which were a great touch !	avocado	positive
they added avocado and asparagus which were a great touch !	asparagus	positive
excellent care and very knowledgeable .	care	positive
they have daily specials and plenty of comfort food on their menu .	comfort food	positive
they have daily specials and plenty of comfort food on their menu .	menu	positive
taco bell is also better than this restaurant .	taco bell	positive
the `` patrons '' were amusing and the bartender attentive .	patrons	positive
the `` patrons '' were amusing and the bartender attentive .	bartender	positive
i only stayed because i was meeting friends for brunch .	brunch	positive
the service was good and the burgers were huge !	service	positive
the service was good and the burgers were huge !	burgers	positive
i will always return to discount .	discount	positive
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .	food	negative
the bread that was served was n't good , it tasted old .	bread	negative
the bread that was served was n't good , it tasted old .	served	negative
the clinic here sucks .	clinic	negative
the food is excellent and the choices are vast .	food	positive
the food is excellent and the choices are vast .	choices	positive
love this store !	store	positive
the pineapple mojito was a delight !	pineapple mojito	positive
it definitely fits the definition of a dive .	dive	positive
over charging us for less than mediocre food , or ignoring us completely ?	food	negative
at this location , the owners are family and staff is wonderful .	owners	positive
at this location , the owners are family and staff is wonderful .	staff	positive
bingo , dinner , music and happy hours .	dinner	positive
bingo , dinner , music and happy hours .	music	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
avoid this branch if possible .	branch	negative
courtney does great waxing !	waxing	positive
it was excellent and you can buy it to take out for $ _num_ .	take	positive
my companions felt it was n't really lobster .	companions	negative
my companions felt it was n't really lobster .	lobster	negative
the server comes up no apology or anything , but again no biggie .	server	negative
ra appears to cater to people who are looking for americanized japanese food .	japanese food	negative
highly recommend if you are looking for a new pediatrician .	pediatrician	positive
good food , decent service and the prices are fair .	food	positive
good food , decent service and the prices are fair .	service	positive
good food , decent service and the prices are fair .	prices	positive
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	capacity	negative
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	pool	negative
we will always wait for good food .	food	positive
the ambience and location are fantastic .	ambience	positive
the ambience and location are fantastic .	location	positive
i just moved into the valley and found carlsbad tavern .	carlsbad tavern	positive
this place is great , owner is very helpful and friendly .	place	positive
this place is great , owner is very helpful and friendly .	owner	positive
also make sure you start off with the clam chowder !	clam chowder	positive
i wanted the advertised deal as advertised , nothing more , nothing less .	deal	positive
their sides are amazing and they are very very generous with them .	sides	positive
waitress will work with you .	waitress	positive
fulfilling for dinner and enough for leftovers .	dinner	positive
fulfilling for dinner and enough for leftovers .	leftovers	positive
the perfect flakey crunch but still moist with honey .	crunch	positive
the perfect flakey crunch but still moist with honey .	honey	positive
the whole set up was ridiculous .	set	negative
fiesta burrito has the best mexican food in south scottsdale !	fiesta burrito	positive
fiesta burrito has the best mexican food in south scottsdale !	mexican food	positive
the prices are extremely reasonable and the atmosphere is definitely very laid back .	prices	positive
the prices are extremely reasonable and the atmosphere is definitely very laid back .	atmosphere	positive
they were right on time and i was able to track on map .	map	positive
i am giving them an extra star for customer service satisfaction .	customer service	positive
highly recommended if you are looking for great mexican food .	mexican food	positive
if you are in a hurry for lunch i do not reccomend this place .	lunch	positive
good coffee ... .	coffee	positive
our experience working with beth was phenomenal .	beth	positive
the service is very good and the food hard ready very quick .	service	positive
the service is very good and the food hard ready very quick .	food	positive
she tells well too bad the delivery driver has left .	delivery driver	negative
the best spa & overall facility that i 've ever been to .	spa	positive
the best spa & overall facility that i 've ever been to .	facility	positive
the decor is very interesting too !	decor	positive
i usually get a california burrito or super nachos , they are both delicious .	california burrito	positive
i usually get a california burrito or super nachos , they are both delicious .	super nachos	positive
then , almost _num_ minutes to get the food out .	food	positive
again we had great service .	service	positive
the woman who answered the phone was really awful .	woman	negative
the chicken was so dry and the food was cold when it came out .	chicken	negative
the chicken was so dry and the food was cold when it came out .	food	negative
my stomach was n't allowing it .	stomach	negative
owners are super nice .	owners	positive
this place rocks !	place	positive
rick is the man !	rick	positive
nicely appointed rooms , lovely common areas .	rooms	positive
nicely appointed rooms , lovely common areas .	common areas	positive
the teriyaki was dry .	teriyaki	negative
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	dentist	positive
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	staff	positive
i got a great gyro and a drink for $ _num_ in oldtown .	gyro	positive
i got a great gyro and a drink for $ _num_ in oldtown .	drink	positive
i 've found my new pizza place in scottsdale .	pizza	positive
awesome patio .	patio	positive
its very clean and open , not the usual dive bar .	dive bar	positive
great atmosphere with lives bands after 8pm .	atmosphere	positive
what a fantastic little place !	place	positive
pros : good food but just shy of great .	food	positive
staff is rude and not helpful .	staff	negative
it was a spicy pasta with chicken .	spicy pasta with chicken	positive
this is a great place to go !	place	positive
did a great job and i love my nails .	nails	positive
service food quality were all without complaint .	service food quality	positive
the bread alone was good enough to be eaten by itself .	bread	positive
perfect location and great views of paradise valley .	location	positive
perfect location and great views of paradise valley .	views	positive
if i hand thumbs for fingers i 'd give it a _num_ thumbs down !	fingers	positive
great place !	place	positive
the bread was mediocre .	bread	negative
their sound system is so good and they are very friendly .	sound system	positive
food was good , server was also good .	food	positive
food was good , server was also good .	server	positive
$ _num_ after the $ _num_ coupon for merchandise .	$	positive
$ _num_ after the $ _num_ coupon for merchandise .	merchandise	positive
six is a great alternative to the club scene .	club scene	positive
the food is top notch .	food	positive
this place is a shit hole the management is nonexistent after _num_ o'clock .	management	negative
home cooking at it 's best !	home cooking	positive
the patio is a must for a nice az day with a cold drink .	patio	positive
the patio is a must for a nice az day with a cold drink .	drink	positive
you are forced to make your neighbors stand up to let you out .	neighbors	negative
just lacking when you put into account the total of your bill .	bill	negative
their customer service skills are way below par for being in the medical industry .	customer service	negative
i like this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
very cute patio and atmosphere .	patio	positive
very cute patio and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
a nice slice of dive in the middle of club town .	dive	positive
that is $ _num_ i 'll never spend on a meal there again .	meal	positive
this place was fun to hang out at .	place	positive
great self storage solution !	self storage solution	positive
the burrito , though it looked fairly plain , actually had very good flavor .	burrito	positive
the burrito , though it looked fairly plain , actually had very good flavor .	flavor	positive
worst place ever !	place	negative
the price was right too .	price	positive
why does this place have such good reviews ?	place	positive
this place holds its own .	place	positive
unfortunately the food and drink did n't measure up .	food	negative
unfortunately the food and drink did n't measure up .	drink	negative
there was a woman helping a customer at the counter where i was browsing .	customer	negative
love this place .	place	positive
always a pretty good time at zipps .	zipps	positive
best chilaquiles in town .	chilaquiles	positive
ordered fettuccine alfredo and the sauce was completely separated .	fettuccine alfredo	negative
ordered fettuccine alfredo and the sauce was completely separated .	sauce	negative
for the traveler on a budget , it would probably work fine .	traveler	positive
the ciabatta bread was cold .	ciabatta bread	negative
great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
top notch amenities with a great rooftop pool and weight room .	rooftop pool	positive
top notch amenities with a great rooftop pool and weight room .	weight room	positive
amazing place to eat .	place	positive
if you have a hangover and need grease , this is your place .	grease	positive
i love the pork tacos .	pork tacos	positive
authentic and good food .	food	positive
to get our food and then _num_ min .	food	positive
this place was amazing !	place	positive
this place has an excellent restaurant !	place	positive
this place has an excellent restaurant !	restaurant	positive
friendly servers and patrons .	servers	positive
friendly servers and patrons .	patrons	positive
we really liked the old time feel .	feel	positive
food is good and so are drinks .	food	positive
food is good and so are drinks .	drinks	positive
but the lounge areas and the view were absolutely gorgeous !	lounge areas	positive
but the lounge areas and the view were absolutely gorgeous !	view	positive
love that you can get beer here too , they also deliver .	beer	positive
coming back with the drinks , the server ( allison , i think ? )	drinks	positive
coming back with the drinks , the server ( allison , i think ? )	server	positive
prices are really reasonable .	prices	positive
the food is too overpriced for what you get .	food	negative
we ended up leaving and hopefully they know how to refund my money .	money	negative
its sweet with that brown sugar topping .	brown sugar topping	positive
we ordered appetizers - nothing special .	appetizers	negative
this dessert was the biggest let down .	dessert	negative
cute , family friendly atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	place	negative
if you love the dive bar atmosphere this is the place for you .	dive bar atmosphere	positive
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	food	positive
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	price	positive
they have a great product .	product	positive
i liked this place !	place	positive
sourdough is amazing .	sourdough	positive
the pizza is n't as good as it used to be .	pizza	negative
they have outstanding service and will give you peace of mind .	service	positive
i will not wait an hour for average italian food !	italian food	positive
our waiter was attentive and patient .	waiter	positive
if you want true italian from back east this is your place !	italian	positive
the wings are the best here and the burgers are surprisingly amazing !	wings	positive
the wings are the best here and the burgers are surprisingly amazing !	burgers	positive
bosa is amazing !	bosa	positive
my fianc had oysters and i had halibut ceviche .	fianc	positive
my fianc had oysters and i had halibut ceviche .	oysters	positive
my fianc had oysters and i had halibut ceviche .	halibut ceviche	positive
charleston 's is a great restaurant with top notch food .	food	positive
good happy hour and live entertainment .	happy hour	positive
good happy hour and live entertainment .	live entertainment	positive
the rose water ice cream was crazy good !	rose water ice cream	positive
and there 's a petsmart right next door to boot !	petsmart	positive
amazing back east feel !	back east feel	positive
very good pizza .	pizza	positive
prices way higher and portions way less .	prices	negative
prices way higher and portions way less .	portions	negative
i love samples .	samples	positive
never wiped the seats down either !	seats	positive
the second time around , some of the colors were off .	colors	negative
kudos to crystal for the great job .	job	positive
the service was exceptional .	service	positive
i could n't sleep during the week due to the loud noise .	noise	negative
thank you lori and staff !	staff	positive
i was so impressed with the sales girls being so helpful !	sales girls	positive
thanks for doing all that you do for such a reasonable price !	price	positive
it was n't as if the _num_ waitresses were busy by all means .	waitresses	negative
this place is inside of a gas station with very poor attitude .	gas station	negative
also it was not readily visible to customers entering the premises .	premises	negative
phone line ... completely dead , so back over to the office .	phone line	negative
great food .	food	positive
the pizza was excellent .	pizza	positive
my favorite is queso with spicy pork .	queso with spicy pork	positive
no `` sorry for the wait '' .	wait	negative
great breakfast at a fair price !	breakfast	positive
great breakfast at a fair price !	price	positive
it had the perfect combinations of flavors and was made with delicious fresh cheeses .	fresh cheeses	positive
got plenty of great sauces .	sauces	positive
joe 's has excellent food .	food	positive
the vegetables tasted like ... vegetables ... minus flavor .	vegetables	negative
the vegetables tasted like ... vegetables ... minus flavor .	vegetables	negative
the vegetables tasted like ... vegetables ... minus flavor .	flavor	negative
all the sushi was hot no sign of it ever being cold .	sushi	positive
it 's a great place to go for league bowling and kids birthday parties .	place	positive
it 's a great place to go for league bowling and kids birthday parties .	league bowling	positive
it a super tender fillet .	fillet	positive
tamara is my go to hair gal and always will be !	tamara	positive
tamara is my go to hair gal and always will be !	hair	positive
food was delicious and portion sizes were great !	food	positive
food was delicious and portion sizes were great !	portion sizes	positive
do n't you want my money to do good ?	money	negative
the clientele looks like a bunch of average joes .	clientele	positive
the last time i was here i had exceptional service .	service	positive
the rooms were great , bed comfortable , water pressure was strong !	rooms	positive
the rooms were great , bed comfortable , water pressure was strong !	bed	positive
the rooms were great , bed comfortable , water pressure was strong !	water pressure	positive
really good food .	food	positive
room _num_ i 'll never forget .	room	positive
it took another _num_ min to get the main course .	main course	negative
the pizza tasted and looked like it was just a reheated , frozen pizza .	pizza	negative
the pizza tasted and looked like it was just a reheated , frozen pizza .	pizza	negative
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	place	negative
disappointing food in both our meals .	food	negative
disappointing food in both our meals .	meals	negative
cute really charming spot with sweet staff .	spot	positive
cute really charming spot with sweet staff .	staff	positive
the ladies that work here are very nice .	ladies	positive
i recommend the roaring fork for business or person dining .	roaring fork	positive
i recommend the roaring fork for business or person dining .	business	positive
i recommend the roaring fork for business or person dining .	person dining	positive
nice little place , and unlike other reviewers , we had lovely service .	place	positive
nice little place , and unlike other reviewers , we had lovely service .	service	positive
and fresh coffee is always available .	fresh coffee	positive
the money is well worth it !	money	positive
piece looks flawless .	piece	positive
great food !	food	positive
my family and i love this place .	place	positive
i recommend this place to everyone .	place	positive
i did n't get past the front desk .	front desk	negative
they take reservations and i would definitely make another one !	reservations	negative
wo n't do again , unless i just wanted a bowl of whole beans .	bowl of whole beans	negative
great service .	service	positive
great people to work with .	people	positive
such a cute place !	place	positive
if you like spicy food , this is the place !	spicy food	positive
if you like spicy food , this is the place !	place	positive
and yes ... best chorizo , egg & potato burrito i have ever had .	chorizo , egg & potato burrito	positive
this disappointment of a dish cost about $ _num_ .	dish cost	negative
management really needs to figure this out .	management	negative
do not waste your money here .	money	positive
especially given the _num_ % gratuity they hit us with for a large group .	_num_	positive
service was great and food was even better .	service	positive
service was great and food was even better .	food	positive
when we did get the bill it was in one large bill .	bill	positive
when we did get the bill it was in one large bill .	bill	positive
mediocre at best for concerts .	concerts	negative
i ended up buying store bought tanning products to make myself darker .	tanning products	negative
the arts center has nice architecture and acoustics !	arts	positive
the arts center has nice architecture and acoustics !	architecture	positive
the arts center has nice architecture and acoustics !	acoustics	positive
this restaurant is at the base of the mountain so the view is amazing !	view	positive
called for take out and the service was excellent .	take	positive
called for take out and the service was excellent .	service	positive
all the food lacked seasoning .	food	negative
for my meal i ordered the potstickers -- so delish !	meal	positive
for my meal i ordered the potstickers -- so delish !	potstickers	positive
it also has the most interesting art on marshall way .	art	positive
scheduling was so easy , he is very flexible and accommodated our schedule .	scheduling	positive
scheduling was so easy , he is very flexible and accommodated our schedule .	schedule	positive
their meals are interesting , unique and very delicious for the price .	meals	positive
their meals are interesting , unique and very delicious for the price .	price	positive
good seafood does not happen in the desert .	seafood	positive
the areas used to get ready were small .	areas	negative
$ _num_ for ice tea for _num_ person served in a clear solo cups .	ice tea for _num_	positive
very nice for a fast food joint .	fast food joint	positive
the baja chicken enchilada was pretty good .	baja chicken enchilada	positive
my bathroom is large enough to land a plane !	bathroom	positive
what a rude staff !	staff	negative
best music shop in all of arizona .	music shop	positive
this is , as usual , a great nursery .	nursery	positive
food was hot .	food	positive
this is our favorite place to eat breakfast !	place	positive
this is our favorite place to eat breakfast !	breakfast	positive
the three of us had pasta dishes very good and plenty of food .	pasta dishes	positive
the three of us had pasta dishes very good and plenty of food .	food	positive
i will definitely go back for dinner .	dinner	positive
the only reason i was back was for a concert .	concert	positive
great high school located in scottsdale !	located	positive
my group really enjoyed the outdoor dining on their amazing patio .	outdoor dining	positive
my group really enjoyed the outdoor dining on their amazing patio .	patio	positive
but that can definitely be overlooked with food this amazing !	food	positive
this a little family owned and operated business , which i love .	business	positive
it 's all about the butter and prime !	butter	positive
service was some of the best and friendliest ever .	service	positive
dinner was decent for wedding food and their house wine was n't bad either .	dinner	positive
dinner was decent for wedding food and their house wine was n't bad either .	wedding food	positive
dinner was decent for wedding food and their house wine was n't bad either .	house wine	positive
food was amazing !	food	positive
prices are very reasonable .	prices	positive
this is going to be one of my regular lunch locations for sure !	lunch locations	positive
i grew up in michigan and know good bavarian food .	bavarian food	positive
no spice or whatsoever .	spice	negative
went here for christmas brunch _num_ .	christmas brunch _num_	positive
truly a shame because the facilities are so pretty .	facilities	positive
best place in scottsdale for me .	place	positive
this is a great chiropractic office !	office	positive
i highly recommend them for your tire needs .	tire	positive
flavorful food , fun drinks , accommodating staff , awesome atmosphere .	food	positive
flavorful food , fun drinks , accommodating staff , awesome atmosphere .	drinks	positive
flavorful food , fun drinks , accommodating staff , awesome atmosphere .	staff	positive
flavorful food , fun drinks , accommodating staff , awesome atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i had a chemical peel and it was great .	chemical peel	positive
my friend ordered the meatball sandwich and a side of red potatoes .	meatball sandwich	positive
my friend ordered the meatball sandwich and a side of red potatoes .	side of red potatoes	positive
the people in the store are all really nice too .	people	positive
if you 're ever in south scottsdale , i definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
the pita bread was not fresh at all , way too chewy .	pita bread	negative
i had the shredded beef burrito and a cheese crisp .	shredded beef burrito	positive
i had the shredded beef burrito and a cheese crisp .	cheese crisp	positive
with a lot of options , this place is a no go .	place	negative
ashley was an amazing server .	server	positive
awesome customer service , pricing and install .	customer service	positive
awesome customer service , pricing and install .	pricing	positive
awesome customer service , pricing and install .	install	positive
do n't bother with this dump , huge let down .	dump	negative
a bit pricey for the area but worth a try .	area	negative
_num_ delivered with yellow check engine light on .	delivered	negative
good place to stop and enjoy a meal .	meal	positive
awesome group to go to .	group	positive
for them to do a simple order and they still got it wrong !	order	negative
great place to watch a game .	game	positive
classy , sophisticated , outstanding food , as well as plate presentation .	food	positive
classy , sophisticated , outstanding food , as well as plate presentation .	plate presentation	positive
i have had the crab stuffed lobster many times before .	crab stuffed lobster	positive
i was very impressed with this branch .	branch	positive
it also was supposed to include a cut .	cut	negative
when i get food here , well anywhere .	food	positive
both places i have done great jobs on my vehicles !	vehicles	positive
_num_ minutes passed and i was sitting on a chair still waiting .	chair	negative
the service was very attentive and good .	service	positive
great breakfast - food and service .	breakfast	positive
great breakfast - food and service .	food	positive
great breakfast - food and service .	service	positive
the happy hour on the weekend is a smoking deal .	happy hour	positive
i love the food and enjoy dining here .	food	positive
i love the food and enjoy dining here .	dining	positive
the atmosphere was nice and our server was very friendly .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere was nice and our server was very friendly .	server	positive
great little chinese place for a quick lunch .	chinese place	positive
great little chinese place for a quick lunch .	lunch	positive
me : ( thinking how does she stay in business ? )	business	positive
by far one of the best meals i 've had to this day .	meals	positive
beautiful walk around old town scottsdale when you 've eaten too much .	scottsdale	positive
the service was amazing .	service	positive
the fried rice tasted like it was weeks old .	fried rice	negative
sat down , was greeted by the waitress immediately and ordered my drink .	waitress	positive
sat down , was greeted by the waitress immediately and ordered my drink .	drink	positive
mark kia has customer service down to a science !	customer service	positive
my hair looks beautiful .	hair	positive
i saw _num_ go by once i finished my meal .	meal	negative
i really liked how it was in a house .	house	positive
walked around the store for _num_ minutes with no acknowledgement from the staff .	store	negative
walked around the store for _num_ minutes with no acknowledgement from the staff .	staff	negative
neither of the women were very nice or professional .	women	negative
not a discount offered .	discount	negative
now that is what i call customer service in its finest !	customer service	positive
after _num_ minutes we gave up , paid for our drinks and went home .	drinks	negative
overall , it 's a solid spot to grab a quick bite .	spot	positive
before tonight 's meal , i would 've easily given _num_ stars .	meal	positive
the service was wonderful and quick too .	service	positive
amazing tour !	tour	positive
especially during their happy hour !	happy	positive
had a great time here with a big party .	party	positive
the food is excellent and the service was great by the pool !	food	positive
the food is excellent and the service was great by the pool !	service	positive
the food is excellent and the service was great by the pool !	pool	positive
great place !	place	positive
teppan tables are fun for special occasions .	teppan tables	positive
it makes your customers uncomfortable .	customers	negative
though busy in the late mornings on weekends , service is fast , friendly .	service	positive
kfc used to be one of my favorite places .	kfc	positive
it was hot , but there was absolutely no flavor ... or texture .	flavor	negative
it was hot , but there was absolutely no flavor ... or texture .	texture	negative
the atmosphere is awesome with a real intimate setting .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is awesome with a real intimate setting .	setting	positive
the tortilla bread service with butter was the highlight .	tortilla bread service with butter	positive
they are always so good with questions and so positive !	questions	positive
love , love , love this company .	company	positive
was gorgeous of course & they were as nice as pie .	pie	positive
that 's a big ole fail on you .	fail	negative
salsa is unique and has great kick , served with homemade chips .	salsa	positive
salsa is unique and has great kick , served with homemade chips .	served	positive
salsa is unique and has great kick , served with homemade chips .	homemade chips	positive
great place to chill on the patio with friends !	place	positive
great place to chill on the patio with friends !	patio	positive
me and two girlfriends went to malee 's for lunch .	lunch	positive
i always get danny 's special .	danny	positive
not a resort .	resort	negative
however , gammage is a poor venue and badly needs updating .	venue	negative
you 're here for mass quantities , not subtle qualities .	quantities	positive
the service was excellent , no complaints !	service	positive
the atmosphere is clean , quiet , and relaxed .	atmosphere	positive
the app we got sucked as well .	app	negative
very nice pieces , especially at _num_ % off .	pieces	positive
very reasonable prices , good service , and very generous portions !	prices	positive
very reasonable prices , good service , and very generous portions !	service	positive
very reasonable prices , good service , and very generous portions !	portions	positive
this was one of the best mexican restaurants we 've been to .	mexican restaurants	positive
and the teppan chefs are amazing and entertaining !	teppan chefs	positive
laura is still the queen of making me look clean and pretty !	laura	positive
incredible food , unbelievably perfect customer service .	food	positive
incredible food , unbelievably perfect customer service .	customer service	positive
its not an all you can eat & drink event .	drink	negative
the delivery guys will never bring the pizza to my door .	delivery guys	negative
the delivery guys will never bring the pizza to my door .	pizza	negative
pizza is okay , not great but not bad either .	pizza	positive
you can get better gyros at many other places in the valley .	gyros	positive
since i did n't inventory my bag it makes it even worse .	bag	negative
my friends were very impressed with the ambiance , service and the margaritas !	ambiance	positive
my friends were very impressed with the ambiance , service and the margaritas !	service	positive
my friends were very impressed with the ambiance , service and the margaritas !	margaritas	positive
the atmosphere is so appropriate for the menu .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is so appropriate for the menu .	menu	positive
i really want to like this hotel .	hotel	positive
great food , great wine .	food	positive
great food , great wine .	wine	positive
best breakfast around .	breakfast	positive
would definitely recommend bandera to a friends .	bandera	positive
had a bit of the w feel but it was bright and airy inside .	w feel	negative
small little place but it was amazing .	place	positive
great service , and friendly staff .	service	positive
great service , and friendly staff .	staff	positive
the sauces are too thick , salty and not subtle .	sauces	negative
and dad was loving his burger .	burger	positive
the staff is very professional and caring .	staff	positive
after being seated it took _num_ minutes to get a waiter .	waiter	negative
among this list is an alignment sheet saying my car is out of alignment .	alignment sheet	negative
great spa with awesome staff .	spa	positive
great spa with awesome staff .	staff	positive
value for money - very low .	value for money	negative
his service overall was very good .	service	positive
the staff is friendly .	staff	positive
my double cheese burger and medium fries were trash worthy .	double cheese burger	negative
my double cheese burger and medium fries were trash worthy .	medium fries	negative
good neighborhood eating and drinking establishment .	neighborhood eating	positive
good neighborhood eating and drinking establishment .	drinking establishment	positive
the atmosphere is comfortable for any group .	atmosphere	positive
nothing was outstanding , but it was definitely worth the money .	money	positive
the wine list was pretty extensive and had nice , good wines .	wine list	positive
the wine list was pretty extensive and had nice , good wines .	wines	positive
feel free to read my review on that horrible dinner experience as well .	dinner	negative
fun place for kids n fam .	place	positive
fun place for kids n fam .	kids	positive
and maintenance _num_ hours ?	maintenance _num_	positive
i hate that this is the closest walgreens to me .	walgreens	negative
prices seem , for the most part , good .	prices	positive
if the food had been outstanding , maybe i 'd try again .	food	positive
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	atmosphere	positive
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	food	positive
i am so glad i found this place a few years ago .	place	positive
the cable cuts out every _num_ minutes and goes to a blue screen .	cable	negative
the cable cuts out every _num_ minutes and goes to a blue screen .	screen	negative
extremely nice staff .	staff	positive
waste of time , will never go back there or any discount tire again .	discount tire	negative
my fajitas were very bland in flavor .	fajitas	negative
the service is amazing and the owners are amazing .	service	positive
the service is amazing and the owners are amazing .	owners	positive
they can fix any piece of clothing you bring to them .	clothing	negative
food was over priced , terrible and it took over an hour .	food	negative
food was over priced , terrible and it took over an hour .	priced	negative
i do n't know why it has such high ratings .	ratings	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
wonderful treatment of rice .	treatment of rice	positive
the food was excellent .	food	positive
service was not so good for a slow night .	service	negative
this place sucks .	place	negative
great food !	food	positive
the food and cake were delicious and our guests even requested seconds !	food	positive
the food and cake were delicious and our guests even requested seconds !	cake	positive
this is a top _num_ mexican food spot !	mexican food spot	positive
i came here to visit friends and have dinner @ elements .	dinner	positive
this is the best kept lunch secret in town !	lunch	positive
always great clothing and they had plenty in my size .	clothing	positive
just not when it actually matters for their residents .	residents	negative
great local place .	local place	positive
the location , views , and grounds are all unbeatable .	location	positive
the location , views , and grounds are all unbeatable .	views	positive
the location , views , and grounds are all unbeatable .	grounds	positive
just plain old nasty food !	food	negative
mediocre food .	food	negative
i 'm a bit surprised about the comments on here .	comments	negative
hands down best mexican restaurant in town !	mexican	positive
the mushrooms were stuffed with seafood and had a cream sauce and balsamic glaze .	mushrooms	positive
the mushrooms were stuffed with seafood and had a cream sauce and balsamic glaze .	seafood	negative
the mushrooms were stuffed with seafood and had a cream sauce and balsamic glaze .	cream sauce	positive
the mushrooms were stuffed with seafood and had a cream sauce and balsamic glaze .	balsamic glaze	positive
the doctor was so nice and answered all my questions .	doctor	positive
besides all that , the food was amazing .	food	positive
service here is slow .	service	negative
this is an awesome rv park .	rv park	positive
the meat they use on that burger is delish !	meat	positive
the meat they use on that burger is delish !	burger	positive
bagels are so good and they have the best breakfast sandwiches .	bagels	positive
bagels are so good and they have the best breakfast sandwiches .	breakfast sandwiches	positive
the number six special is my regular .	number six special	positive
other hot entrees and sandwiches passed by that looked incredible , and hearty .	hot entrees	positive
other hot entrees and sandwiches passed by that looked incredible , and hearty .	sandwiches	positive
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .	dessert	positive
this place has a very interesting setting and a really wonderful patio .	setting	positive
this place has a very interesting setting and a really wonderful patio .	patio	positive
great late night menu !	menu	positive
service is great as well .	service	positive
friendly waitstaff .	waitstaff	positive
everyone in my group loved their food .	food	positive
the decor was nice and simple , but contemporary .	decor	positive
might i add the biscuits are delicious !	biscuits	positive
i have never had service so bad before .	service	positive
our waiter was not the only rude one , either .	waiter	positive
holy mother of god this place is amazing !	place	positive
i ca n't get past how crowded and busy and this place is .	place	negative
you will most likely sink if you lightly bump against a river rock .	river rock	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
they always get my order wrong .	order	negative
best filet in scottsdale !	filet	positive
i had the queso dip and fish tacos and they were very good !	queso dip	positive
i had the queso dip and fish tacos and they were very good !	fish tacos	positive
i love ice cream and i am a fan of baskin robbins .	ice cream	positive
i love ice cream and i am a fan of baskin robbins .	baskin	positive
they might do better if they made food for adults .	food	negative
great environment !	environment	positive
it was n't even cooked and all the veggies were in a separate container .	veggies	negative
it was n't even cooked and all the veggies were in a separate container .	container	negative
the price is good as well .	price	positive
best pizza in scottsdale , solid everytime .	pizza	positive
best sports bar ever !	sports bar	positive
we left , made sure the manager knew .	manager	positive
and an extra $ _num_ for using a credit card ?	$	positive
and an extra $ _num_ for using a credit card ?	credit card	negative
another negative is nearly everything is fried .	fried	negative
this place is good .	place	positive
fried zucchini was also pretty tasty .	fried zucchini	positive
apparently they carry seconds and have no customer service .	customer service	negative
super disappointed with the customer service here .	customer service	negative
they also sell a lot of nice hair products in the front .	hair products	positive
nice selection of stuff .	selection of stuff	positive
best german food in town , live music on fridays .	german food	positive
best german food in town , live music on fridays .	live music	positive
will definitely be ordering from here again !	ordering	negative
none of the people behind the cash register could tell me what anything was .	cash register	negative
we sat down patiently for _num_ minutes without service .	service	negative
so he finally got to eat more after _num_ minutes of cooling .	cooling	positive
drinks again were left bone dry .	drinks	negative
very good approach to typically recognized dishes .	dishes	positive
`` `` '' '' good food .	food	positive
one of the best gyro places in arizona !	gyro places	positive
the cheese cake had no crust but was decent .	cheese cake	positive
the cheese cake had no crust but was decent .	crust	positive
nice outside setting .	outside setting	positive
the chef did n't speak english and would just yell at us .	chef	negative
overall , a pleasant and tasty meal .	meal	positive
their sandwich bread is amazing and their sandwiches are huge !	sandwich bread	positive
their sandwich bread is amazing and their sandwiches are huge !	sandwiches	positive
nice server chick is the only reason why i give this place _num_ stars .	server chick	positive
nice server chick is the only reason why i give this place _num_ stars .	place	positive
typical home depot .	home depot	positive
heat up leftovers the next day .	heat	negative
there was a good accordion player and the apple strudel was great .	accordion player	positive
there was a good accordion player and the apple strudel was great .	apple strudel	positive
very pleasant staff .	staff	positive
everyone i know here loves this place .	place	positive
taste is average and not worth the cost .	taste	negative
taste is average and not worth the cost .	cost	negative
went to midas to get an oil change .	oil change	positive
very central location , nice swimming pools ( and heated ! )	location	positive
very central location , nice swimming pools ( and heated ! )	swimming pools	positive
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	donuts	positive
it was another great experience visually and food was delicious as usual !	food	positive
excellent seafood , not greasy , & light coating if you are ordering fried .	seafood	positive
the food is thoughtful , modern , well balanced .	food	positive
the place was packed and there was only one grill available .	place	negative
the place was packed and there was only one grill available .	grill	negative
the reviews all look very positive as they should be .	reviews	positive
the food came out hot , well prepared .	food	positive
when they arrived at the table , both had sour cream on top .	sour cream	negative
i love their chips and salsa .	chips and salsa	positive
tatiana nailed it .	tatiana	positive
instead we got dry tortillas ... at pita pit .	dry tortillas	negative
very nice atmosphere inside .	atmosphere	positive
the worst thing was the acoustics in the restaurant .	acoustics	negative
absolutely the worst pizza i 've ever had .	pizza	negative
never refilled our drinks .	drinks	negative
speaking of the food , its great !	food	positive
the salsa is amazing too !	salsa	positive
they do n't really have variety of selections to choose from .	selections	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
employees would not honor prices on their own website during memorial day weekend .	employees	negative
employees would not honor prices on their own website during memorial day weekend .	prices	negative
no service for the first _num_ mins we were there .	service	negative
definitely not worth the wait though .	wait	negative
i was not given the hot oil treatment i purchased .	hot oil treatment	negative
the perfect local spot for a great meal .	local spot	positive
the perfect local spot for a great meal .	meal	positive
the roaring fork has wonderful food and fantastic customer service .	food	positive
the roaring fork has wonderful food and fantastic customer service .	customer service	positive
always take care of my and my staff when we come in .	staff	positive
i love elmer 's and everyone that works there .	elmer	positive
pretty cool place .	place	positive
boy was the horseradish spicy and i loved it !	horseradish spicy	positive
there was not a lot of tzatziki sauce so it was kinda dry .	tzatziki sauce	negative
great pricing considering they deliver .	pricing	positive
worse customer service .	customer service	negative
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	color	positive
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	cut	positive
the staff is friendly and the skinny margaritas are delicious .	staff	positive
the staff is friendly and the skinny margaritas are delicious .	skinny margaritas	positive
tables are always a mess !	tables	negative
from my last experience i will never go or recommend the phoenician again .	phoenician	negative
went here in search of a falafel fix .	falafel fix	positive
also has great customer service and a good location in old town .	customer service	positive
also has great customer service and a good location in old town .	location	positive
if a sundae could be bland , this was .	sundae	negative
very clean and has a good scottsdale feel .	scottsdale feel	positive
is n't it my choice what i do with my money ?	money	negative
tasty food , great prices , prompt , friendly service .	food	positive
tasty food , great prices , prompt , friendly service .	prices	positive
tasty food , great prices , prompt , friendly service .	service	positive
they work fast and always give great customer service !	customer service	positive
nasty people .	people	negative
my fiance ordered the cinnamon roll french toast and it was amazing !	cinnamon roll french toast	positive
one of my favorite restaurants in scottsdale .	restaurants	positive
we stayed in a one bedroom suite for most of our stay .	suite	positive
it was flat , and had no flavor whatsoever .	flavor	negative
get my point ?	point	positive
my mom had an egg salad sandwich and it was completely bland .	egg salad sandwich	negative
our drinks were dry and chip basket was empty .	drinks	negative
our drinks were dry and chip basket was empty .	chip basket	negative
spicy mexican for him and amazing seafood or a great salad for me .	seafood	positive
spicy mexican for him and amazing seafood or a great salad for me .	salad	positive
their complimentary happy hour is also a great touch .	happy	positive
horrible prices for low quality food .	prices	negative
horrible prices for low quality food .	food	negative
my new favorite cold treat .	cold treat	positive
wings and drinks were great .	wings	positive
wings and drinks were great .	drinks	positive
eyecare plus is the best i have experienced in arizona .	eyecare	positive
but if you 're a sports fan , the atmosphere is terrific .	atmosphere	positive
the office employees are not very bright .	office employees	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
love this place !	place	positive
no women customers was interesting .	customers	negative
i love this cleaners !	cleaners	positive
the best chicken i have ever had .	chicken	positive
but really , _num_ stars ?	stars	positive
definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
visiting from out of town and went to the breakfast club .	breakfast club	positive
almost enough to ruin an entire plate .	plate	negative
you must try the wild berry pancakes .	wild berry pancakes	positive
great food , wine , and atmosphere !	food	positive
great food , wine , and atmosphere !	wine	positive
great food , wine , and atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
the salon is clean and very cute .	salon	positive
the ice cream was delicious .	ice cream	positive
overall , a very good meal , for a reasonable cost .	meal	positive
overall , a very good meal , for a reasonable cost .	cost	positive
my favorite coffee shop for sure !	coffee shop	positive
staff is friendly , efficient , and totally understanding when it comes to payments .	staff	positive
staff is friendly , efficient , and totally understanding when it comes to payments .	payments	positive
the sauce on the meat was too heavy with lemon .	sauce on the meat	negative
the sauce on the meat was too heavy with lemon .	lemon	negative
i hand him my ticket and he takes out my shoes .	ticket	positive
i hand him my ticket and he takes out my shoes .	shoes	positive
the food and service were amazing .	food	positive
the food and service were amazing .	service	positive
the service was top notch !	service	positive
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	management	negative
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	golf	negative
always a fun time .	time	positive
they gave us two plates of white rice that were approximately three cups each .	plates of white rice	positive
the cut cost $ _num_ but it was more like a $ _num_ cut .	cut cost	negative
i also love their drink options .	drink options	positive
i can always count on an appointment at the time i want .	appointment	positive
the food here was way too salty and bland .	food	negative
we always have a great experience at cowboy ciao .	cowboy ciao	positive
the food was n't terrible .	food	positive
the food was cold with no flavor .	food	negative
i am not trying to get free stuff .	stuff	positive
boo , not very good customer service .	customer service	negative
the carne asada burrito is awesome !	carne asada burrito	positive
it 's a great place to stop by for a treat .	treat	positive
the chicken kebab was dry and obviously reheated .	chicken kebab	negative
love this store !	store	positive
camelback mountain is right outside the window .	camelback mountain	positive
it is very expensive , very high quality and very traditional .	quality	negative
the chicken was overdone , but the taste of the sauce was good .	chicken	negative
the chicken was overdone , but the taste of the sauce was good .	taste	positive
the chicken was overdone , but the taste of the sauce was good .	sauce	positive
we were definitely delighted by great food and a great service .	food	positive
we were definitely delighted by great food and a great service .	service	positive
the steaks were top notch and we loved the sweet potato pie side .	steaks	positive
the steaks were top notch and we loved the sweet potato pie side .	sweet potato pie side	positive
they do excellent work and very fair prices .	prices	positive
very fresh , great selection , great service and very fast !	selection	positive
very fresh , great selection , great service and very fast !	service	positive
kitchen is pretty good .	kitchen	positive
love is ... a full tummy of sushi .	sushi	positive
outstanding service !	service	positive
the mother of pearl pool wins me over every time .	mother of pearl pool	positive
it 's a great hole in the wall bar with the biker attitude .	bar	positive
the service and decor are first class .	service	positive
the service and decor are first class .	decor	positive
chris at mike 's body shop did a great job in helping me out .	body shop	positive
she went in the back and returned with four cupcakes smashed into a napkin .	cupcakes	negative
_num_ : my wife order was lost .	wife	negative
few people get cell phone reception in our 1st floor apt .	cell phone reception	negative
gel polish seemed old .	gel polish	negative
salsa is the best !	salsa	positive
nice people , good food , friendly service .	people	positive
nice people , good food , friendly service .	food	positive
nice people , good food , friendly service .	service	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
but , i called midas and they were so great .	midas	positive
the salsa bar is great also .	salsa bar	positive
he showed up on time and his car was clean and comfortable .	car	positive
the salad bar was amazing and the food tasted great .	salad bar	positive
the salad bar was amazing and the food tasted great .	food	positive
payment was very simple and easy .	payment	positive
so the sad thing is , we are n't even tourists , were locals .	locals	negative
laura has now moved to the wind and water spa in scottsdale .	wind	positive
laura has now moved to the wind and water spa in scottsdale .	water spa	positive
love love love this store !	store	positive
so the waitress sad `` ok '' and turned around and walked away .	waitress	negative
fresh ingredients , thick sliced pepperoni , delicious sauce and quality cheese .	ingredients	positive
fresh ingredients , thick sliced pepperoni , delicious sauce and quality cheese .	sliced pepperoni	positive
fresh ingredients , thick sliced pepperoni , delicious sauce and quality cheese .	delicious sauce	positive
fresh ingredients , thick sliced pepperoni , delicious sauce and quality cheese .	quality cheese	positive
going to avoid this place from now on .	place	negative
basically i was stuck with this reservation .	reservation	negative
i love this vet office !	vet office	positive
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	food recommendations steak	positive
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	tuna	positive
tottie has managed to create a place that is simply her -- fabulous .	place	positive
i highly recommend this hotel .	hotel	positive
also had the grilled meatloaf for lunch was also great .	grilled meatloaf for lunch	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
excellent service , great food .	service	positive
excellent service , great food .	food	positive
a poor example of mexican food in phoenix .	mexican food	negative
the rooms are clean , spacious .	rooms	positive
nice selection of games to play .	selection of games	positive
one of my favorite local breakfast joints .	breakfast joints	positive
i had friends from back east plan their trips to scottsdale around this festival .	festival	positive
was not offered bread .	bread	negative
he will not consider changing your meds .	meds	negative
they promptly completed the services it did need and charged a fair price .	services	negative
they promptly completed the services it did need and charged a fair price .	price	positive
the aisles are well stocked , organized , and the employees are friendly .	aisles	positive
the aisles are well stocked , organized , and the employees are friendly .	employees	positive
great pairings !	pairings	positive
friendly service .	service	positive
this place does not even deserve a star .	place	negative
this is simply not a good place to feed a hungry family .	place	negative
overall good food and huge portions .	food	positive
overall good food and huge portions .	portions	positive
its the venues , and sometimes the people surrounding them that do n't care .	venues	negative
its the venues , and sometimes the people surrounding them that do n't care .	people	negative
i really enjoy this venue .	venue	positive
pricey for no quality , not even a little quality .	quality	negative
this place is amazing if you have n't been you got ta go .	place	positive
beautiful cake .	cake	positive
i go there with my friends to eat some amazing waffles and hashbrowns .	waffles	positive
i go there with my friends to eat some amazing waffles and hashbrowns .	hashbrowns	positive
so impressed with kendra !	kendra	positive
great food and great service !	food	positive
great food and great service !	service	positive
the employees here clearly hate their jobs .	employees	negative
terrible service .	service	negative
but worst of all is their illegal leasing practices .	leasing practices	negative
great selection of new books !	selection	positive
great gym .	gym	positive
i 'm still waiting on my 2nd key .	2nd key	negative
this little place is a treasure .	place	positive
especially the orange blossom .	orange blossom	positive
they have excellent coffee and espresso drinks .	coffee	positive
they have excellent coffee and espresso drinks .	espresso drinks	positive
this is kind of service that 's rare these days .	service	positive
awesome pastrami on fresh made toasted bread !	pastrami on fresh made toasted bread	positive
the best sushi and service .	sushi	positive
the best sushi and service .	service	positive
another hour passes by , i called again - the line was busy .	line	negative
i will never go to the tempe improv again .	tempe improv	negative
this is a fantastic school .	school	positive
food is mediocre , but mostly it 's the staff that ruins it .	food	negative
food is mediocre , but mostly it 's the staff that ruins it .	staff	negative
i would completely recommend this venue to everyone !	venue	positive
the pad thai was very good , but a touch too spicy .	pad thai	positive
i would n't even give the store a second chance .	store	negative
very good food and great friendly service .	food	positive
very good food and great friendly service .	service	positive
the creme brulee is the highest quality i have had in the east valley .	creme brulee	positive
friendly staff .	staff	positive
i 'm a customer for life !	customer	positive
_num_ minutes pass , no check came even though our table had been cleared .	check	negative
_num_ minutes pass , no check came even though our table had been cleared .	table	negative
but like the garlic knots , the dough itself offered very little flavor .	garlic knots	negative
but like the garlic knots , the dough itself offered very little flavor .	dough	negative
but like the garlic knots , the dough itself offered very little flavor .	flavor	negative
we absolutely loved carlsbad tavern !	carlsbad tavern	positive
the food ... fantastic !	food	positive
i want everyone to go and see randy !	randy	positive
the owner here is always angry and never appreciated business .	owner	negative
ordered the barbecue beef sub and could not even finish it , so gross .	barbecue beef sub	negative
fortunately i got out with out with only the tiger shrimp appetizer .	tiger shrimp appetizer	negative
one of the best decisions i 've ever made !	decisions	positive
the tempura was okay , but the sauce served with it was rather bland .	tempura	positive
the tempura was okay , but the sauce served with it was rather bland .	sauce served	negative
customer service totally horrible .	customer service	negative
our server doc : ) was professional and attentive .	server doc	positive
_num_ teachers in one year .	teachers	positive
more than half the stale chips had nothing on them .	stale chips	negative
the environment was great too .	environment	positive
poor sushi selection .	sushi selection	negative
the service itself was n't bad .	service	positive
false advertisement at its best urban .	advertisement	negative
do n't try to trick us common mesa folk with your fancy italian .	mesa	negative
do n't try to trick us common mesa folk with your fancy italian .	italian	positive
i feel like i tasted more tortilla than meat .	tortilla	negative
i feel like i tasted more tortilla than meat .	meat	negative
what a fantastic company !	company	positive
lively vibe here with many locals .	vibe	positive
the manager whom is a lady was very rude and could care less .	manager	negative
do n't believe their ads .	ads	negative
so i have to go to the famous scottsdale plumbing co .	plumbing co	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
cool staff and always tons of equipment open to use .	staff	positive
cool staff and always tons of equipment open to use .	equipment	positive
the place is dirty and smells bad , the employees are n't even clean .	place	negative
the place is dirty and smells bad , the employees are n't even clean .	employees	negative
sat down and told the waiter we were only here for one shot .	waiter	negative
get off your high horse people !	people	negative
if it was just the ranch or the onions and mustard , no biggie .	ranch	positive
if it was just the ranch or the onions and mustard , no biggie .	onions and mustard	positive
this is my favorite place to go after work and while on break !	place	positive
service was stellar !	service	positive
best place in bell road .	bell road	positive
staff is prompt and pleasant .	staff	positive
the cheese crisp with guacamole on the side is crazy good .	cheese crisp with guacamole	positive
the staff was very friendly .	staff	positive
awesome job and nice guy !	job	positive
awesome job and nice guy !	guy	positive
i love the style and the quality of everything is excellent .	style	positive
i love the style and the quality of everything is excellent .	quality	positive
the waiter must have said `` i 'm sorry '' literally _num_ times .	waiter	negative
have been going there for years - always great service .	service	positive
believe me i 've been a manager at a ruth 's chris before !	manager	positive
the herbs in the sauce came through much better and the crust was wonderful .	herbs in the sauce	positive
the herbs in the sauce came through much better and the crust was wonderful .	crust	positive
love love love this place !	place	positive
so , why only one star ?	star	negative
very relaxed atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
and their pizza is delicious .	pizza	positive
ordered takeout and did n't check it before leaving !	takeout	negative
i would definitely recommend this storage facility .	storage facility	positive
what can i say the store is clean and everyone is friendly .	store	positive
a+ for experience and a+ for food .	food	positive
during our entire dining experience they made no mention of my birthday to us .	dining	negative
and this locations lack of attention to detail .	locations	negative
took my money , nothing .	money	negative
just a wonderful bar !	bar	positive
but we did n't run the card , you did . ''	card	negative
even the pizza is among my favorites in town .	pizza	positive
amazing , legit chill spot nothing fancy awesomeness ... .	chill spot	positive
the people that come are friendly as is the staff .	people	positive
the people that come are friendly as is the staff .	staff	positive
we did n't order any food so i ca n't comment on that .	food	negative
the sushi is always great , the patio divine !	sushi	positive
the sushi is always great , the patio divine !	patio	positive
and i never come to the er for pain i just deal with it .	pain	negative
all salad bar items were stocked and fresh .	salad bar items	positive
best green corn tamales around .	green corn tamales	positive
we love the laid back atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
what makes me angry is the waitress not telling me i was being charged .	waitress	negative
my beet salad ... great .	beet salad	positive
purchased a groupon for spa mani/pedi , amazing deal !	spa mani/pedi	positive
the staff here is excellent , very caring .	staff	positive
my approach to dining ... make it count .	dining	positive
fantastic service , fast and friendly .	service	positive
i highly recommend checking this place out , it exceeded my expectations .	place	positive
the price is great .	price	positive
the room was nice and clean .	room	positive
the food is good as well as the frosty beverages .	food	positive
the food is good as well as the frosty beverages .	beverages	positive
everyone in my party was happy with their food .	food	positive
i also always order the same family shared feast with filet and chicken .	family	positive
i also always order the same family shared feast with filet and chicken .	feast	positive
i also always order the same family shared feast with filet and chicken .	filet	positive
i also always order the same family shared feast with filet and chicken .	chicken	positive
ca n't believe they call this pho .	pho	negative
i love trim time !	trim time	positive
best italian food in the valley and it 's convenient !	italian food	positive
sometime ease of convenience is worth more than taste .	taste	positive
he tells me , it came in but it was the wrong key .	key	negative
definitely one of my favorite restaurants !	restaurants	positive
the lady was really good and fast .	lady	positive
do n't bother with this place .	place	negative
i went here with a friend for dinner and we had a great time !	dinner	positive
shelly the bartender is so awesome .	bartender	positive
consistently outstanding food .	food	positive
impressive wine list .	wine list	positive
great customer service from the hostess , waiter and owner .	customer service	positive
great customer service from the hostess , waiter and owner .	hostess	positive
great customer service from the hostess , waiter and owner .	waiter	positive
great customer service from the hostess , waiter and owner .	owner	positive
we ordered two pizzas , a salad , and soda at 6:00 .	pizzas	positive
we ordered two pizzas , a salad , and soda at 6:00 .	salad	positive
we ordered two pizzas , a salad , and soda at 6:00 .	soda	positive
store is really dirty in general ; floors are gross and shelves disgusting .	floors	negative
store is really dirty in general ; floors are gross and shelves disgusting .	shelves	negative
he even has his own cigars that are really good !	cigars	positive
love the pork green chile .	pork green chile	positive
food is good .	food	positive
penny is amazing !	penny	positive
the bed is n't comfortable .	bed	negative
blue adobe 's nachos have excellent shredded beef in generous portions .	shredded beef	positive
blue adobe 's nachos have excellent shredded beef in generous portions .	portions	positive
best and cheapest donuts in the valley .	donuts	positive
purchased a number _num_ meal beef taco with enchilada and beans and rice .	beef taco with enchilada and beans and rice	positive
good service ... good food ... winning combination !	service	positive
good service ... good food ... winning combination !	food	positive
love going to walgreen for my cheaper make up .	make up	positive
the staff is very friendly and thorough .	staff	positive
diana in the sales office was a delight to worth with !	sales office	positive
i ca n't tell you how great this place is .	place	positive
my girlfriend really liked the mandarin wheat as well .	mandarin wheat	positive
no amount of cleaning you do will be good enough to not be charged .	cleaning	negative
the green chilis were tough and needed a steak knife to cut .	green chilis	negative
the green chilis were tough and needed a steak knife to cut .	steak knife	negative
anyway , there are too many other places to buy a used car .	used	negative
spicy .	spicy	positive
the cake was delicious , it looked gorgeous .	cake	positive
the staff are courteous , friendly and excellent at their job .	staff	positive
the service was very slow and the restaurant floor was very grimy .	service	negative
the service was very slow and the restaurant floor was very grimy .	restaurant floor	negative
great for families .	families	positive
i was served the most disgusting salad once there .	served	negative
i was served the most disgusting salad once there .	salad	negative
would recommend - great food !	food	positive
elite customer service and compassionate pricing .	customer service	positive
elite customer service and compassionate pricing .	pricing	positive
the sizes were not clearly marked and the woman did n't care .	sizes	negative
the sizes were not clearly marked and the woman did n't care .	woman	negative
made with processed turkey and ham .	processed turkey and ham	positive
tickets were $ _num_ and the place was packed .	tickets	negative
tickets were $ _num_ and the place was packed .	place	negative
the bowling is super affordable and you wo n't find better for these prices .	bowling	positive
the bowling is super affordable and you wo n't find better for these prices .	prices	negative
unfortunately the management company would not work with them & locked the doors .	management company	negative
i got so sick from their food that i had to do it .	food	negative
extremely impressed with the improvement of service and quality of food with this restaurant .	service	positive
extremely impressed with the improvement of service and quality of food with this restaurant .	quality of food	positive
breakfast and bloody marry on the weekends !	breakfast	positive
it has a very midwest feel with the menu and the people .	menu	positive
it has a very midwest feel with the menu and the people .	people	positive
the service was also very good .	service	positive
the place is very rundown , it needs some major paint and upgrades .	place	negative
the place is very rundown , it needs some major paint and upgrades .	paint	negative
( testing out this new iphone app ! )	iphone app	positive
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .	meal	negative
you may want to revisit your sales techniques la fitness .	sales techniques	positive
the shrimp was n't that good , either .	shrimp	negative
will definitely be hitting this spot again .	spot	negative
a+ for aaa service .	aaa service	positive
do not support this store .	store	negative
i recommend the carne asada nachos .	carne asada nachos	positive
our server was the perfect blend of attentive but not hovering .	server	positive
this car was terrible .	car	negative
why has this chain not closed yet with its 19th ' menu .	menu	positive
very nice staff .	staff	positive
these people were very friendly and very helpful .	people	positive
i love visiting this bar during the holidays .	bar	positive
they make their pancakes with peanut oil .	pancakes	positive
they make their pancakes with peanut oil .	peanut oil	positive
keep up the good work !	work	positive
jimmy was our bartender and made a great drink and they were reasonably priced .	bartender	positive
jimmy was our bartender and made a great drink and they were reasonably priced .	drink	positive
jimmy was our bartender and made a great drink and they were reasonably priced .	priced	positive
the food , atmosphere and service were impeccable !	food	positive
the food , atmosphere and service were impeccable !	atmosphere	positive
the food , atmosphere and service were impeccable !	service	positive
fixed price _num_ course menu .	price _num_ course menu	positive
best pharmacy ever ... .	pharmacy	positive
inattentive service and dirty too .	service	negative
most enthusiastic taco bell people ever .	taco bell people	positive
the chef was funny and great at his job !	chef	positive
we came here for dessert and picked the right spot .	dessert	positive
we came here for dessert and picked the right spot .	spot	positive
that 's right ... i 'm reviewing a denny 's !	denny 's	positive
the second day had a veggie scramble that was fantastic .	veggie scramble	positive
this is pizza not lasagna .	pizza	negative
this is pizza not lasagna .	lasagna	negative
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .	crew	positive
he is awesome at coloring , cutting and styling .	coloring	positive
all in all , the customer service and work performed were high quality .	customer service	positive
excellent service and every dish is flavorful .	service	positive
excellent service and every dish is flavorful .	dish	positive
the same owners , same great food and service .	owners	positive
the same owners , same great food and service .	food	positive
the same owners , same great food and service .	service	positive
the prices here are way too high for what you get .	prices	negative
excellent service !	service	positive
place is pretty great .	place	positive
you will receive the shit from the owner if you do this .	shit	negative
you will receive the shit from the owner if you do this .	owner	negative
so once seated , service was super slow , tap water , really ?	service	negative
so once seated , service was super slow , tap water , really ?	tap water	negative
great selection of great boots .	selection	positive
great selection of great boots .	boots	positive
plus the place was like almost empty .	place	negative
properly train your servers .	servers	positive
until the waitress talked my friends into another type of vodka .	waitress	negative
this place was truly stellar .	place	positive
the place is huge , but pretty much empty when we got there .	place	positive
best place to go in scottsdale !	place	positive
the owner is a very welcoming person , make sure to talk to him .	owner	positive
it will be a cold day before i would buy anything from this place .	place	negative
the happy hour is great .	happy hour	positive
ok , now this place is n't looking too good .	place	negative
empanadas & shrimp wrapped in bacon .	empanadas	positive
empanadas & shrimp wrapped in bacon .	shrimp wrapped in bacon	positive
my veal with prosciutto and peas was memorable .	veal with prosciutto and peas	positive
pastas are also great .	pastas	positive
this place is okay ... not my top choice for thai .	place	positive
this place is okay ... not my top choice for thai .	thai	positive
i quite possibly will never go to another jiffy lube .	jiffy lube	positive
everything from the service to the food is perfect .	service	positive
everything from the service to the food is perfect .	food	positive
the staff was super nice too .	staff	positive
five people waiting to get their haircut , one dude .	haircut	negative
shrimp was okay and the fries were good too .	shrimp	positive
shrimp was okay and the fries were good too .	fries	positive
so all this time you could 've had my dress done in _num_ hrs ?	dress	negative
great job .	job	positive
cute place , lots of stuff !	place	positive
do not go through the drive through .	drive	negative
but my order was completely wrong and not complete .	order	negative
food & service was amazing !	food	positive
food & service was amazing !	service	positive
great italian food & import beers on tap .	italian food	positive
wish i could give this place _num_ stars .	place	positive
not a fan of the crust though .	crust	negative
omg yum .	omg	positive
the food was delish and perfect for an easter morning after church .	food	positive
food always taste fresh , and the customer service is great .	food	positive
food always taste fresh , and the customer service is great .	customer service	positive
this place is awesome for kids and adults .	place	positive
and their lunch specials are wonderful too .	lunch specials	positive
call ahead to make sure they got your tires ... .	tires	positive
the plumbing in the walls was very loud .	plumbing	negative
please use this dry cleaners if you enjoy wasting your time .	dry cleaners	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
the soup and garlic toast were tasteless .	soup	negative
the soup and garlic toast were tasteless .	garlic toast	negative
the concierge at our hotel recommended the tortilla factory but what a disappointment .	concierge	negative
the concierge at our hotel recommended the tortilla factory but what a disappointment .	tortilla factory	negative
they have a huge beer selection and the prices are very good .	beer selection	positive
they have a huge beer selection and the prices are very good .	prices	positive
stopped here sunday morning for a quick breakfast .	breakfast	positive
why would i goto a cleaner that needs me to inventory my clothes ?	cleaner	negative
why would i goto a cleaner that needs me to inventory my clothes ?	clothes	negative
the owners are so nice that i like supporting their business .	owners	positive
the service was great and would highly recommend !	service	positive
property is great .	property	positive
just crappy customer service .	customer service	negative
service was very good .	service	positive
will never return again , or purchase another vehicle from mark kia .	vehicle	negative
also , do n't get a table there .	table	negative
bartender made a great dirty martini !	bartender	positive
bartender made a great dirty martini !	dirty martini	positive
excellent service and food as always .	service	positive
excellent service and food as always .	food	positive
i think dog food right from the bag would be better .	dog food	positive
i think dog food right from the bag would be better .	bag	positive
she was very rude and the customer service was horrid .	customer service	negative
my co-worker got a sandwich and a breakfast shake .	sandwich	positive
my co-worker got a sandwich and a breakfast shake .	breakfast shake	positive
sadly , a horrible haircut was the result .	haircut	negative
michael in customer service is a gentleman and very sweet .	customer service	positive
bathrooms were disgusting .	bathrooms	negative
awesome darts , awesome juke box !	darts	positive
awesome darts , awesome juke box !	juke box	positive
the cold air poured around the door , which made my adult daughter uncomfortable .	air	negative
the bacon was prepared perfectly as well .	bacon	positive
fantastic shop !	shop	positive
im on a tight tight budget and needed used tires asap .	tires	negative
i got great service .	service	positive
i spent over $ _num_ at their store within a month .	store	negative
it 's a good place to escape for children .	place	positive
best sushi in the valley !	sushi	positive
a half hour food ticket is sad .	food ticket	negative
a little bit pricey but great customer service and fast install without an appointment .	customer service	positive
a little bit pricey but great customer service and fast install without an appointment .	install	positive
beautiful room options , each with unique interiors .	room options	positive
beautiful room options , each with unique interiors .	interiors	positive
thanks dale .	dale	positive
the music the perfect accompaniment for dinner .	music	positive
the music the perfect accompaniment for dinner .	accompaniment	positive
the music the perfect accompaniment for dinner .	dinner	positive
eric was amazing .	eric	positive
loved the pizza here .	pizza	positive
i highly recommend coming here for dinner .	dinner	positive
excellent food , margaritas , service and atmosphere !	food	positive
excellent food , margaritas , service and atmosphere !	margaritas	positive
excellent food , margaritas , service and atmosphere !	service	positive
excellent food , margaritas , service and atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
they changed the interior which is more inviting and open .	interior	positive
lots of service counters .	service counters	positive
the service department are the nicest people !	service department	positive
service was wonderful to match !	service	positive
food was cold and did n't get what i ordered .	food	negative
the staff was highly lazy .	staff	negative
the staff is fantastic and on top of things .	staff	positive
great atmosphere , great eating , great service .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere , great eating , great service .	eating	positive
great atmosphere , great eating , great service .	service	positive
we came here tonight , waited _num_ minutes for a server and left .	server	negative
the veggies , where not steamed enough , and mash seemed old .	veggies	negative
the veggies , where not steamed enough , and mash seemed old .	mash	negative
the lunch was not even warm in temp .	lunch	negative
the asada is heaven !	asada	positive
the christmas show is spectacular and the musicians are top notch .	christmas show	positive
the christmas show is spectacular and the musicians are top notch .	musicians	positive
orange blossom is my favorite !	orange blossom	positive
highest praises to the carlsbad tavern team .	carlsbad tavern team	positive
ambience : large restaurant , always somewhat busy for lunch .	ambience	positive
ambience : large restaurant , always somewhat busy for lunch .	lunch	negative
very professional courteous staff members .	staff	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
_num_ -- bad food .	food	negative
friendly staff but disappointing visit .	staff	positive
the staff was great .	staff	positive
our party ordered a variety of pizza , pasta , salads , steak .	of pizza	positive
our party ordered a variety of pizza , pasta , salads , steak .	pasta	positive
our party ordered a variety of pizza , pasta , salads , steak .	salads	positive
our party ordered a variety of pizza , pasta , salads , steak .	steak	positive
had the mushroom burger and i was very happy with my choice .	mushroom burger	positive
friendly and professional staff .	staff	positive
we cancelled our tv service _num_ months ago .	tv service	negative
cool people working there .	people	positive
i would like to try the breakfast menu and will definitely be back !	breakfast menu	positive
excellent happy hour !	happy	positive
the orange chicken & lettuce wraps are amazing .	orange chicken & lettuce wraps	positive
the produce quality has been pretty good lately .	produce quality	positive
amazing food , great prices , friendly staff , and a great selection .	food	positive
amazing food , great prices , friendly staff , and a great selection .	prices	positive
amazing food , great prices , friendly staff , and a great selection .	staff	positive
the price is reasonable , easy to order and it taste great .	price	positive
if you want excellent customer service , come to this location !	customer service	positive
if you want excellent customer service , come to this location !	location	positive
one of the best places to eat in the phoenix area .	places	positive
why would you put all of that on the same pizza ?	pizza	negative
i love , love , love this place .	place	positive
this place fails .	place	negative
i love this home depot !	home depot	positive
love , love , love the orange blossom beer .	orange blossom beer	positive
the cornbread and roasted artichokes our are favorite appetizers !	cornbread	positive
the cornbread and roasted artichokes our are favorite appetizers !	roasted artichokes	positive
the cornbread and roasted artichokes our are favorite appetizers !	appetizers	positive
cups smelled of old dirty dish water .	cups	negative
cups smelled of old dirty dish water .	dish water	negative
thanks for feeding my love of purses louis !	purses	positive
sitting by the fire pits , listening to the live music is super .	fire pits	positive
sitting by the fire pits , listening to the live music is super .	live music	positive
servers were ok , though seemed very not thrilled to be there .	servers	negative
i ca n't complain about the quality so much .	quality	negative
nice homey feeling at this family ran business .	feeling	positive
but alas , a great massage does not make a spa .	massage	negative
no organized line to order at the counter and the hostess was rude .	line	negative
no organized line to order at the counter and the hostess was rude .	counter	negative
no organized line to order at the counter and the hostess was rude .	hostess	negative
understaffed leads to horrible service on a busy weekend morning .	service	negative
food is great tasting as well !	food	positive
what kind of mcdonalds does n't have that .	mcdonalds	negative
if you are craving thai this is the spot .	spot	positive
service was terrible .	service	negative
do n't waste your time or money here .	money	positive
amazing dinner in the indoor/outdoor room overlooking the pool .	dinner	positive
amazing dinner in the indoor/outdoor room overlooking the pool .	indoor/outdoor room	positive
amazing dinner in the indoor/outdoor room overlooking the pool .	pool	positive
the refried beans are some of the best i 've had .	refried beans	positive
the cut is adorable and works with my fine , limp hair .	cut	positive
the cut is adorable and works with my fine , limp hair .	hair	positive
for a mobile home park it is extremely clean and quiet .	mobile home park	positive
i feel completely relaxed while in the pedicure chair !	pedicure chair	positive
the happy hour from 3pm - 6pm is very excellent .	hour	positive
consistently good food !	food	positive
this is a great place !	place	positive
too damn expensive and the service usually sucks !	service	negative
nail stylist did a great job .	nail	positive
the blue corn flautas are fantastic !	blue corn flautas	positive
i would recommend this place .	place	positive
seriously run the ac you 're so cheap .	ac	positive
lowes sucks !	lowes	negative
the shoe department is good and the kids even better .	shoe department	positive
ill find somewhere else to spend my money i guess .	money	negative
great place !	place	positive
margaritas and lunch with music and great tree coverage .	margaritas	positive
margaritas and lunch with music and great tree coverage .	lunch	positive
margaritas and lunch with music and great tree coverage .	music	positive
margaritas and lunch with music and great tree coverage .	tree coverage	positive
the installation was quick and professional and the product is quality .	installation	positive
the installation was quick and professional and the product is quality .	product	positive
the installation was quick and professional and the product is quality .	quality	positive
love that you can chose heat level .	heat level	positive
my friend got a cheeseburger and i got the prime steak .	cheeseburger	positive
my friend got a cheeseburger and i got the prime steak .	prime steak	positive
new york strip was simply awful .	strip	negative
we all loved the food .	food	positive
and the best breads make the best sandwiches .	breads	positive
and the best breads make the best sandwiches .	sandwiches	positive
my husband asked the waiter how big the portions are for the fettuccine alfredo .	portions	positive
my husband asked the waiter how big the portions are for the fettuccine alfredo .	fettuccine alfredo	positive
great sushi .	sushi	positive
moved here from cali and have been on the quest for good mexican food .	mexican food	positive
you can not find that on most menus period and this is definitely authentic .	menus period	positive
the prices are great !	prices	positive
do not rent these apartments regardless of any deals they are offering .	apartments	negative
first in _num_ , when they were recommended for my wedding dress alterations .	wedding dress alterations	positive
the food is also tasty .	food	positive
great food served in a family friendly environment !	food served	positive
great food served in a family friendly environment !	environment	positive
he 's the best , period .	period	positive
( old people style has its benefits . )	old	positive
great steaks were had by all and the blt wedge was fantastic .	steaks	positive
great steaks were had by all and the blt wedge was fantastic .	blt wedge	positive
i have heard good things about this store and i was greatly disappointed .	store	positive
if this place had better food would of been four stars for sure .	food	positive
no towel service .	towel service	negative
i did a wine flight , which was fun and got a dessert sampler .	wine flight	positive
i did a wine flight , which was fun and got a dessert sampler .	dessert sampler	positive
it 's a real mom and pop place i would highly recommend !	place	positive
yet another outstanding experience of customer service here .	customer service	positive
upon returning from lunch , don called , but he was rude .	lunch	negative
it 's seriously too big to even swim in a tank that small .	tank	negative
i will never again use this pizza place again in my life .	pizza place	negative
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .	brownie desert	positive
the happy hour food prices and drink prices are unbeatable .	food prices	positive
the happy hour food prices and drink prices are unbeatable .	drink prices	positive
the have a nice open bar to wait for your table .	open bar	positive
the have a nice open bar to wait for your table .	table	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
but the mac and cheese was aweful .	mac and cheese	negative
it is here i realized how lame and dumb people can be .	people	negative
do n't waste your time if you need a dependable catering option .	catering option	positive
this is a wonderful place to go for mexican food .	place	positive
this is a wonderful place to go for mexican food .	mexican food	positive
nothing special about this food at all .	food	negative
the salon is beautiful , staff are friendly and helpful .	salon	positive
the salon is beautiful , staff are friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
the staff is always friendly , accomodating , and efficient .	staff	positive
probably the worst customer service i have gotten from a starbucks .	customer service	negative
i check through the room and find no issues .	room	positive
bagel nosh makes me happy in the mornings !	bagel nosh	positive
i do n't understand because my server this time was terrible .	server	negative
well as a resident let me just say you are severely lacking !	resident	negative
the venue was horrible !	venue	negative
the food was great .	food	positive
perhaps not right out of the oven , but still good .	oven	positive
she looked embarrassed and offered us a dessert .	dessert	negative
the breakfast looks reasonable upon purchase but is far better at other budget hotels .	breakfast	positive
amazing carne asada nachos add roasted jalapeo !	carne asada nachos add roasted jalapeo	positive
gas stations serve better coffee .	coffee	negative
made for a memorable anniversary dinner .	anniversary dinner	positive
it was delicious and they cracked it table side .	table	positive
excellent place , nice owner .	place	positive
excellent place , nice owner .	owner	positive
zero crowd .	crowd	negative
walked right in and let justin do his thing .	justin	positive
their breakfast is good old fashion diner food , and they do it well .	breakfast	positive
their breakfast is good old fashion diner food , and they do it well .	diner food	positive
trust me go to macayos or garcia 's instead .	macayos	positive
trust me go to macayos or garcia 's instead .	garcia	positive
great small plates and cheese assortment .	small plates	positive
great small plates and cheese assortment .	cheese assortment	positive
no fries .	fries	negative
the service is always pretty nice .	service	positive
no record of an order placed , yet paid for .	order	negative
really great choices on the menu .	menu	positive
what a wonderful time dolly steamboat gives its passengers !	dolly	positive
this is an old-fashioned family spot .	family spot	positive
great job !	job	positive
the bloody i got was also really good .	bloody	positive
my issue is with the professionalism of the staff .	staff	negative
pleasant surrounding , attentive service and authentic food .	surrounding	positive
pleasant surrounding , attentive service and authentic food .	service	positive
pleasant surrounding , attentive service and authentic food .	food	positive
very impressed with service and excellent food .	service	positive
very impressed with service and excellent food .	food	positive
this place is gold .	place	positive
plus the sourdough bread is great too .	sourdough bread	positive
for persian food in phoenix this is the best place i have been to .	persian food	positive
for persian food in phoenix this is the best place i have been to .	place	positive
we immediately stopped eating and called the waiter to our table .	waiter	negative
we immediately stopped eating and called the waiter to our table .	table	negative
the whole process was excellent .	process	positive
staff very helpful and friendly .	staff	positive
this is the place !	place	positive
a real class act .	class act	positive
great prices !	prices	positive
bring a lot of water because there is n't any on the course .	water	negative
bring a lot of water because there is n't any on the course .	course	negative
everyone loved the mini desserts .	mini desserts	positive
corned beef hash was fresh home made .	corned beef hash	positive
food was amazing lots of flavor .	food	positive
food was amazing lots of flavor .	flavor	positive
the prices are good .	prices	positive
uncle sal 's did a fantastic job and our waitress was great .	waitress	positive
i 'm `` _num_ % sure '' she wont be getting a tip ... .	tip	negative
great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the grounds are colorful and well maintained .	grounds	positive
great price , speedy preparation , overall good food .	price	positive
great price , speedy preparation , overall good food .	food	positive
fun social atmosphere .	social atmosphere	positive
customer service could 've been better .	customer service	negative
just do not plan to have that stuff very long .	stuff	negative
excellent work .	work	positive
great food .	food	positive
they brought the fresh soup and only _num_ had sour cream in it .	fresh soup	negative
they brought the fresh soup and only _num_ had sour cream in it .	sour cream	negative
our experience with this business was positive .	business	positive
really hoping my bank will refund me my money .	bank	positive
really hoping my bank will refund me my money .	money	negative
what a stadium !	stadium	positive
everyone was so kind !	everyone	positive
skip the old town tortilla factory !	tortilla factory	negative
my husband enjoyed his burger and nothing here to break the bank !	burger	positive
this wal-mart have no shopping baskets .	wal-mart	negative
this wal-mart have no shopping baskets .	shopping baskets	negative
great happy hour prices also .	prices	positive
as a general rule , i avoid sushi in arizona .	sushi	negative
i ordered my pizza and left in the comments to add ranch and buffalo .	pizza	negative
i ordered my pizza and left in the comments to add ranch and buffalo .	ranch	negative
they recently added mac and cheese bites to the menu they are amazing !	mac and cheese bites	positive
they recently added mac and cheese bites to the menu they are amazing !	menu	positive
my mother-in-law had the spaghetti alla carbonara .	spaghetti alla carbonara	positive
great service !	service	positive
this place is the best always hot and fresh .	place	positive
they are fast , i received a quote and install date same day .	install	positive
bad service , bad food ... bad everything !	service	negative
bad service , bad food ... bad everything !	food	negative
the service is unfriendly and super slow .	service	negative
great pool and hot tub .	pool	positive
great pool and hot tub .	hot tub	positive
came here for valentines day everything was great .	valentines day	positive
we feel the staff here is inexperienced and needs additional training .	staff	negative
no patrick .	patrick	negative
i went back that day for dinner also ... soo good .	dinner	positive
honey hot and the teriyaki wings are my favorite .	teriyaki wings	positive
good beer selection .	beer selection	positive
it 's more like `` the bad egg '' !	egg	negative
the mac n cheese ( $ _num_ ) is awesome and a bargain !	mac n cheese (	positive
customer service is outstanding and will help you with any questions you have .	customer service	positive
i highly recommend the green chili appetizer , it was incredible .	green chili appetizer	positive
i dream of this beer .	beer	positive
love this place .	place	positive
fast and efficient , even if there is a line .	line	positive
worst management ever .	management	negative
great old style mexican breakfast !	mexican breakfast	positive
nice tomato sauce , just the right amount of cheese .	tomato sauce	positive
nice tomato sauce , just the right amount of cheese .	cheese	positive
they installed a light above my pool table and did an excellent job .	pool table	positive
the business is very clean and close to restaurants .	business	positive
my family loves this place .	place	positive
horrible , horrible food .	food	negative
wow it was the strip mall carnival of the wild west .	strip mall	positive
he was rude and does not belong in the food service industry .	food service	negative
very nice little place to eat .	place	positive
just a little store that sells some bikes and does quality repair work .	store	positive
just a little store that sells some bikes and does quality repair work .	bikes	positive
just a little store that sells some bikes and does quality repair work .	repair	positive
we were pleasantly surprised , the staff was extremely helpful and nice .	staff	positive
meatball grinder also very good .	meatball grinder	positive
one of the best high-end chinese restaurants in the valley .	chinese	positive
our service was excellent , drinks are well priced at $ _num_ .	service	positive
our service was excellent , drinks are well priced at $ _num_ .	drinks	positive
our service was excellent , drinks are well priced at $ _num_ .	priced	positive
the food is so surprisingly tasty , fresh , and healthy .	food	positive
while not as hectic as the other spot , the food was equally amazing .	spot	negative
while not as hectic as the other spot , the food was equally amazing .	food	positive
if i could give this place negative stars i would .	place	negative
i ordered a shredded beef burrito and it was excellent .	shredded beef burrito	positive
there are many good places to eat on mill , so skip this one .	places	positive
yeah , its a run down store , but its full of super bargains !	store	negative
my truck looks amazing !	truck	positive
best tom yum soup !	tom yum soup	positive
the orange table is a great breakfast option in scottsdale .	orange table	positive
the orange table is a great breakfast option in scottsdale .	breakfast	positive
good drink menu , too , and hostesses are always friendly !	drink menu	positive
good drink menu , too , and hostesses are always friendly !	hostesses	positive
than red white and brew is for you .	brew	positive
if your open to driving _num_ minutes the hilton is a much better option .	hilton	positive
there are not enough tables for the amount of people .	tables	negative
oh that is the best italian food .	italian food	positive
our server , bethany , was very nice .	server	positive
i went with _num_ friends and our waitress was really rude .	waitress	negative
however , the 2nd night we ordered italian and were very satisfied .	italian	positive
it 's nice to get here after the lunch crowd has come and gone .	lunch crowd	positive
you need to get past that and enjoy the food .	food	positive
so i work in the area and decided to get some takeout .	area	positive
so i work in the area and decided to get some takeout .	takeout	positive
i am always greeted warmly and alicia is always very friendly .	alicia	positive
the lady behind the deli counter was really nice !	lady	positive
the lady behind the deli counter was really nice !	deli counter	positive
highly recommend checking rachel 's work .	work	positive
the people are always friendly and the bartenders are awesome .	people	positive
the people are always friendly and the bartenders are awesome .	bartenders	positive
they were definitely light on the chili , and it was alright .	chili	positive
prices , high .	prices	negative
atmosphere is fun yet sophisticated .	atmosphere	positive
best fast food japanese in arizona - period .	fast food japanese	positive
let 's start out with the great ambiance they have .	ambiance	positive
not sure if the guy was new or not .	guy	negative
nice staff , good prices , highly recommend .	staff	positive
nice staff , good prices , highly recommend .	prices	positive
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .	tastebuds	positive
nice service .	service	positive
pleasant and fast competent service .	service	positive
the food well everything is awsome .	food	positive
the flavorless meat was so tough that it hurt my teeth .	flavorless meat	negative
the atmosphere was neat although it is pretty cramped in there .	atmosphere	positive
my _num_ kids loved this place .	place	positive
the happy hour goes till _num_ , and yummy appetizers are all half price .	appetizers	positive
the happy hour goes till _num_ , and yummy appetizers are all half price .	half price	positive
the worst part was the dirt though .	dirt	negative
elements ' chilean seabass is to die for .	elements	positive
elements ' chilean seabass is to die for .	chilean seabass	positive
there 's always plenty to take home for second servings .	second servings	positive
this place is one of my favorite places to grab a burger .	burger	positive
and the continued service from dale at the shop is always spot on .	service	positive
stick to tuna and salmon sashimi and miso soup .	tuna	positive
stick to tuna and salmon sashimi and miso soup .	salmon sashimi	positive
stick to tuna and salmon sashimi and miso soup .	miso soup	positive
the drinks were ok , but tasted like sprite was added to the margaritas .	drinks	negative
the drinks were ok , but tasted like sprite was added to the margaritas .	margaritas	negative
beautiful tour !	tour	positive
great food and service .	food	positive
great food and service .	service	positive
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .	staff	positive
pho was so bland and disappointing .	pho	negative
walked in and loved the ambience .	ambience	positive
the smile was not returned .	smile	negative
i will keep going on my lunch breaks !	lunch breaks	positive
manager could also care less .	manager	negative
this place is absolutely awesome !	place	positive
no fries ?	fries	negative
sadly , the spa is nothing like it was .	spa	negative
$ _num_ for two copies .	copies	positive
beautiful & relaxing spa .	spa	positive
for piercings i highly recommend justin ( goes by oj there ) .	piercings	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
ok , yes , the beer list is incredible .	beer list	positive
great coffee , nice staff .	coffee	positive
great coffee , nice staff .	staff	positive
the food was bland and cold .	food	negative
this is the worst applebees i have been too .	applebees	negative
called and booked a tour for my family and it was great .	tour	positive
i waited over _num_ minutes for my entree .	entree	negative
so , they were out of the toro .	toro	negative
all in all , my cheesesteak was filling , but not very satisfying .	cheesesteak	negative
i check the ac and turn it down and nothing happens .	ac	negative
very conversational and personable , oh ... and he makes some absolutely delicious sushi !	sushi	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the box office refused a refund .	box office	negative
one of my favorite shops .	shops	positive
especially to make an older lady wait for her food , not cool .	food	negative
i had the chicken stuffed with feta and spinach topped with a pesto sauce .	chicken stuffed with feta	positive
i had the chicken stuffed with feta and spinach topped with a pesto sauce .	spinach	positive
i had the chicken stuffed with feta and spinach topped with a pesto sauce .	pesto sauce	positive
the best oranges i 've ever tasted .	oranges	positive
our server was n't pleasant at all .	server	negative
food is tasty .	food	positive
i was really , really disappointed with this place .	place	negative
very friendly guys .	guys	positive
the meat had no taste the salsa was blah .	meat	negative
the meat had no taste the salsa was blah .	salsa	negative
a _num_ hour _num_ minute wait with over _num_ hour between seeing the waitress .	_num_	negative
a _num_ hour _num_ minute wait with over _num_ hour between seeing the waitress .	wait	negative
a _num_ hour _num_ minute wait with over _num_ hour between seeing the waitress .	waitress	negative
great thai food .	thai food	positive
my two star goes to the terribly unhappy woman that works behind the counter .	counter	negative
everything else though just does n't please the senses nor does the dirty tables .	tables	negative
however , my experience at this particular store was not good .	store	negative
fun place !	place	positive
this is the best place to buy produce !	produce	positive
love love love !	love	positive
the crowd was a real mixed bag which made for some great people-watching .	crowd	positive
the crowd was a real mixed bag which made for some great people-watching .	mixed bag	positive
bistro selections are excellent and the bar worked out just fine too !	bistro selections	positive
bistro selections are excellent and the bar worked out just fine too !	bar	positive
must say it was a great breakfast .	breakfast	positive
best greek chicken salad i 've had .	greek chicken salad	positive
very good mexican food here !	mexican food	positive
poor poor timing in the kitchen .	timing	negative
tasty sushi in a contemporary stylish atmosphere .	sushi	positive
tasty sushi in a contemporary stylish atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
buy a membership and enjoy a break from the heat !	membership	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
my wife came in with a fedex flat rate package .	fedex flat rate package	positive
this place is not worth the money or craving of sushi .	money	negative
this place is not worth the money or craving of sushi .	sushi	negative
not huge but great atmosphere especially with live music .	atmosphere	positive
not huge but great atmosphere especially with live music .	live music	positive
recommend the kung pao and crab puffs !	kung pao	positive
recommend the kung pao and crab puffs !	crab puffs	positive
i 've visited several times for both breakfast and lunch .	breakfast	positive
i 've visited several times for both breakfast and lunch .	lunch	positive
the most amazing and helpful employees i have ever experienced at any store ever !	employees	positive
its a great place to find wine and drink it !	wine	positive
chile verde is some of the best i 've had !	chile verde	positive
excellent service from everyone .	service	positive
we will definitely return here once i find time to visit az !	az	positive
obviously they could use some work on their staff though .	staff	negative
chapman is a great dealer and their quality shows in the staff .	quality shows	positive
chapman is a great dealer and their quality shows in the staff .	staff	positive
you are not the only game in town .	game	positive
a hidden gem in the area .	area	positive
the brewery atmosphere is standard .	brewery atmosphere	positive
there are better restaurants just a few minutes away .	restaurants	negative
good food , bar atmosphere.	food	positive
good food , bar atmosphere.	bar atmosphere.	positive
the chopped salad was super interesting and had really nice texture and flavour .	chopped salad	positive
the chopped salad was super interesting and had really nice texture and flavour .	flavour	positive
still , management did nothing to comp the clientele .	management	negative
everyone is so friendly and really seems to care about my dog .	dog	positive
the receptionist was busy getting her nails done .	receptionist	negative
i 'm very please with the service and work !	service	positive
the martinis are substantial and the bar had a pretty impressive selection .	martinis	positive
the martinis are substantial and the bar had a pretty impressive selection .	bar	positive
you ca n't take a bad photo on here , it 's just gorgeous .	photo	positive
however , the security is horrible and power hungry .	security	negative
i always seem to have a great time at this place .	place	positive
worst host service i 've ever experienced .	host service	negative
i loved living there but moved to be closer to my job .	job	positive
she said your bill is $ _num_ .	bill	positive
fresh squeezed oj and amazing service !	oj	positive
fresh squeezed oj and amazing service !	service	positive
best tenderloin sandwich there is .	tenderloin sandwich	positive
they have surprised me every single time - each cake has been absolutely flawless .	cake	positive
the food was very good , excellent service and a good overall experience .	food	positive
the food was very good , excellent service and a good overall experience .	service	positive
definitely a lounge more than anything .	lounge	negative
great service , awesome atmosphere .	service	positive
great service , awesome atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
it is his favorite coffee shop .	coffee shop	positive
she is responsible for why scottsdale looks so good .	scottsdale	positive
needs a complete interior update overhaul and face lift .	interior update	positive
tried the angus deluxe as well as the grilled bbq chicken wrap .	angus deluxe	positive
tried the angus deluxe as well as the grilled bbq chicken wrap .	grilled bbq chicken wrap	positive
it always gives you a ton of food !	food	positive
our server was really nice and knowledgable on her beer selection .	server	positive
our server was really nice and knowledgable on her beer selection .	beer selection	positive
their pizza , meatballs , and calzones are great !	pizza	positive
their pizza , meatballs , and calzones are great !	meatballs	positive
their pizza , meatballs , and calzones are great !	calzones	positive
i really like the driving range .	driving range	positive
prices are very reasonable , appointments were kept and the workmanship was top notch .	prices	positive
prices are very reasonable , appointments were kept and the workmanship was top notch .	appointments	positive
prices are very reasonable , appointments were kept and the workmanship was top notch .	workmanship	positive
this is a place where you feel like your with family .	place	positive
nice work kona ... .	work kona	positive
i highly recommend them eyecare plus !	eyecare plus	positive
amazing food .	food	positive
the food was so atrocious that we literally left without eating !	food	negative
drinks were great .	drinks	positive
i 'm having a hard time getting to like this place .	place	negative
atmosphere , food and prices ( happy hour ) .	atmosphere	positive
atmosphere , food and prices ( happy hour ) .	food	positive
atmosphere , food and prices ( happy hour ) .	prices	positive
they have friendly service , which is great .	service	positive
good service , but below average food .	service	positive
good service , but below average food .	food	negative
by the time the manager stopped by we were talking about going elsewhere .	manager	negative
i 'm going to lead with ive never physically visited this venue .	venue	positive
she also cut my sons and husbands hair .	hair	negative
the deco and atmosphere is nice but food is terrible .	deco	positive
the deco and atmosphere is nice but food is terrible .	atmosphere	positive
the deco and atmosphere is nice but food is terrible .	food	negative
the service is top notch as well .	service	positive
this makes it a _num_ star instead of _num_ .	star	negative
very nice staff , great wine selection , and incredible food .	staff	positive
very nice staff , great wine selection , and incredible food .	wine selection	positive
very nice staff , great wine selection , and incredible food .	food	positive
the bar service is outstanding .	bar service	positive
three years later , people still talk about the food at our wedding .	food	positive
good taste !	taste	positive
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .	food	negative
extremely cozy to meet with friends and spacious enough to appreciate the surrounding area .	area	positive
the crust is so crispy and the sauce is great .	crust	positive
the crust is so crispy and the sauce is great .	sauce	positive
our sales person david roy was the absolute best .	sales	positive
was craving a french dip .	french dip	negative
this company continues to exceed my expectations .	company	positive
the manager acted like he did n't care .	manager	negative
definitely a great place for sandwiches and desserts .	sandwiches	positive
definitely a great place for sandwiches and desserts .	desserts	positive
very friendly bar .	bar	positive
i feel pretty lucky to have found this place .	place	positive
service is always fast and prices are on the `` fair '' side .	service	positive
service is always fast and prices are on the `` fair '' side .	prices	positive
sandwiches are my favorite .	sandwiches	positive
the staff has been nothing but great !	staff	positive
so , we get to the appointment thirty minutes early .	appointment	positive
i was helped by anna who was an angel !	anna	positive
pool tables video games and a great pizza joint next door .	pool tables video games	positive
pool tables video games and a great pizza joint next door .	pizza joint	positive
good food , good service ... fast !	food	positive
good food , good service ... fast !	service	positive
prices are reasonable especially for the area .	prices	positive
prices are reasonable especially for the area .	area	positive
i would highly recommend checking them out and seeing their selection .	selection	positive
fantastic work .	work	positive
the deli is also great !	deli	positive
this is a failed attempt at a ny slice .	ny slice	negative
would recommend this place !	place	positive
best produce around and inexpensive .	produce	positive
great for walk-ins ( which i did ) , relatively fast , terrific service .	service	positive
the owners greeted us and remembered us from our previous visit .	owners	positive
the pizza is great !	pizza	positive
the sandwiches are very good and the home made cannolis are sublime .	sandwiches	positive
the sandwiches are very good and the home made cannolis are sublime .	cannolis	positive
still love the boston cream yum !	boston cream	positive
silverware was missing .	silverware	negative
beer heaven !	beer heaven	positive
the rest of it is just cucumber and onions .	cucumber	positive
the rest of it is just cucumber and onions .	onions	positive
i always have it delivered and the driver is always very courteous .	delivered	positive
i always have it delivered and the driver is always very courteous .	driver	positive
grilled artichokes are back : ) and better than ever .	grilled artichokes	positive
just if they do make sichuan food they would be able to do this .	sichuan food	negative
one of our favorite restaurants .	restaurants	positive
i tried rosati 's next door and it was far better for the price .	price	positive
made fresh and they are quite generous in portion size .	portion size	positive
we had build your own omelettes .	omelettes	positive
as oil change joints go , this place is pretty decent .	oil change joints	positive
simply the best dive bar in valley .	dive bar	positive
our server was disconnected & cold .	server	negative
after searching for years , i finally found an excellent eyecare center .	eyecare center	positive
great food in a great atmosphere !	food	positive
great food in a great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
well priced , and so nice and friendly !	priced	positive
all the staff definitely love their jobs .	staff	positive
but the rooms are not so nice .	rooms	negative
always serving till 2am !	serving	positive
poor customer service in store .	customer service	negative
the staff was very friendly , especially the owners ' son .	staff	positive
the staff was very friendly , especially the owners ' son .	owners	positive
beautiful afternoon cruise ( 2pm ) .	afternoon cruise	positive
this is my favorite place to come and hang out with friends .	place	positive
everyone was very pleased with their choices .	choices	positive
this place rocks and so does their food .	place	negative
this place rocks and so does their food .	food	positive
nice hip atmosphere ... who know arizona could be trendy ?	atmosphere	positive
the wines were all very young which is ok if they were good .	wines	negative
ray was fantastic !	ray	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
this is one of the best chinese food places in all of scottsdale .	chinese food	positive
if you are _num_ years old though , this place would be awesome .	place	positive
the staff is helpful .	staff	positive
i had a taco salad and i could n't even finish eating it .	taco salad	negative
the first time i order here the employees were rude and impatient .	employees	negative
the staff was n't helpful or friendly .	staff	negative
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	customer service	negative
the service was great .	service	positive
this place was pretty good .	place	positive
one rep told me i needed to visit a branch to figure it out .	branch	negative
great service .	service	positive
they can barely handle making appointments .	appointments	negative
defalco 's has the best cheesesteak you can get in the desert .	cheesesteak	positive
great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
avoid scottsdale healthcare .	healthcare	negative
the fish has always been surprisingly fresh and the rolls are substantial and flavorful .	fish	positive
the fish has always been surprisingly fresh and the rolls are substantial and flavorful .	rolls	positive
the lamb was tender & juicy , seasoned just right with great flavor .	lamb	positive
has a wide variety of pipes of all different price ranges .	pipes	positive
has a wide variety of pipes of all different price ranges .	price ranges	positive
nothing special especially for $ _num_ .	$	positive
_num_ years of amazing food !	food	positive
what was wonderful were the pancakes , which gave my ratings the two stars .	pancakes	positive
the no rules pasta with chicken was dry .	no	negative
the no rules pasta with chicken was dry .	pasta with chicken	negative
the service was really fast and extraordinarily friendly .	service	positive
love the jalapeo pancakes !	jalapeo pancakes	positive
great job !	job	positive
loved the bread i will go back to this restaurant .	bread	positive
it took the entire table literally !	table	negative
had the pleasure of being helped by suzanne who works in cosmetics .	cosmetics	positive
really quality place , great selection , nice lounge !	place	positive
really quality place , great selection , nice lounge !	selection	positive
too bad crust does n't deliver .	crust	negative
the service has always been excellent for me and the breakfast is always delicious .	service	positive
the service has always been excellent for me and the breakfast is always delicious .	breakfast	positive
save your money and do n't bother going !	money	positive
food is not great , but it 's good .	food	negative
excellent food and service .	food	positive
excellent food and service .	service	positive
i hate this location .	location	negative
the service from the hotel staff was the best i have ever seen .	service	positive
the chicken is so moist , tender , yummy !	chicken	positive
someone from the kitchen delivered our food .	food	negative
it 's such a clean place and the staff is really friendly !	place	positive
it 's such a clean place and the staff is really friendly !	staff	positive
the facility is excellent .	facility	positive
finally we decide to ask , and after asking the server seemed confused .	server	negative
the food was good and the beer selection was pretty decent as well .	food	positive
the food was good and the beer selection was pretty decent as well .	beer selection	positive
highly recommend this shop .	shop	positive
very friendly folks .	folks	positive
love love love my nails !	nails	positive
this the the best jiffy lube by far .	jiffy lube	positive
lastly for my $ _num_ wash they did not dress my tires .	$	negative
lastly for my $ _num_ wash they did not dress my tires .	tires	negative
hands down , the best place .	place	positive
all the food was delicious !	food	positive
it 's been worth the drive and i 'll definitely return !	drive	positive
people making reservation were not interested .	reservation	negative
the majority of us ordered the short ribs and not one person was impressed .	short ribs	negative
very friendly and knew all the best dishes .	dishes	positive
she listened to what i wanted and helped me find dresses that met that .	dresses	positive
no matter what i order on the menu it always brings me pleasure .	menu	positive
everything tastes fresh and is served hot .	served	positive
love the place .	place	positive
the schnitzel was dry and the breading used was not authentic .	schnitzel	negative
the schnitzel was dry and the breading used was not authentic .	breading	negative
huge wine list with great appetizers .	wine list	positive
huge wine list with great appetizers .	appetizers	positive
customer service : omg ... horrible .	customer service	negative
several times now , they have added hidden fees .	fees	negative
owner is rude , and loud .	owner	negative
our server was nice enough , said she 's worked here for _num_ years .	server	positive
i work _num_ minutes away and they are very nice and hard working staff .	staff	positive
the mechanic tried to pressure my hubby into doing the repairs at their shop .	mechanic	negative
the mechanic tried to pressure my hubby into doing the repairs at their shop .	repairs	negative
so after the move out we got a bill for $ _num_ .	bill	positive
not my kind of place .	place	negative
the gyro plate is my favorite .	gyro plate	positive
love this restaurant and love the consistency of great food and great service !	food	positive
love this restaurant and love the consistency of great food and great service !	service	positive
good stuff and some junk too .	stuff	positive
the interior is worse .	interior	negative
small bar and everyone knows everyone .	bar	negative
$ _num_ a day resort fee does not include wifi .	wifi	negative
anyway , i lost my confidence in this place .	place	negative
the drive out is very nice from phoenix , very easy to find .	drive out	positive
the product is timeless quality .	product	positive
the product is timeless quality .	quality	positive
food was terrible and the staff was very rude .	food	negative
food was terrible and the staff was very rude .	staff	negative
great prices .	prices	positive
the walk from the lobby to the room requires a ride in a cart .	lobby	negative
the walk from the lobby to the room requires a ride in a cart .	room	negative
the walk from the lobby to the room requires a ride in a cart .	cart	negative
b ) she demanded , and i mean demanded another form of payment .	payment	negative
good honest work .	work	positive
plus i feel like the menu used to have more options .	menu	positive
everything seemed very clean and my hostess was very attentive .	hostess	positive
the owners need to update and clean their tools they use on nails !	owners	negative
the owners need to update and clean their tools they use on nails !	tools	negative
jennifer , the owner and lead nail tech , is top notch .	owner	positive
jennifer , the owner and lead nail tech , is top notch .	nail tech	positive
they enjoy the extra play times and getting a bath while they 're there .	play times	positive
they enjoy the extra play times and getting a bath while they 're there .	bath	positive
food was very bland , bland , bland .	food	negative
ask for pedro , he is the best waiter !	waiter	positive
the food is very yummy .	food	positive
her salon is clean and comfortable .	salon	positive
i just picked out the properly cooked edges and left the rest behind .	edges	positive
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	fried rice	negative
it was chips with fake cheese sauce .	chips with fake cheese sauce	negative
was not a regular , but dang .	dang	negative
small portions and the price was almost _num_ bucks .	portions	negative
small portions and the price was almost _num_ bucks .	price	negative
worst customer service ever !	customer service	negative
their thursday ladies night is great .	thursday ladies night	positive
great atmosphere overall .	atmosphere	positive
ice cream was good .	ice cream	positive
my fave is their fish tacos , but all their food is good .	fish tacos	positive
my fave is their fish tacos , but all their food is good .	food	positive
made me a very happy customer .	customer	positive
but still no bread basket .	bread basket	negative
the shrimp were way over cooked , which just ruined the dish !	shrimp	negative
the shrimp were way over cooked , which just ruined the dish !	dish	negative
the clothes that are finished this time were also horribly done .	clothes	negative
not a hampton inn we will recommend .	hampton inn	negative
the fries are awesome and i recommend trying one of their six dipping sauces .	fries	positive
the fries are awesome and i recommend trying one of their six dipping sauces .	dipping sauces	positive
superior service from reception to the service tech sean ( sp ? )	service	positive
superior service from reception to the service tech sean ( sp ? )	service	positive
this place is pretty awesome .	place	positive
the staff has always been super nice and i have always been nice back .	staff	positive
i got the worst food poisoning from here .	food poisoning	negative
food is always great here and probably the cleanest restaurant i 've ever seen .	food	positive
absolutely the most frustrating place i have ever gone to eat .	place	negative
apparently the booth was being held for another group that came after us .	booth	negative
no bread or clean plates after the salad .	bread	negative
no bread or clean plates after the salad .	plates	negative
no bread or clean plates after the salad .	salad	negative
we waited _num_ minutes for a bottle of champagne !	bottle of champagne	negative
just enough breading and filling inside .	breading	positive
just enough breading and filling inside .	filling	positive
after the discount , they were $ _num_ .	discount	negative
to me this beats your average dive bar .	dive bar	positive
worst customer service i have ever had .	customer service	negative
no answer or no information .	answer	negative
it is truly like a small town diner at small town diner prices .	prices	positive
we just had pepperoni pizza and salad but both were good .	pepperoni pizza	positive
we just had pepperoni pizza and salad but both were good .	salad	positive
although i do n't care for chains , alas it served a purpose .	chains	negative
definitely some of the best service i have had .	service	positive
not a good habit when the computer is in guest view .	computer	positive
the atmosphere was fun and lively and the service was very good .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere was fun and lively and the service was very good .	service	positive
both management companies act like they care but do n't really .	management companies	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
i highly recommend this place ... i will be back !	place	positive
needless to say service was horrific and environment felt like a strip club .	service	negative
needless to say service was horrific and environment felt like a strip club .	environment	negative
their egg rolls are pretty good along with their sweet and sour sauce too .	egg rolls	positive
always good hamburgers , fries , and ice cream treats .	hamburgers	positive
always good hamburgers , fries , and ice cream treats .	fries	positive
always good hamburgers , fries , and ice cream treats .	ice cream treats	positive
our server alexis took exceptional care of us .	server alexis	positive
portions are really small for a $ _num_ plate .	portions	negative
has their french dip .	french dip	positive
being coming there for _num_ + years and have loved each slice .	slice	positive
b. refilling your horrible coffee without asking first .	coffee	negative
if i could give this place negatives stars i would .	place negatives	positive
it is new mexico cuisine in scottsdale .	mexico cuisine	positive
these guys took a negative situation and absolutely turned it around .	situation	negative
him -- sound was terrible .	sound	negative
she appeared very angry at my request , and called her manager again .	manager	negative
thank you for your wonderful service .	service	positive
it 's not their prices , and it 's definitely not their service .	prices	negative
it 's not their prices , and it 's definitely not their service .	service	negative
bathrooms and laundry facilities were impressive compared to other parks we have stayed at .	bathrooms	positive
bathrooms and laundry facilities were impressive compared to other parks we have stayed at .	laundry facilities	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
high end coffee shoppe with a local `` feel '' .	coffee shoppe	positive
_num_ stars because the coffee and doughnuts were still yummy .	coffee	positive
_num_ stars because the coffee and doughnuts were still yummy .	doughnuts	positive
our waitress was nice and the food arrived in a timely manner .	waitress	positive
our waitress was nice and the food arrived in a timely manner .	food	positive
great food !	food	positive
this is the only mcdonalds i have been in that does this .	mcdonalds	positive
very nice ambiance in the restaraunt overall .	ambiance	positive
the perfect business or executive lunch .	business	positive
gravy or onions on schnitzel is recommended .	gravy	positive
gravy or onions on schnitzel is recommended .	onions on schnitzel	positive
free travel guides and maps : ) ahhh so worth the membership !	travel guides	positive
free travel guides and maps : ) ahhh so worth the membership !	maps	positive
free travel guides and maps : ) ahhh so worth the membership !	membership	positive
service was bad and the food was cold .	service	negative
service was bad and the food was cold .	food	negative
best donuts i 've had in the phoenix area .	donuts	positive
our server was as sweet as could be .	server	positive
i had a calzone which was yummy but the service ruined the experience .	calzone	positive
i had a calzone which was yummy but the service ruined the experience .	service	negative
terrible to-go service !	service	negative
incredible service and excellent food .	service	positive
incredible service and excellent food .	food	positive
their meat section is a joke lacking any real selection .	meat section	negative
id say about the size patty you would find on a mcdonalds kids cheeseburger .	size patty	negative
id say about the size patty you would find on a mcdonalds kids cheeseburger .	mcdonalds kids cheeseburger	positive
staff was great !	staff	positive
nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i 've had all _num_ of my tattoo 's done at urban art .	tattoo	positive
this cruise was so much fun !	cruise	positive
one of the owners , moe , is incredible .	owners	positive
our servers were extremely friendly and professional .	servers	positive
we loved the appetizers and drinks !	appetizers	positive
we loved the appetizers and drinks !	drinks	positive
they were extremely slow waiting on us even though the place was empty .	place	negative
they are lucky they have the convenience factor going for them .	convenience factor	positive
the place looks shady from outside , but inside the attention is very friendly .	place	positive
places like this are a rare find .	places	positive
another big thank you to this location of the keg !	location	positive
another big thank you to this location of the keg !	keg	positive
this is something that everyone who loves designer bags needs to know .	designer bags	positive
the pool sticks were in terrible condition and were n't straight in the slightest .	pool sticks	negative
he was n't , trust me , i was a server for years .	server	negative
my boys and i love coming here .	boys	positive
thanks , bread basket !	bread basket	positive
the food was amazing !	food	positive
stylish rooms , totally comfortable .	rooms	positive
the food is amazing and big servings !	food	positive
the food is amazing and big servings !	servings	positive
secondly , the bathrooms are always disgusting .	bathrooms	negative
and if you want them grilled its another buck .	grilled	positive
and if you want them grilled its another buck .	buck	positive
paid for ranch , but got none .	ranch	negative
they also only had _num_ sushi chefs in the very packed restaurant .	sushi chefs	negative
i could n't even finish my second slice .	slice	negative
rolls were not good and fish did n't taste fresh .	rolls	negative
rolls were not good and fish did n't taste fresh .	fish	negative
its not a fancy date night setting but its great food .	food	positive
i 'm so hungry , why wo n't you bring me my food ?	food	negative
bring a picnic they have a wonderful area to eat .	area	positive
it 's the male bartender that really brought the rating down .	bartender	positive
it 's the male bartender that really brought the rating down .	rating	negative
second ... service ... very capable guy who knew the menu and always smiling .	service	positive
second ... service ... very capable guy who knew the menu and always smiling .	menu	positive
got an order of cheese fries and they were disgusting !	cheese fries	negative
their staff is always courteous and helpful , as well .	staff	positive
this is a place we always bring out of town friends .	place	positive
definitely worth checking out their awesome selection of books !	selection of	positive
great drinks .	drinks	positive
for me this is the best baseball themed restaurant anywhere .	baseball	positive
for me this is the best baseball themed restaurant anywhere .	restaurant	positive
the couch days were great .	couch days	positive
old town is the location of the original dos gringos .	dos gringos	positive
the rotisserie chicken is the best i 've ever had .	rotisserie chicken	positive
this place is beyond a shit hole .	place	positive
surprisingly the line moved super fast .	line	positive
this restaurant knows how to make customers happy .	customers	positive
great food , good prices and friendly wait staff .	food	positive
great food , good prices and friendly wait staff .	prices	positive
great food , good prices and friendly wait staff .	wait staff	positive
i 've always loved this bar & grill .	bar & grill	positive
staff actually recommended not using one .	staff	negative
we love the environment and the staff .	environment	positive
we love the environment and the staff .	staff	positive
great food and service .	food	positive
great food and service .	service	positive
he gave us great service a store credit for my wife 's old phone .	service	positive
he gave us great service a store credit for my wife 's old phone .	store	positive
their lenses and frames are of good quality .	lenses	positive
their lenses and frames are of good quality .	frames	positive
the chili ramen is my new favorite .	chili ramen	positive
the management was just terrible .	management	negative
amazing service !	service	positive
everything was prepared and cooked perfectly .	cooked	positive
great tasting pizza .	pizza	positive
great selection of in season vegetable plants .	selection	positive
the outdoor seat ambience is superb .	outdoor seat ambience	positive
excellent prices and so very very helpful .	prices	positive
as good as it gets for persian food .	persian food	positive
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	sugar bowl	positive
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	top hat sundae	positive
great salon , decent prices , high quality merchandise .	salon	positive
great salon , decent prices , high quality merchandise .	prices	positive
great salon , decent prices , high quality merchandise .	merchandise	positive
generally the food is pretty good .	food	positive
the man that was working was very nice and helpful .	man	positive
oh and did i forget to mention they have really good sushi as well .	sushi	positive
the classics taste great.	classics	positive
i have never seen guacamole like this before .	guacamole	positive
sara was very accommodating to our schedule and took great care of buddy .	sara	positive
sara was very accommodating to our schedule and took great care of buddy .	schedule	positive
you must get the chopped salad , it really is that good .	chopped salad	positive
i ordered the linguini in clam sauce .	linguini in clam sauce	positive
the office is amazing and the care was great !	office	positive
the office is amazing and the care was great !	care	positive
what a beautiful location over looking the pond and the golf course .	location	positive
what a beautiful location over looking the pond and the golf course .	pond	positive
what a beautiful location over looking the pond and the golf course .	golf course	positive
the optometrist was the best !	optometrist	positive
amazing food .	food	positive
nicole and vinny did an amazing job on my very detailed fall nails !	fall nails	positive
anything with their green chili is amazing .	green chili	positive
this is the best italian food i have ever had !	italian food	positive
everyone was really nice though and i would go back again .	everyone	positive
very rude food server .	food server	negative
it 's an awesome , family run business in a cool old building .	business	positive
it 's an awesome , family run business in a cool old building .	building	positive
my hands feel clean and pretty .	hands	positive
the breakfast pancakes are the best i 've ever eaten !	breakfast pancakes	positive
the fish was stale and gray .	fish	negative
the blue cheese gone bad on one visit .	blue cheese	negative
if you want to play pool this is the spot .	pool	positive
if you want to play pool this is the spot .	spot	positive
and do n't let them watch movies while customers are waiting for drinks .	customers	negative
and do n't let them watch movies while customers are waiting for drinks .	drinks	negative
best restaurant ever !	restaurant	positive
i will continue to come back despite the service .	service	negative
nikki has been a great help and all staff are so helpful .	staff	positive
papago is a great place when you 're in the mood for great beer .	papago	positive
papago is a great place when you 're in the mood for great beer .	beer	positive
last time i was there , the owner greeted us and was super nice .	owner	positive
great place for football season as well .	football	positive
anything done to the course will be a blessing !	course	negative
when the manager arrived , she told me that she had removed my coffee .	manager	negative
when the manager arrived , she told me that she had removed my coffee .	coffee	negative
he is an awesome salesman and defiantly deserves employee of the month !	employee	positive
very nice stadium .	stadium	positive
so worth the drive out of my way !	drive	positive
the biscuits and gravy were just okay .	biscuits	positive
the biscuits and gravy were just okay .	gravy	positive
_num_ diamonds ?	diamonds	positive
great service from a family run company !	service	positive
good service !	service	positive
it is quiet , clean , the apartments have an awesome layout .	apartments	positive
it is quiet , clean , the apartments have an awesome layout .	layout	positive
girlfriend ordered the kung pao , was also spicy and good .	kung pao	positive
most of the girls that work at this location have the worst customer service .	customer service	negative
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	offerings	negative
this is by far the best storage place i have used .	storage place	positive
the dr is knowledgeable and professional , but unfortunately the assistants ruin the office .	dr	positive
the dr is knowledgeable and professional , but unfortunately the assistants ruin the office .	assistants	negative
the dr is knowledgeable and professional , but unfortunately the assistants ruin the office .	office	negative
the weather was perfect for patio dining and their patio was surprisingly well decorated .	patio dining	positive
the weather was perfect for patio dining and their patio was surprisingly well decorated .	patio	positive
everyone is so great and and wonderful customer service .	customer service	positive
service is fast and they have a very clean ladies room !	service	positive
service is fast and they have a very clean ladies room !	ladies room	positive
this place has a stellar reputation with locals .	place	positive
good steak service was awesome friendly atmosphere in restaurant .	steak service	positive
good steak service was awesome friendly atmosphere in restaurant .	atmosphere	positive
painful review for a painful experience .	review	negative
our wedding cake was amazing !	wedding cake	positive
ice cream is not worth that hassle .	ice cream	negative
i hate peas , hate them .	peas	negative
if you want legitimate vegan fare try out some indian places or ethiopian places .	vegan fare	positive
if you want legitimate vegan fare try out some indian places or ethiopian places .	indian	positive
kool spot .	kool spot	positive
they have great weekly specials , including two nights where kids eat free .	weekly specials	positive
it 's usually impossible to find parking .	parking	negative
the prices are very reasonable .	prices	positive
fun building to be in and great , fresh mexican food .	building	positive
fun building to be in and great , fresh mexican food .	mexican food	positive
the prime rib was excellent .	prime rib	positive
came here for my birthday dinner with family and was disappointed with the service .	service	negative
thanks for a fine meal , roaring fork .	meal	positive
food is fine but the service is not even reach average .	food	positive
food is fine but the service is not even reach average .	service	negative
our server `` cat '' the owner 's niece was excellent !	server	positive
our server `` cat '' the owner 's niece was excellent !	owner	positive
terrific baseball memorabilia everywhere you look .	baseball memorabilia	positive
there was very little variety there , and i was disappointed .	variety	negative
love the service , atmosphere and food .	service	positive
love the service , atmosphere and food .	atmosphere	positive
love the service , atmosphere and food .	food	positive
you rock , and my husband and i will be forever customers !	customers	positive
the gel polish is uneven and overall the pedicure looks sloppy .	gel polish	negative
the gel polish is uneven and overall the pedicure looks sloppy .	pedicure	negative
salsa was not spicy and very watered down .	salsa	negative
the lobster alone deserved _num_ stars !	lobster	positive
staff unfriendly , food terrible .	staff	negative
staff unfriendly , food terrible .	food	negative
it is perfect when you want a fun night out .	night	positive
i decided to call banfield and they could get me right away .	banfield	positive
the service was prompt and friendly .	service	positive
i hate olive garden but it 's better then this place !	olive garden	negative
i hate olive garden but it 's better then this place !	place	positive
i loved the atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i was n't charged an extra fee either when i picked up my ticket .	ticket	negative
fresh fish .	fish	positive
service was slow and inattentive .	service	negative
they are very experienced and focused on customer service .	customer service	positive
we took our time , enjoyed the food and we never felt rushed .	food	positive
great food , good deals , amazing atmosphere , highly recommend .	food	positive
great food , good deals , amazing atmosphere , highly recommend .	deals	positive
great food , good deals , amazing atmosphere , highly recommend .	atmosphere	positive
was the worst behavior i got in scottsdale salon .	behavior	negative
except my medium pepperoni pizza cost $ _num_ !	medium pepperoni pizza	negative
nice outdoor seating area and great bar area inside .	outdoor seating area	positive
nice outdoor seating area and great bar area inside .	bar area	positive
awesome food , great drinks & great service .	food	positive
awesome food , great drinks & great service .	drinks	positive
awesome food , great drinks & great service .	service	positive
this was the best seafood we have ever eaten .	seafood	positive
so you do n't want us to sit at your table ?	table	negative
i got extensions by ashley wright and i have had nothing but problems since .	extensions	negative
drinks from the bar where strong and good !	drinks	positive
drinks from the bar where strong and good !	bar	positive
my husband and i are the biggest wing fans you 'll meet .	wing	positive
pane e ' vino is still our favorite place .	pane e ' vino	positive
the sea bass was dry and felt and tasted like straw .	sea bass	negative
beef fondue = unusual and delicious .	beef fondue	positive
once we tasted the shakes we wanted to return them they were so bad .	shakes	negative
& hamburger special .	hamburger special	positive
excellent place with fantastic food .	place	positive
excellent place with fantastic food .	food	positive
leah is great !	leah	positive
the staff was friendly and made us feel welcome .	staff	positive
the rest of us get our food and it was a huge disappointment .	food	negative
this pharmacy is absolutely terrible .	pharmacy	negative
i will continue going to this office as long as possible .	office	positive
anybody and everybody fits it at the coach house .	coach house	positive
we ordered the chicken nachos and jalapeno sliders ... both were delicious .	chicken nachos	positive
we ordered the chicken nachos and jalapeno sliders ... both were delicious .	jalapeno sliders	positive
dr thompson practice by far is the best dentist i have ever been to .	practice	positive
dr thompson practice by far is the best dentist i have ever been to .	dentist	positive
the service was spot on and so friendly .	service	positive
my favorite dishes are : artichoke heart as an appetizer is unreal .	dishes	positive
my favorite dishes are : artichoke heart as an appetizer is unreal .	artichoke heart	positive
my favorite dishes are : artichoke heart as an appetizer is unreal .	appetizer	positive
this place is terrible , there 's no one here .	place	negative
everyone was pleased with their food .	food	positive
received an email after placing my order online stating a _num_ minute delivery time .	delivery time	negative
my all time favorite dive bar .	dive bar	positive
you get plenty of food for he money but it is mediocre food .	food	negative
you get plenty of food for he money but it is mediocre food .	food	negative
nothing exciting , just your standard pepperoni pizza .	pepperoni pizza	positive
service was attentive .	service	positive
anything bbq from this place is amazing .	bbq	positive
indian tacos were over fried and tasted like oil .	indian tacos	negative
indian tacos were over fried and tasted like oil .	oil	negative
overall , we found no good mexican food in scottsdale area .	mexican food	negative
so says my _num_ yr old and _num_ yr old .	_num_	positive
enjoyed the setting as well .	setting	positive
good and beverage was high quality .	beverage	positive
good and beverage was high quality .	quality	positive
i love gyros and this is my favorite place to get them .	gyros	positive
standing directly in front of him without a drink is not enough ?	drink	negative
with fries and/or onion rings , this is the perfect hangover meal .	fries	positive
with fries and/or onion rings , this is the perfect hangover meal .	onion rings	positive
with fries and/or onion rings , this is the perfect hangover meal .	meal	positive
i 'm very pleased to have found this office .	office	positive
just the perfect way to make a apple fritter !	apple fritter	positive
the food was superb , the view was gorgeous and the service was phenomenal .	food	positive
the food was superb , the view was gorgeous and the service was phenomenal .	view	positive
the food was superb , the view was gorgeous and the service was phenomenal .	service	positive
there are better places , it 's expensive for such poor quality of staff .	places	negative
there are better places , it 's expensive for such poor quality of staff .	quality of staff	negative
a great place for a special occasion !	place	positive
even get it for take out and you will be happy !	take out	positive
great little store .	store	positive
lovely little family business .	business	positive
after she replaced my order she refused to return my receipt to me .	receipt	negative
great spot to chill and bs with some friends .	spot	positive
the thing that will keep you coming back is the food .	food	positive
the strawberry pancakes were amazing !	strawberry pancakes	positive
it is also quite large , especially for the price !	price	positive
i 've had their cheese burger too and it was pretty good .	cheese burger	positive
just an az classic .	az classic	negative
the tamales , ceviche and `` banana leaf wrapped fish '' was delicious .	tamales , ceviche	positive
the tamales , ceviche and `` banana leaf wrapped fish '' was delicious .	banana leaf wrapped fish	positive
just fyi , it 's mostly an older crowd .	crowd	negative
there is better pizza around and closer .	pizza	positive
neighborhood spot that has a lot of regulars .	spot	positive
the bowl was small for $ _num_ .	bowl	negative
nice atmosphere , good service , great food !	atmosphere	positive
nice atmosphere , good service , great food !	service	positive
nice atmosphere , good service , great food !	food	positive
the margaritas are divine and the ambiance is spectacular .	margaritas	positive
the margaritas are divine and the ambiance is spectacular .	ambiance	positive
more of a tex-mex than authentic mexican food .	tex-mex	positive
more of a tex-mex than authentic mexican food .	mexican food	positive
always get my water here .	water	positive
lettuce is crisp in the salad , not limp , and veggies taste fresh .	lettuce	positive
lettuce is crisp in the salad , not limp , and veggies taste fresh .	salad	positive
lettuce is crisp in the salad , not limp , and veggies taste fresh .	veggies	positive
the drink and food specials were amazing .	drink	positive
the drink and food specials were amazing .	food specials	positive
this is our neighborhood go-to restaurant and we 're always happy with the experience .	neighborhood	positive
good food and excellent service !	food	positive
good food and excellent service !	service	positive
the vegetables are very fresh and not over cooked .	vegetables	positive
mani was good too .	mani	positive
rewards program is an added bonus .	rewards program	positive
the worst part of all though was the billing .	billing	negative
just for the rudeness they get a _num_ star forever .	rudeness	negative
along with the pecan dessert , the meal was perfect .	pecan dessert	positive
along with the pecan dessert , the meal was perfect .	meal	positive
their food is great and one of our favorite fast food places .	food	positive
everything is done well and the service is top notch .	service	positive
when the pizza did arrive , it was cold and the box was smashed .	pizza	negative
when the pizza did arrive , it was cold and the box was smashed .	box	negative
i decide to go back to pacific 's and get my money back .	money	positive
best mussels i have had in a long time .	mussels	positive
so i said i guess i can go without dinner tonight .	dinner	positive
have been here before and the food was ok , smoothie better .	food	negative
all food was stale .	food	negative
the frys were good , but soggy as well .	frys	positive
there was _num_ dress i was able to try .	dress	positive
i 'm sure she 'll find time to sell you a couple of bikes .	bikes	positive
all in all this place was a failure .	place	negative
our waiter was friendly and gave us excellent advice on what dishes to order .	waiter	positive
our waiter was friendly and gave us excellent advice on what dishes to order .	dishes	positive
i should 've looked at the buffet before i paid .	buffet	negative
they have different salads everyday that are fresh and delicious .	salads	positive
they must have changed that recipe ... one part salsa with _num_ parts water ?	salsa with _num_ parts water	negative
in addition to a site to see a place to eat .	site	positive
in addition to a site to see a place to eat .	place	positive
great sandwich .	sandwich	positive
dingy , dark , dirty , sticky -- that 's your table .	table	negative
we are thrilled that he has his own practice now .	practice	positive
great teachers with a broad experience .	teachers	positive
red chili beef and pork soooo good .	red chili beef	positive
band was terrible and too loud .	band	negative
very fun atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
great food and never ending sodas .	food	positive
great food and never ending sodas .	sodas	positive
will return , great mixed drinks as well .	mixed drinks	positive
i wait _num_ minutes for my food , which tastes fine to me .	food	positive
sound = terrible .	sound	negative
loved this nail salon !	nail salon	positive
great and friendly service !	service	positive
if they were new waitresses , they 'd get a pass .	waitresses	negative
horrible people !	people	negative
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !	food	positive
great lunch specials during the week as well , this place has it all .	lunch specials	positive
she knows her brands !	brands	positive
my families dinners were also horrible .	families dinners	negative
the homemade green salsa is really good .	homemade green salsa	positive
best salon in az !	salon	positive
very nice customer service .	customer service	positive
i had the worst haircut of my life from the steven paul salon .	haircut	negative
fry 's is the electronics store everyone loves to hate .	electronics store	negative
bring me to sea saw and everything just makes perfect sense .	saw	positive
not the best for family dining and man was it not worth it !	family dining	negative
this is a definite enjoyable dining experience on all levels !	dining experience	positive
my car looked brand new and was even done a day early !	car	positive
price very very reasonable .	price	positive
rick was on time and very flexible .	rick	positive
the queso fundido came out with a texture more like soup than melted cheese .	queso fundido	negative
the queso fundido came out with a texture more like soup than melted cheese .	soup	negative
coffee is weak .	coffee	negative
place looks nice and family owned .	place	positive
the rib eye steak was the winner dish tonight !	rib eye steak	positive
the service was also quite good .	service	positive
i love our furniture .	furniture	positive
the pork chops where amazing also !	pork chops	positive
the other time , i ordered bacon pancakes which were just ok .	bacon pancakes	negative
go for the happy hour !	happy	positive
love the online account access also .	online account	positive
best service !	service	positive
all the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
great homemade fries !	homemade fries	positive
i could also smell the stench of sewage , not a comforting feeling .	stench of sewage	negative
highly recommend santisi !	santisi	positive
fun atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
diamond dot has become my favorite spot to eat !	spot	positive
here is where stuff gets bad .	stuff	negative
the food is good .	food	positive
great tortilla soup !	tortilla soup	positive
and when i asked for explanation , the girl was down right rude .	girl	negative
i would definitely recommend this place for any sushi lover !	sushi	positive
great location .	location	positive
i went home with severe back pain feeling like i was guilty of something .	back pain	negative
this is a great place to take your family .	place	positive
great place , great food .	place	positive
great place , great food .	food	positive
these guys are fantastic and honest !	guys	positive
hands down best traditional mexican food in az !	traditional mexican food	positive
older venue but great for the apache junction feel .	venue	negative
older venue but great for the apache junction feel .	apache junction feel	positive
in the past i 've never really had any problems with service .	service	positive
fabulous dinner and service so definitely wanted to try the hh .	dinner	positive
fabulous dinner and service so definitely wanted to try the hh .	service	positive
this location has the worst customer service and selection .	customer service	negative
definitely a good place for fresh seafood in phx .	seafood	positive
such a shame that reputable company like this does that .	company	negative
great family owned business where the owner and employees truly love dogs .	employees	positive
great family owned business where the owner and employees truly love dogs .	dogs	positive
ridiculous prices and crappy work .	prices	negative
ridiculous prices and crappy work .	work	negative
they happen to have _num_ on the menu and are all delicious .	menu	positive
service and food have been really good every time .	service	positive
service and food have been really good every time .	food	positive
the other burger is cold and the nachos are wrong .	burger	negative
the other burger is cold and the nachos are wrong .	nachos	negative
the best menudo in town !	menudo	positive
the subway here is amazing !	subway	positive
i 've eaten here twice and the food has been excellent both times .	food	positive
i ate half and it was great the next day as well .	half	positive
what great and talented people !	people	positive
is it the fanciest hotel i have ever stayed in ?	hotel	positive
they are friendly , honest and always explain the work needed clearly .	work	positive
the food came and my $ _num_ steak was covered in something deep fried .	food	negative
i went in for new extensions and the staff was absolutely amazing .	extensions	positive
i went in for new extensions and the staff was absolutely amazing .	staff	positive
their water was worse then yellow .	water	negative
horrible company .	company	negative
i despise fake food .	food	negative
the food was delicious .	food	positive
service is soooo slow !	service	negative
the staff is so kind .	staff	positive
great brunch place .	brunch place	positive
i should n't have listened to my boss ' food recommendation .	food	negative
cares nothing for my feedback .	feedback	negative
the bacon is great too .	bacon	positive
sadly this place did not really live up the the reviews .	place	negative
worst breakfast i 've ever had .	breakfast	negative
the place needs to be remodeled badly and i would not stay here again .	place	negative
service is friendly and attentive .	service	positive
entrees we amazing were amazing .	entrees	positive
new lunch menu looks like you 're dining at steak n shake .	lunch menu	positive
new lunch menu looks like you 're dining at steak n shake .	steak	positive
they go above and beyond with the service and they are extremely polite .	service	positive
great food / great value .	food	positive
great food / great value .	value	positive
best guac i 've ever had .	guac	positive
our family had a great meal here !	meal	positive
always great service .	service	positive
i went there most recently for sunday football ticket with _num_ friends .	sunday football ticket	positive
renee helped me and is fantastic .	renee	positive
very good food and nice atmosphere .	food	positive
very good food and nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
not greasy , good stuff .	stuff	positive
it tasted like a severely watered down margarita .	margarita	negative
this is one of my favorite hotels !	hotels	positive
i highly recommend gyros place !	gyros place	positive
leo and the entire staff were incredible !	staff	positive
my chicken strips were fried like catfish ?	chicken strips	negative
my chicken strips were fried like catfish ?	catfish	negative
sat in the bar and the bartenders are nice .	bar	positive
sat in the bar and the bartenders are nice .	bartenders	positive
the green beans did n't taste fresh , much more like canned vegetables .	green beans	negative
the green beans did n't taste fresh , much more like canned vegetables .	canned vegetables	negative
don and charlie is top notch from the food to the service .	food	positive
don and charlie is top notch from the food to the service .	service	positive
flowers here are so fresh and beautiful and priced right .	flowers	positive
flowers here are so fresh and beautiful and priced right .	priced	positive
great food served with as mile , thanks !	food served	positive
this is a great place !	place	positive
the service is always amazing and we are never disappointed with the food !	service	positive
the service is always amazing and we are never disappointed with the food !	food	positive
everyone is amazing and they have a great front office staff !	front office staff	positive
have some fun trying to understand carmen 's italian accent .	carmen	positive
got fast serve and good price .	serve	positive
got fast serve and good price .	price	positive
customer service is everything to me !	customer service	positive
plate full of delish !	plate	positive
best deal on steak ever .	deal on steak	positive
i would definitely recommend this place for dinner .	dinner	positive
i saw plenty of reviews about cheap drinks .	drinks	positive
chang and pei wei ) , you can often get away with that .	chang	negative
we have found a great place !	place	positive
great cheese , great sauce , great crust .	cheese	positive
great cheese , great sauce , great crust .	sauce	positive
great cheese , great sauce , great crust .	crust	positive
love elmer 's so much .	elmer	positive
no way to run a business .	business	negative
thanks prestige .	prestige	positive
the outside grounds are beautifully maintained and look great .	outside grounds	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
no flavor , less than ordinary , will never eat their food again .	flavor	negative
no flavor , less than ordinary , will never eat their food again .	food	negative
this place is simply awesome .	place	positive
candy is an amazing waitress .	candy	positive
candy is an amazing waitress .	waitress	positive
refused to refund money or even offer to make it look any better .	money	negative
their price was very reasonable and competitive .	price	positive
he 's honest and so very kind and his staff is the best !	staff	positive
this place is always good .	place	positive
every picture we took came out perfectly .	picture	positive
i love pop the soda shop .	soda shop	positive
i had an overall great experience at eyecare plus .	eyecare	positive
the raspberry champagne is great as well .	raspberry champagne	positive
the museum is packed full of impressive displays .	displays	positive
the tv was very old and dated and the reception was not that good.	tv	negative
the tv was very old and dated and the reception was not that good.	reception	negative
my cheese steak was practically empty .	cheese steak	negative
none of those bitches would work for me .	bitches	negative
the margaritas are terrible and they do n't have frozen ones .	margaritas	negative
on my 6th bite i could n't do it .	6th bite	negative
they are n't even willing to move me to another unit .	unit	negative
amazing food .	food	positive
great rib eye steak and service !	rib eye steak	positive
great rib eye steak and service !	service	positive
salsa is fresh and so tasty .	salsa	positive
the food is authentic .	food	positive
her passion is color and she is very talented at it .	color	positive
the best tailoring in town and the nicest most honest people !	tailoring	positive
it was very good , but not exactly worth the wait or poor service .	wait	negative
it was very good , but not exactly worth the wait or poor service .	service	negative
definitely the nicest holiday inn i 've stayed at .	holiday inn	positive
great way to try out equipment while saving for a bike .	equipment	positive
great way to try out equipment while saving for a bike .	bike	positive
zero flavor , zero effort .	flavor	negative
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .	meatloaf	positive
the bartenders are great they remember a face and always make me feel welcome .	bartenders	positive
really bad business !	business	negative
wonderful food and even better service .	food	positive
wonderful food and even better service .	service	positive
our lunch here was really delicious !	lunch	positive
_num_ nearly identical stones .	stones	negative
very elegant ambiance and a professional and courteous staff .	ambiance	positive
very elegant ambiance and a professional and courteous staff .	staff	positive
the home-made salsa is wonderful and always fresh and in stock .	salsa	positive
five stars for the great service and great tasting food at a reasonable price .	service	positive
five stars for the great service and great tasting food at a reasonable price .	food	positive
five stars for the great service and great tasting food at a reasonable price .	price	positive
i go in and get their fresh food for dinner all the time .	fresh food	positive
i go in and get their fresh food for dinner all the time .	dinner	positive
small , quaint and the food is awesome .	food	positive
chicken parmesan was top quality .	chicken parmesan	positive
zero customer service .	customer service	negative
always fresh and good prices but it 's just fantastic .	prices	positive
michelle made us feel welcome and was always there at the perfect time .	michelle	positive
i enjoyed lunch here the other day .	lunch	positive
all the rooms are outside and it 's _num_ floors high .	rooms	positive
hawaiian ribeye , one of the best steaks i 've ever had .	hawaiian ribeye	positive
hawaiian ribeye , one of the best steaks i 've ever had .	steaks	positive
only a moderate selection of food .	selection of food	positive
all of the chili sauce at pei wei 's could n't save the dish .	chili sauce	negative
all of the chili sauce at pei wei 's could n't save the dish .	dish	negative
this place is amazing .	place	positive
people living in this community have zero respect for one another .	people	negative
fabulous service - oh , and did i mention the roasted salsa ?	service	positive
fabulous service - oh , and did i mention the roasted salsa ?	roasted salsa	positive
great classes for kids .	classes	positive
mark taylor properties , step up your game .	properties	positive
mark taylor properties , step up your game .	game	positive
the crab rolls as an appetizer should just be thrown in the trash ... .	crab rolls	positive
the crab rolls as an appetizer should just be thrown in the trash ... .	appetizer	negative
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	student services	positive
the veal parmesan was tough , chewy , almost rubbery - and expensive .	veal parmesan	negative
the appetizers were some of the worst i 've had in phoenix .	appetizers	negative
the sisters are great and very helpful .	sisters	positive
go elsewhere for a car wash .	car wash	positive
first off the lady that was working today was super rude and mean .	lady	negative
great service and great prices .	service	positive
great service and great prices .	prices	positive
i love my home and will stay here for years to come .	home	positive
bad experience for entire process .	process	negative
they are very slow in the drive thru .	drive	negative
if you know chinese food this is not it !	chinese food	negative
great place to watch any sporting event or ufc .	ufc	positive
this was one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've had !	restaurant	negative
the waiters are charismatic and i 'm guessing these people have thin skin .	waiters	positive
fun air conditioned place to go walk around .	air conditioned place	positive
there pizza is very good and the breadsticks are over the top delicious !	pizza	positive
there pizza is very good and the breadsticks are over the top delicious !	breadsticks	positive
we took the tour august _num_ , _num_ and bought future tickets .	tickets	positive
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	steak , shrimp	positive
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	enchilada	positive
amazing food !	food	positive
portions small for amount of money spent .	portions	negative
portions small for amount of money spent .	money	negative
enjoy a huge warm cinnamon bun with a cup of coffee !	cinnamon bun	positive
enjoy a huge warm cinnamon bun with a cup of coffee !	cup of coffee	positive
no star granted .	star	negative
the first time , my husband was very pleased with his plate of albacore .	plate of albacore	positive
my canadian friend had never been , so it was quite a treat .	canadian	positive
we get there and it 's empty -- literally not another table there .	table	negative
i usually trust yelp but this place was horrible .	place	negative
they have great deals on rolls and the drinks are very affordable .	rolls	positive
they have great deals on rolls and the drinks are very affordable .	drinks	positive
machines are constantly breaking and weeks before repaired .	machines	negative
i 'm still eating and i needed that napkin !	napkin	positive
unfortunately , the meal was mediocre at best .	meal	negative
( that said , it 's still fast food . )	food	positive
the amenities are great .	amenities	positive
we have many favorites , but i really enjoyed the quinoa salad this week !	quinoa salad	positive
this place is a most see must do during xmas time !	place	positive
not impressed breakfast club .	breakfast club	negative
the wait staff is not friendly or inviting .	wait staff	negative
the soup was good and creamy !	soup	positive
we told them , half the tables are empty .	tables	negative
the service was pretty bad to , really slow .	service	negative
the rooms were comfortable and clean and the gym and amenities are fine .	rooms	positive
the rooms were comfortable and clean and the gym and amenities are fine .	gym	positive
the rooms were comfortable and clean and the gym and amenities are fine .	amenities	positive
keep your place clean , patio screens closed and you 're good .	place	positive
keep your place clean , patio screens closed and you 're good .	patio screens	positive
a couple of weeks ago i bought a new suit .	suit	positive
anyways - check it out - good stuff .	stuff	positive
hopefully i just got them on a bad day and they have better service .	service	negative
the service is always very friendly and the food is so amazing !	service	positive
the service is always very friendly and the food is so amazing !	food	positive
my car was n't starting and i was desperate for a fix .	car	negative
also , the staff are pretty rude .	staff	negative
the wings are delicious as well .	wings	positive
to update the fish and chips are delectable as is the corned beef sandwich .	fish and chips	positive
to update the fish and chips are delectable as is the corned beef sandwich .	corned beef sandwich	positive
the rice had dried out pieces from the microwave .	rice	negative
prices may be a little pricey but definitely worth it .	prices	negative
the customer service is amazing .	customer service	positive
food is fresh and tasty .	food	positive
overall it was a nice place to relax and have a drink .	place	positive
overall it was a nice place to relax and have a drink .	drink	positive
this place and i will not recommend it to anyone .	place	negative
what an amazing atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
if you want a spectacular breakfast , this is the place !	breakfast	positive
the flavors are sharp and strong .	flavors	positive
outside bar and stage is much better than i remember .	bar	positive
outside bar and stage is much better than i remember .	stage	positive
very poor conditions on the property .	conditions	negative
very poor conditions on the property .	property	negative
this place is fun dive bar and it has a beer pong table .	dive bar	positive
this place is fun dive bar and it has a beer pong table .	beer pong table	positive
mongolian beef was also bland and barely spicy for a spicy dish .	mongolian beef	negative
probably the best restaurant i 've found in glendale .	restaurant	positive
good prices for the portions , too .	prices	positive
good prices for the portions , too .	portions	positive
the toast was a little soggy and bland .	toast	negative
no wonder he hardly had customers and they closed down the other two shops .	customers	negative
the entire crew made sure we had the most convenient and delicious lunch .	lunch	positive
way to satisfy a customer !	customer	positive
great food , the pizza especially , and huge salads .	food	positive
great food , the pizza especially , and huge salads .	pizza	positive
great food , the pizza especially , and huge salads .	salads	positive
the bakery is very good .	bakery	positive
good selection and friendly staff .	selection	positive
good selection and friendly staff .	staff	positive
it was also $ _num_ but tasted like cough syrup and threw it away .	cough syrup	negative
all very friendly & helpful employees here .	employees	positive
the rooms are extraordinarily clean !	rooms	positive
this is definitely a place we will be getting delivery from again .	delivery	positive
in my opinion , superior to grimaldi 's , bianco 's , etc .	bianco	positive
this place was really great and we will definitely be back .	place	positive
highly recommend this place .	place	positive
best pizza and easy on the $ .	pizza	positive
spring chopped salad was refreshing !	spring chopped salad	positive
the food is excellent .	food	positive
ordered the white pizza ; delicious .	white pizza	positive
we take all our commercial as well as my personal vehicles here .	personal vehicles	positive
cockroaches , however are not a sign of cleanliness in a restaurant .	cockroaches	negative
awesome happy hour on the 1/2 price pizza and apps .	pizza	positive
awesome happy hour on the 1/2 price pizza and apps .	apps	positive
hearing the name dos gringos just makes me want to day drink .	dos gringos	positive
the main entrance is actually off the street and very nice .	main entrance	positive
for our first visit to the north scottsdale location we had a great time !	location	positive
this is our favorite `` lunch date '' place !	lunch	positive
this is our favorite `` lunch date '' place !	place	positive
dennis and his team are awesome .	team	positive
i definitely got my money 's worth with this item .	money	positive
the food is not worth mentioning - except perhaps the hush puppies .	food	negative
the food is not worth mentioning - except perhaps the hush puppies .	hush puppies	negative
the staff was super friendly , great experience overall !	staff	positive
they have no bathroom around three small tables inside and out .	bathroom	negative
they have no bathroom around three small tables inside and out .	tables	negative
we will always remember this special night and the amazing staff !	staff	positive
i ca n't believe this place is in business .	place	positive
flautas would be much better with seasoning .	flautas	positive
flautas would be much better with seasoning .	seasoning	positive
they provide great routine care for our pets as well .	routine care	positive
they provide great routine care for our pets as well .	pets	positive
my friend also go no trek to get water .	water	negative
food and service was fantastic .	food	positive
food and service was fantastic .	service	positive
such service is so unexpected !	service	positive
i usually order pancakes , bacon and eggs with fresh oj .	pancakes	positive
i usually order pancakes , bacon and eggs with fresh oj .	bacon	positive
i usually order pancakes , bacon and eggs with fresh oj .	oj	positive
salads , pizzas and pasta were great !	salads	positive
salads , pizzas and pasta were great !	pizzas	positive
salads , pizzas and pasta were great !	pasta	positive
great authentic mexican food !	mexican food	positive
pizza was okay ; better than domino 's but nothing special .	pizza	positive
the pizza was perfectly cooked , with a generous amount of toppings .	pizza	positive
the pizza was perfectly cooked , with a generous amount of toppings .	toppings	positive
bread not sliced .	bread	positive
seriously , nicest bartender i 've experienced in downtown scottsdale .	bartender	positive
lasts us a few meals and hits the spot .	meals	positive
i felt strange entering this place and it must be the energy of zizzo .	energy	negative
this is one of the coolest guitar shops i 've been to .	guitar shops	positive
third , the food was cold .	food	negative
lovely people who care about patients and are not out for a cash grab .	people	positive
lovely people who care about patients and are not out for a cash grab .	patients	positive
some what cheap food .	food	positive
i can eat breakfast food at anytime so i 'm always a fan .	breakfast food	positive
this is my new favourite spot for authentic sushi .	spot	positive
this is my new favourite spot for authentic sushi .	sushi	positive
i 'm sad that i wasted my money .	money	negative
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .	site	positive
your sound sucks - seriously sucks .	sound	negative
fantastic service and the food was hot and tasty .	service	positive
fantastic service and the food was hot and tasty .	food	positive
the total for this lunch was $ _num_ .	lunch	positive
i also recommend the mole !	mole	positive
this bugs me more than anything else , even the damage to the vehicles .	vehicles	negative
bad , slow service .	service	negative
i just could n't eat the stuff it was so bad .	stuff	negative
i was told the sandwiches and pizzas are good .	sandwiches	positive
i was told the sandwiches and pizzas are good .	pizzas	positive
wow ... great place !	place	positive
best selection of pottery in the valley .	selection of pottery	positive
for _num_ drinks it was over $ _num_ .	drinks	negative
the prices are pretty hard to beat , $ _num_ for two dinner combos !	prices	negative
the prices are pretty hard to beat , $ _num_ for two dinner combos !	dinner combos	positive
the drinks are pretty well priced .	drinks	positive
the drinks are pretty well priced .	priced	positive
grounds are absolutely relaxing and beautiful .	grounds	positive
there was no broth .	broth	negative
the hh wine was excellent .	hh wine	positive
their chow mein is delicious as well , as is their lo mein .	chow mein	positive
their chow mein is delicious as well , as is their lo mein .	lo	positive
this is the best place for lobster in arizona and may be anywhere .	lobster	positive
a+ service !	service	positive
beautiful dining .	dining	positive
bad food and funny tasting tap brews .	food	negative
bad food and funny tasting tap brews .	tap brews	negative
and i felt it was a good value for the money .	value	positive
and i felt it was a good value for the money .	money	positive
their bagels are chewy and soft and wonderful .	bagels	positive
bob & the team have been really great !	team	positive
the salad was good , not great .	salad	negative
the italian sausage sandwich was ok .	italian sausage sandwich	negative
love this gym !	gym	positive
great place .	place	positive
love this place ... every time .	place	positive
beats out starbucks in quality of coffee and service .	quality of coffee	positive
beats out starbucks in quality of coffee and service .	service	positive
for a local chain this place is great !	chain	positive
for a local chain this place is great !	place	positive
it was missing a pancake .	pancake	negative
also horrible service .	service	negative
really good hidden gem .	hidden gem	positive
food here is exceptional .	food	positive
skip it and try another bar .	bar	negative
there 's tvs everywhere and it gets packed for every game .	tvs	negative
there 's tvs everywhere and it gets packed for every game .	game	negative
wonderful indoor/outdoor cafe in old scottsdale , az .	indoor/outdoor cafe	positive
i 'll take ihop any day of the week over this silly place .	ihop	positive
i 'll take ihop any day of the week over this silly place .	place	negative
this is the general manager talking me a former employee and customer like this !	general manager	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
but the availability of truly great beer is a thing of wonder .	beer	positive
this place has excellent pizza and wings .	pizza	positive
this place has excellent pizza and wings .	wings	positive
amazing service and food .	service	positive
amazing service and food .	food	positive
wings are outstanding as well .	wings	positive
the situation of the restroom : the sugar bowl was established in _num_ .	restroom	negative
the situation of the restroom : the sugar bowl was established in _num_ .	sugar bowl	positive
soup was great , potato was large and good .	soup	positive
soup was great , potato was large and good .	potato	positive
my favorite part was the train ride .	train ride	positive
i sent multiple emails and never heard back from management after i moved out .	management	negative
the place was too small and had too much flies in it .	place	negative
love this place .	place	positive
food and beer were good , but the service that night was awful .	food	positive
food and beer were good , but the service that night was awful .	beer	positive
food and beer were good , but the service that night was awful .	service	negative
i have always used this discount tire .	discount tire	positive
the peanut sauce tasted like it should , so that was good !	peanut sauce	positive
lon 's is no longer the dining gem as it was in the past .	dining gem	negative
however , no toast was present .	toast	negative
they have a great area for children and helpful staff .	staff	positive
i could actually see the pizza base through the toppings , sauce and cheese .	pizza base	positive
i could actually see the pizza base through the toppings , sauce and cheese .	toppings	positive
i could actually see the pizza base through the toppings , sauce and cheese .	sauce	positive
i could actually see the pizza base through the toppings , sauce and cheese .	cheese	positive
consistently good aj 's location .	aj	positive
consistently good aj 's location .	location	positive
no utensils were delivered and the salad was a costly mess .	utensils	negative
no utensils were delivered and the salad was a costly mess .	salad	negative
food is great , better selection .	food	positive
food is great , better selection .	selection	positive
the stereo they installed sounds and looks great .	stereo	positive
this dental office only caused headaches for my boyfriend and i .	dental office	negative
great food , friendly staff .	food	positive
great food , friendly staff .	staff	positive
currently waiting for my food in the drive thru .	food	positive
i was very satisfied with the service received from dodge electric .	service	positive
waste of time , waste of a day , horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
the atmosphere here is nice , too .	atmosphere	positive
our server , judy was a delight , full of energy .	server	positive
ordered a chocolate milkshake and it was very runny .	chocolate milkshake	negative
sorry , the famous ribs were short on meat and overcooked .	ribs	negative
sorry , the famous ribs were short on meat and overcooked .	meat	negative
the bill was $ _num_ and not worth half that .	bill	negative
every person that i visited with at the shop was friendly and helpful .	shop	positive
i love this chinese food !	chinese food	positive
advanced auto found it right away .	auto	positive
it is well worth the stop !	stop	positive
wonderful service ; friendly , family-owned business ; very reasonable price -- highly recommend !	service	positive
wonderful service ; friendly , family-owned business ; very reasonable price -- highly recommend !	price	positive
this burrito was so spicy i could not finish it .	burrito	negative
these folks are authentic .	folks	positive
its definitely a cool place to check out if you 're in the area !	place	positive
its definitely a cool place to check out if you 're in the area !	area	positive
authentic italian , pizzas calzones and sandwiches are excellent but spirits a bit pricey .	pizzas calzones	positive
authentic italian , pizzas calzones and sandwiches are excellent but spirits a bit pricey .	sandwiches	positive
great place , fast service , nice bunch of guys .	place	positive
great place , fast service , nice bunch of guys .	service	positive
the food was delicious with gigantic portions .	food	positive
the food was delicious with gigantic portions .	portions	positive
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	bagels	negative
that is really what this place is for ... something different for the kids .	place	positive
the atmosphere is very relaxed and the environment is very inviting .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is very relaxed and the environment is very inviting .	environment	positive
the food was heavy , americanized `` mexican '' food .	food	negative
the food was heavy , americanized `` mexican '' food .	food	negative
our food arrived still hot and was packaged so cute .	food	positive
good young , single crowd most of the time .	crowd	positive
dr. brown was very knowledgable and nice to both us and our pet .	pet	positive
the breakfast club is as good as you 'll find .	breakfast club	positive
and the staff will make you feel like you are coming home .	staff	negative
staff is very friendly and always glad to see you !	staff	positive
the tom karen gai is flavorful & fresh .	tom karen gai	positive
some good beer specials , which is rare on game day .	beer specials	positive
the food was great .	food	positive
the beef enchilada my husband had was fantastic and tostada was delicious .	beef enchilada	positive
the beef enchilada my husband had was fantastic and tostada was delicious .	tostada	positive
hands down the best bagels in town .	bagels	positive
nothing super fancy on the menu - just wholesome , authentic mexican food .	menu	positive
nothing super fancy on the menu - just wholesome , authentic mexican food .	mexican food	positive
you could have taken our order and then told our waiter .	waiter	negative
the other dish was poorly executed and just tasted bad .	dish	negative
the oranges are amazing !	oranges	positive
kudos , to all of you at penske !	kudos	positive
the chips and salsa are also a huge plus !	chips	positive
the chips and salsa are also a huge plus !	salsa	positive
his staff is courteous , knowledgeable and super friendly .	staff	positive
nothing costs over $ _num_ ... great people , great service !	people	positive
nothing costs over $ _num_ ... great people , great service !	service	positive
yes , it was a sirloin and would i like a rib-eye .	sirloin	positive
a recent trip to the scottsdale location did n't live up to those memories .	location	negative
i really do love this place .	place	positive
the presentation was gorgeous .	presentation	positive
i got an short a line bob and i love it .	line bob	positive
the following day i took my jeep into midas for a quick oil change .	oil change	positive
not too happy with haircut , i felt like she didnt listen to me .	haircut	negative
i 'd avoid this place at all costs !	place	negative
but we warn you , it 's definitely a meal so come hungry !	meal	negative
there is an amazing selection of sodas .	selection of sodas	positive
this is a must when we are in phx .	phx	positive
they are late calling in prescription .	prescription	negative
great place to watch sports .	sports	positive
was there a shooting here or something , because this is ridiculous .	shooting	negative
the staff is just absolutely amazing .	staff	positive
staff was really friendly and attentive .	staff	positive
even the fitness room was the best i 've ever seen in a hotel .	fitness room	positive
this place was even drive through and it was amazing .	place	positive
plus , the place looked cheap and not that clean .	place	positive
table is constantly served with fresh , thin slices of pita .	table	positive
table is constantly served with fresh , thin slices of pita .	served	positive
table is constantly served with fresh , thin slices of pita .	slices of pita	positive
eggs were perfect ham was moist .	eggs	positive
eggs were perfect ham was moist .	ham	positive
the wax job was horrible .	wax job	negative
service is excellent .	service	positive
the community is quiet .	community	negative
ugh , avoid this place .	place	negative
plus the atmosphere is very cool and trendy .	atmosphere	positive
liked this place !	place	positive
they do not respect our flag !	flag	negative
great atmosphere and wonderful staff !	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and wonderful staff !	staff	positive
i really come here for the great location and unique building .	location	positive
i really come here for the great location and unique building .	building	positive
eh , fairly small store .	store	negative
the security staff is pretty awesome as well as the bartenders .	security staff	positive
the security staff is pretty awesome as well as the bartenders .	bartenders	positive
zero stars not accepted , sadly as that is , my rating .	rating	negative
the hosts are always thoughtful about where they seat guests .	hosts	positive
the owner of this water and ice is our absolute favorite .	owner	positive
the owner of this water and ice is our absolute favorite .	water and ice	positive
the guys here are great !	guys	positive
why on earth would n't a manager let customers know _num_ minutes before close ?	manager	negative
why on earth would n't a manager let customers know _num_ minutes before close ?	customers	negative
i think the biggest disappointment was the service .	service	negative
service has always been great , by the way .	service	positive
the slaw was terrible and was just plain cabbage .	cabbage	negative
the flavor is somehow bold and bland at the same time .	flavor	negative
this is my wife 's favorite place to eat in scottsdale .	place	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
hardly any flavor to them and very little sugar coating on the outside .	flavor	negative
hardly any flavor to them and very little sugar coating on the outside .	sugar coating	negative
tofu burnt and dry .	tofu	negative
also , the two women that work the counter are friendly and sexy .	counter	positive
great bike shop !	bike shop	positive
i would give this place less than _num_ star if it were possible .	place	negative
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	customer service	negative
i was excited to find another inexpensive mexican restaurant close to where i live .	mexican	positive
had very nice experience with take out .	take out	positive
any delivery driver from this location , speak to your manger .	delivery driver	positive
any delivery driver from this location , speak to your manger .	manger	positive
the cost was very reasonable and their work is top notch .	cost	positive
the cost was very reasonable and their work is top notch .	work	positive
he replied that regardless , i parked walked inside and then walked out .	parked	negative
needless to say my friends and i took our money elsewhere for the evening .	money	negative
but ... $ _num_ for a margarita at lunch time ?	margarita	positive
she is funny and has a magical way with color .	color	positive
salsa is homemade and so good .	salsa	positive
everyone there is super friendly .	everyone	positive
too bad cause we 're locals who love mexican food .	mexican food	positive
mindy is my favorite for a good hair cut .	hair cut	positive
our waiter was nice and attentive .	waiter	positive
cool spot and good , but it did n't knock my socks off .	spot	positive
service is attentive , prompt , and pleasant .	service	positive
star _num_ : how were the portions relative to the cost ?	portions	negative
star _num_ : how were the portions relative to the cost ?	cost	negative
they have a great customer service .	customer service	positive
overpriced menu and they wonder why it is half empty on a friday night !	menu	negative
called and made an appointment to get my tire repaired .	tire	negative
the cake had a great flavor and texture .	cake	positive
the service here was great .	service	positive
great selection .	selection	positive
ok their pizza and wine is good too .	pizza	positive
ok their pizza and wine is good too .	wine	positive
good service , decent drink specials during happy hour , and great sushi !	service	positive
good service , decent drink specials during happy hour , and great sushi !	drink specials	positive
good service , decent drink specials during happy hour , and great sushi !	sushi	positive
but good sandwiches .	sandwiches	positive
the nachos here , were made with more gourmet ingredients .	nachos	positive
the nachos here , were made with more gourmet ingredients .	ingredients	positive
for unlimited bowling for only _num_ hours .	bowling	positive
`` banana muffin '' was vanilla cream cupcake ?	banana muffin ''	positive
`` banana muffin '' was vanilla cream cupcake ?	vanilla cream cupcake	positive
love love love this place !	place	positive
server was not friendly , french toast was dry bread inside .	server	negative
server was not friendly , french toast was dry bread inside .	french toast	negative
i highly recommend this shop , huge selections of different things .	shop	positive
save your _num_ hours and money .	money	positive
_num_ people standing doing nothing while one person makes drinks .	drinks	negative
the pho is super bland !	pho	negative
there are plenty of tvs and the food is awesome .	food	positive
thank you for encouraging us to give this location another try !	location	positive
the best bar in the valley to see live music .	bar	positive
the best bar in the valley to see live music .	live music	positive
other than that - we love this place and will keep going back .	place	positive
the service is great and extremely quick .	service	positive
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !	place	positive
wifi is fast and reliable too .	wifi	positive
i 've lived here _num_ weeks and it 's appalling to live here .	_num_	positive
very nice establishment !	establishment	positive
highly recommend this resort .	resort	positive
the live entertainment was a great plus too .	live entertainment	positive
i love the hummus from here !	hummus	positive
i tried the chicken , carnitas , and carne asada burritos .	chicken	positive
i tried the chicken , carnitas , and carne asada burritos .	carnitas	positive
i tried the chicken , carnitas , and carne asada burritos .	carne asada burritos	positive
this store is my favorite !	store	positive
portions are great .	portions	positive
great local tap and bottle selection .	local tap	positive
great local tap and bottle selection .	bottle selection	positive
decent food , we had very good service .	food	positive
decent food , we had very good service .	service	positive
perfect pricing for the quality & quantity .	pricing	positive
perfect pricing for the quality & quantity .	quality	positive
perfect pricing for the quality & quantity .	quantity	positive
the food was excellent .	food	positive
price is right .	price	positive
great location within walking distance to many restaurants .	location	positive
some of us prefer to use that because the staff stinks .	staff	negative
why would you eat this garbage ?	garbage	negative
ordering was easy and smooth .	ordering	positive
jade palace in north scottsdale is our favorite chinese food in town .	jade palace	positive
jade palace in north scottsdale is our favorite chinese food in town .	chinese food	positive
drinks : watered down margaritas .	drinks	negative
drinks : watered down margaritas .	margaritas	positive
the big problem was the waiter and waitress .	waiter	negative
the big problem was the waiter and waitress .	waitress	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
plus it 's in a nice area and the decor is pleasant .	area	positive
plus it 's in a nice area and the decor is pleasant .	decor	positive
excellent food and service !	food	positive
excellent food and service !	service	positive
last night _num_ of my girlfriends and i had dinner here .	dinner	positive
dr. price is great !	price	positive
each room is unique , quiet and well detailed .	room	positive
their prices are very reasonable as well .	prices	positive
whole family finds what they like and the burgers are fantastic .	burgers	positive
prices reasonable .	prices	positive
i will not be bringing my business back here .	business	negative
my drink was n't bad .	drink	positive
the tortillas are paper thin and have zero flavor .	tortillas	negative
very loud atmosphere .	atmosphere	negative
thank you so much guys for everything .	guys	positive
breakfast , lunch or dinner , you picked a winner with this place !	breakfast	positive
breakfast , lunch or dinner , you picked a winner with this place !	lunch	positive
breakfast , lunch or dinner , you picked a winner with this place !	dinner	positive
breakfast , lunch or dinner , you picked a winner with this place !	place	positive
well , this place is now under new ownership .	place	positive
a friend asked me about this review , almost a year later .	review	positive
he was very attentive and he always made sure our drinks were full .	drinks	positive
my hair looks perfect , lauren did an amazing job as always !	hair	positive
an hour wait at 8:30 on a monday night ?	wait	negative
the food was completely bland .	food	negative
the staff members i 've interacted with have been pleasant .	staff members	positive
the office staff at this office is absolutely horrible .	office staff	negative
yes alexis is awesome .	alexis	positive
as the host they made me look good and i love looking good .	host	positive
the guys were really nice and quick .	guys	positive
are n't they all pretty much the same layout with relatively similar menus .	layout	negative
are n't they all pretty much the same layout with relatively similar menus .	menus	negative
try something new instead of the old burger joint , you will love it !	burger joint	positive
i would n't recommend doing their online education program .	online education program	negative
love bob 's bike shop !	bike shop	positive
there are a lot of picture opportunities .	picture opportunities	positive
a few days later , i 'm hearing the same noise .	noise	negative
it was memorial day weekend and the staff was on their toes .	staff	positive
i was ignored by the bartenders and other staff members .	bartenders	negative
i was ignored by the bartenders and other staff members .	staff	negative
good food , a bit pricey .	food	positive
liked the set up and had a good vibe .	set up	positive
liked the set up and had a good vibe .	vibe	positive
sort of an older crowd when i was there .	crowd	negative
the people who working there are super nice !	people	positive
our waiter jim was great !	waiter jim	positive
keep it up joes , thanks for restoring hope for ny pizza out here .	joes	positive
keep it up joes , thanks for restoring hope for ny pizza out here .	pizza	positive
service and quality of food was consistently high each time .	service	positive
service and quality of food was consistently high each time .	quality of food	positive
the food sucked and the waiter was rude !	food	negative
the food sucked and the waiter was rude !	waiter	negative
the staff is friendly and the pizza is delicious .	staff	positive
the staff is friendly and the pizza is delicious .	pizza	positive
the home made sausages are wonderful .	sausages	positive
the pie for desert was okay .	pie for desert	positive
or for free , out of a trash bin .	trash bin	negative
you get what you pay for as they 're stuffed full of delicious ingredients .	ingredients	positive
first time in the city and this place has amazing kabobs .	kabobs	positive
very good selection , and fast service .	selection	positive
very good selection , and fast service .	service	positive
i hope they always stay in business .	business	positive
the rice options are all very good .	rice options	positive
waitress seemed annoyed , disinterested , and fake .	waitress	negative
the wonderful smell brought us in .	smell	positive
we would have been better off with a lunch at one of the casinos .	lunch	negative
the staff there were unbelievably kind and thoughtful .	staff	positive
that is , if you also like rude people .	people	negative
berry berry nice !	berry berry	positive
top notch margaritas , excellent green chile options , salads , burgers .	margaritas	positive
top notch margaritas , excellent green chile options , salads , burgers .	green chile options	positive
top notch margaritas , excellent green chile options , salads , burgers .	salads	positive
top notch margaritas , excellent green chile options , salads , burgers .	burgers	positive
food was great !	food	positive
they deserve no one 's business .	business	negative
everything was fantastic and the server was very informative and helpful .	server	positive
they have definitely upgraded this location since the last time i was here .	location	negative
i pay the dude and the gal starts making my salad .	gal	positive
i pay the dude and the gal starts making my salad .	salad	positive
we tried pepperoni and one with chicken it 's probably cafeteria quality .	pepperoni	positive
well at least if you have good company ; ) .	company	positive
beautifully maintained and more than reasonably priced .	priced	positive
husband had the pork burrito with red sauce .	pork burrito with red sauce	positive
seemed like a typical hole in the wall cheap sports bar .	sports bar	positive
they also make the best margaritas i have ever had .	margaritas	positive
great atmosphere , great people , and the bartenders are amazing !	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere , great people , and the bartenders are amazing !	people	positive
great atmosphere , great people , and the bartenders are amazing !	bartenders	positive
oh and do n't forget the tiramisu ... what the heck ... just terrible !	tiramisu	negative
filet ) was succulent and perfectly cooked at medium rare .	filet )	positive
filet ) was succulent and perfectly cooked at medium rare .	cooked	positive
food is always great , service is usually great as well .	food	positive
food is always great , service is usually great as well .	service	positive
keep up the great work .	work	positive
the roast beef sandwich was too fatty and the au jus was too salty .	roast beef sandwich	negative
the roast beef sandwich was too fatty and the au jus was too salty .	au jus	negative
you get an annoying fax machine sound .	fax machine sound	negative
love this place !	place	positive
just finished a great dinner at cowboy ciao .	dinner	positive
just drive down the street to dobson ranch .	dobson ranch	positive
i was very disappointed with the clinic .	clinic	negative
great customer service !	customer service	positive
do not waste your time with this vet !	vet	positive
the place is very nicely laid out and extremely comfortable .	place	positive
those guys were great .	guys	positive
i highly recommend this office .	office	positive
great people make great flower arrangements !	people	positive
great people make great flower arrangements !	flower arrangements	positive
i liked my meal .	meal	positive
beautiful inside .	inside	positive
the anniversary sale is right around the corner and i can not wait .	anniversary sale	positive
we thoroughly enjoyed the dining experience .	dining experience	positive
we asked for both with no sour cream .	sour cream	negative
it is served with a warm croissant and the garlic dressing is the best .	served	positive
it is served with a warm croissant and the garlic dressing is the best .	croissant	positive
it is served with a warm croissant and the garlic dressing is the best .	garlic dressing	positive
my sausage and hashbrowns were cold .	sausage	negative
my sausage and hashbrowns were cold .	hashbrowns	negative
it 's clean and has a wide variety of equipment .	equipment	positive
their customer service skills are worse than mcdonalds employees .	customer service	negative
the dining room downstairs is nice also .	dining room downstairs	positive
way to go mark kia , your bs ways just lost you _num_ grand .	bs	positive
the customer service was great .	customer service	positive
so pleased , this will be our salon home .	salon	positive
the show was great .	show	positive
i 've gotten several compliments on my gorgeous nails !	nails	positive
the service was fine , but the food was just so bad .	service	positive
the service was fine , but the food was just so bad .	food	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
the food is just as delicious as their tortillas .	food	positive
the food is just as delicious as their tortillas .	tortillas	positive
first dive bar i have truly enjoyed since moving to phoenix .	dive bar	positive
scottsdale at its best !	scottsdale	positive
the service was friendly and efficient and kept the drinks filled .	service	positive
the service was friendly and efficient and kept the drinks filled .	drinks	positive
food was good , served in large portions .	food	positive
food was good , served in large portions .	served	positive
food was good , served in large portions .	portions	positive
life is too short to eat crap .	life	negative
definitely better than your average bar food here .	bar food	positive
knew what he was doing , great customer service .	customer service	positive
this is a terrible college .	college	negative
i enjoyed the greek combo immensely !	greek combo	positive
it 's clean and their daily specials menu is always unique and delicious .	daily specials menu	positive
portions are a good size , and overall well made .	portions	positive
very , very nice course .	course	positive
should they not have checked before they gave me the car back ?	car	negative
it was extremely over priced and the sushi was nothing to get excited about .	priced	negative
it was extremely over priced and the sushi was nothing to get excited about .	sushi	negative
the food is good .	food	positive
wish there was n't a fence in front of stage .	fence	negative
this school is terrible !	school	negative
definetely worth the ride ( we live on the west valley ) .	ride	positive
best subway ever !	subway	positive
our minimum drink tab was more expensive than the ticket .	minimum drink tab	negative
our minimum drink tab was more expensive than the ticket .	ticket	negative
love this place !	place	positive
food quality began to suffer as recipes and ingredients were changed .	food quality	negative
food quality began to suffer as recipes and ingredients were changed .	recipes	negative
food quality began to suffer as recipes and ingredients were changed .	ingredients	negative
this is one of my favorite if not favorite happy hour spots .	spots	positive
great lunch .	lunch	positive
the waiter at the spa pool on the other hand was a jerk .	waiter	negative
the waiter at the spa pool on the other hand was a jerk .	spa pool	negative
the waitress did the best she can because it was very busy .	waitress	negative
such a beautiful place .	place	positive
the best salon in town !	salon	positive
americanized chinese food that is overwhelmingly average .	chinese food	negative
good beer and wine selection .	beer	positive
good beer and wine selection .	wine selection	positive
morgan and wendy are the best bartenders in town .	bartenders	positive
oh , yes , and the chocolate here is amazing !	chocolate	positive
we sold it for full list price , $ _num_ .	list price	positive
enjoyed yet another visit to the coach house !	coach house	positive
thanks for the pizza guys !	pizza guys	positive
the service was amazing !	service	positive
i highly recommend becky !	becky	positive
friendly server and yummy options for breakfast !	server	positive
friendly server and yummy options for breakfast !	options	positive
outback has always had great steaks , great service for a decent price .	steaks	positive
outback has always had great steaks , great service for a decent price .	service	positive
outback has always had great steaks , great service for a decent price .	price	positive
the salon is always clean and has a positive atmosphere .	salon	positive
the salon is always clean and has a positive atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
wait staff did n't seem interested when taking our order .	wait staff	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
over all its a good value .	value	positive
this is the spot for a good time !	spot	positive
excellent pizza , pasta , salad , wine , and service .	pizza	positive
excellent pizza , pasta , salad , wine , and service .	pasta	positive
excellent pizza , pasta , salad , wine , and service .	salad	positive
excellent pizza , pasta , salad , wine , and service .	wine	positive
excellent pizza , pasta , salad , wine , and service .	service	positive
we started off with the bruschetta and it was different but delicious .	bruschetta	positive
best eggroll in town !	eggroll	positive
cooked to perfection , with an impeccable peppercorn sauce .	peppercorn sauce	positive
this location has plenty of parking and lots of seats too .	location	positive
this location has plenty of parking and lots of seats too .	parking	positive
this location has plenty of parking and lots of seats too .	lots of seats	positive
defalco 's has the honor to be my first favorite sandwich shop .	sandwich	positive
i love these girls ( and my hair ! )	girls	positive
i love these girls ( and my hair ! )	hair	positive
really good chips and salsa and good food .	chips and salsa	positive
really good chips and salsa and good food .	food	positive
the location is perfect .	location	positive
i do recommend reservations !	reservations	positive
very best pizza in town and likely most inexpensive in town during happy hour .	pizza	positive
best soup and sandwich in the valley !	soup	positive
best soup and sandwich in the valley !	sandwich	positive
the place smelled like garbage ... i am not kidding .	place	negative
food is mediocre at best .	food	negative
their supreme breakfast burrito is the best ive ever tasted !	supreme breakfast burrito	positive
no silverware in the bag .	silverware	negative
horrible customer service at the front desk .	customer service	negative
i know i 'm being hard on this place .	place	negative
i love mexican food & i shall be back !	mexican food	positive
i ca n't say enough good things about this place !	place	negative
food was awful .	food	negative
s scottsdale to get take out .	take	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
the rice was old and tasteless .	rice	negative
later on the original waiter came and said he 'd help us out .	waiter	positive
after waiting 10-15 minutes to hear the news , he offered a dinner salad .	dinner salad	positive
i also love the super thin noodles they use .	noodles	positive
horrible service !	service	negative
certainly not grilled ; watery .	grilled	negative
the service spectacular .	service	positive
great place for authentic italian food .	italian food	positive
my steak was almost rare , i asked for med well .	steak	negative
excellent food selections and helpful staff .	food selections	positive
excellent food selections and helpful staff .	staff	positive
and the lobster tails were the same tiny size as my mothers .	lobster tails	negative
classic italian restaurant !	italian	positive
typical p f changs quality food and good service .	food	positive
typical p f changs quality food and good service .	service	positive
this chicken is among the best fried bird i have ever tasted .	chicken	positive
this chicken is among the best fried bird i have ever tasted .	fried bird	positive
happy shopping !	shopping	positive
most slides were simple and boring .	slides	negative
food was excellent and prices were very reasonable .	food	positive
food was excellent and prices were very reasonable .	prices	positive
i love ordering food from here !	food	positive
if that 's your thing , this is your place .	place	positive
best thai soup i have had !	thai soup	positive
also they pay little to nothing for clothes .	clothes	negative
staff was very friendly and helpful for ordering as well !	staff	positive
enormous calzones , really great pizza , thin flavorful crust , tasty sauce .	calzones	positive
enormous calzones , really great pizza , thin flavorful crust , tasty sauce .	pizza	positive
enormous calzones , really great pizza , thin flavorful crust , tasty sauce .	crust	positive
enormous calzones , really great pizza , thin flavorful crust , tasty sauce .	sauce	positive
my gf got the wings , and she loved them too .	gf	positive
my gf got the wings , and she loved them too .	wings	positive
water boiled bagels and amazing variations .	water boiled bagels	positive
the person at serrano 's told me the price was _num_ !	price	positive
i would recommend looking around outside of the islands community .	islands	positive
wait staff was very friendly on on top of everything .	wait staff	positive
great sales .	sales	positive
persian ( rose water ) ice cream with baklava is my personal favorite !	persian ( rose water ) ice cream with baklava	positive
a good old fashioned cheeseburger and friendly staff .	cheeseburger	positive
a good old fashioned cheeseburger and friendly staff .	staff	positive
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	store	negative
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	management	negative
it gets busy and the service is horribly slow .	service	negative
eventually , our drinks ran out - me and bbq ?	drinks	negative
eventually , our drinks ran out - me and bbq ?	bbq	negative
meatballs were the best i ever had !	meatballs	positive
the people do n't care !	people	negative
i highly recommend this place to every local i discuss food with .	food	positive
in old town it 's very well priced !	priced	positive
this is a wonderful store .	store	positive
drinks were weak .	drinks	negative
this place is great !	place	positive
i loved the mixed crowd and decor too .	mixed crowd	positive
i loved the mixed crowd and decor too .	decor	positive
i would definitely recommend this salon .	salon	positive
some of the best chips and salsa around .	chips	positive
and it was one of the best cakes i had ever eaten .	cakes	positive
spicy lobster roll was awesome .	spicy lobster roll	positive
the food always comes out fast and hot !	food	positive
tried talking to manager and she just was not understanding us .	manager	negative
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	diners	negative
a complete waste of money .	money	negative
we always bring our out of town friends to check this place out .	place	positive
regular drinks are $ _num_ off , but use great spirits .	drinks	negative
regular drinks are $ _num_ off , but use great spirits .	spirits	positive
the manager is extremely helpful , he knows his pools and parts .	manager	positive
the manager is extremely helpful , he knows his pools and parts .	pools	positive
the manager is extremely helpful , he knows his pools and parts .	parts	positive
what an amazing place to have dinner after a round of golf .	dinner	positive
what an amazing place to have dinner after a round of golf .	round of golf	positive
i was just really disappointed in the quality of the food i received .	quality	negative
i was just really disappointed in the quality of the food i received .	food	negative
on the other hand , the food leaves much to be desired .	food	negative
love this place !	place	positive
the only decent thing we had were the curly fries .	curly fries	positive
one of my favorite spots !	spots	positive
lovely staff and a one service .	staff	positive
lovely staff and a one service .	service	positive
tipped the bartender _num_ % on our to go meal and waited forever !	bartender	negative
tipped the bartender _num_ % on our to go meal and waited forever !	meal	negative
make your own _num_ pack and bring it home if you want .	_num_ pack	positive
went to lunch here for the 1st time in a while .	lunch	positive
great wings , delicious pizza and super friendly service !	wings	positive
great wings , delicious pizza and super friendly service !	pizza	positive
great wings , delicious pizza and super friendly service !	service	positive
the oatmeal we ordered had no taste .	oatmeal	negative
they were not wearing any hair hats and it was not sanitary .	hair hats	negative
just a total waste of time energy and money .	energy	negative
just a total waste of time energy and money .	money	negative
the cookies and brownies get _num_ stars on their own .	cookies	positive
the cookies and brownies get _num_ stars on their own .	brownies	positive
another $ _num_ bucks .	$	positive
service is good !	service	positive
the set of _num_ tires were over $ _num_ .	set	negative
i wanted some type of local food and i found this place with yelp .	local food	positive
love love love !	love	positive
i called the manager twice and left messages but no response .	manager	negative
on my 5th laser appointment , i got burnt .	laser appointment	negative
`` i do n't have to pick up the keg ! ''	keg	positive
i love this place and ca n't get enough .	place	positive
i love this place and ca n't get enough .	ca	positive
i was very disappointed with the quality & service .	quality	negative
i was very disappointed with the quality & service .	service	negative
good service , cox .	service	positive
still had lots of fun watching spring training games here .	spring	positive
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	price	negative
they also do free tire checks and will maintain the air pressure for you .	tire checks	positive
they also do free tire checks and will maintain the air pressure for you .	air	positive
the bartender got a $ _num_ tip .	bartender	positive
the owner is amazing and takes care of everyone that comes in .	owner	positive
he did n't seem to care for his job .	job	negative
juan is great .	juan	positive
it was a perfect dining experience from start to finish .	dining experience	positive
the indoor area is clean with tvs and shit .	indoor area	positive
the indoor area is clean with tvs and shit .	tvs	positive
the chef , his food and his staff are a perfect combination .	chef	positive
the chef , his food and his staff are a perfect combination .	food	positive
the chef , his food and his staff are a perfect combination .	staff	positive
everything on thier menu is phenomenal .	menu	positive
i also had the bruschetta trio and it was also good .	bruschetta trio	positive
stay away & do n't waste your money !	money	negative
doubt if we will ever return to this restaurant again .	restaurant	negative
food is great -they have local music .	food	positive
food is great -they have local music .	music	positive
been there multiple times for massages .	massages	positive
the staff was very friendly and the food was good .	staff	positive
the staff was very friendly and the food was good .	food	positive
the soups were horrible and smelled bad .	soups	negative
i tried two appetizers - both were not good and both overpriced .	appetizers	negative
then it grew to _num_ customers and one waitress .	waitress	positive
avoid this store at all costs .	store	negative
i agree with other posts that the starter was rude .	starter	negative
it 's away from the clubs and bars .	clubs	negative
it 's away from the clubs and bars .	bars	negative
the associates are always friendly , knowledgeable , and very helpful .	associates	positive
two of us had margaritas and they were very good too !	margaritas	positive
love this place !	place	positive
a bowl of soup , veggie platter , margherita and guacamole cost $ _num_ .	bowl of soup , veggie platter	positive
a bowl of soup , veggie platter , margherita and guacamole cost $ _num_ .	margherita	positive
a bowl of soup , veggie platter , margherita and guacamole cost $ _num_ .	guacamole	positive
talk about great customers service !	customers service	positive
our appetizer came out only moments before our food .	appetizer	positive
our appetizer came out only moments before our food .	food	positive
iceberg lettuce ?	iceberg lettuce	positive
the rancho pinot grill is outstanding .	rancho pinot grill	positive
here take your $ _num_ back !	$	positive
do not support businesses that do not understand customer service .	customer service	negative
bad service and nasty food .	service	negative
bad service and nasty food .	food	negative
very cozy place with seemingly nice people .	place	positive
very cozy place with seemingly nice people .	people	positive
the sausage was served on a separate plate all alone .	sausage	negative
the sausage was served on a separate plate all alone .	served	negative
minestrone soup was mediocre .	minestrone soup	negative
the owners are so cheap they never turn the ac on .	owners	positive
talk about amazing customer service !	customer service	positive
very nice place in old scottsdale .	place	positive
yet i 've had _num_ times better chinese food around the same price .	chinese food	positive
yet i 've had _num_ times better chinese food around the same price .	price	negative
i really do n't like this particular kona grill .	kona grill	negative
it 's pretty hard to pick a glass or bottle .	glass	negative
it 's pretty hard to pick a glass or bottle .	bottle	negative
my vision has never been anywhere near this good !	vision	positive
josh was absolutely great .	josh	positive
this little place was great !	place	positive
the service is always good .	service	positive
your health matters and should be thoroughly explained .	health	positive
my fajitas were a salty , oily pile of onions & peppers .	fajitas	negative
my fajitas were a salty , oily pile of onions & peppers .	onions & peppers	negative
no garnish .	garnish	negative
the fish is very fresh and reasonably priced .	fish	positive
the fish is very fresh and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
the food was ok , nothing special .	food	negative
however , i just had to drop a class because of their slow service .	service	negative
perfect spot for anyone who loves sports and great food .	spot	positive
perfect spot for anyone who loves sports and great food .	food	positive
rotisserie chicken is excellent !	rotisserie chicken	positive
we really enjoyed the old town tortilla factory .	tortilla factory	positive
just to tell everyone how amazing this place was !	place	positive
do n't waste your time or money at this place .	money	positive
do n't waste your time or money at this place .	place	positive
this place made my stomach flip !	place	positive
reasonable price tickets and a delightful show .	price tickets	positive
reasonable price tickets and a delightful show .	show	positive
we recently chose this restaurant to celebrate a birthday .	restaurant	positive
guy at the counter was nice , only plus .	guy	positive
guy at the counter was nice , only plus .	counter	positive
if you 're visiting scottsdale , this place is a must chill out at !	place	positive
service is very quick and friendly .	service	positive
this means that over _num_ % of the carpet was covered by furniture .	carpet	negative
this means that over _num_ % of the carpet was covered by furniture .	furniture	negative
my wife and i love this place .	place	positive
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !	green chile mac and cheese	positive
my advice is to only go here for dessert .	dessert	positive
thanks for making me look good paradise valley florist !	paradise valley florist	positive
not sure why they do n't turn on the ac .	ac	negative
i really love this baby boutique !	baby boutique	positive
_num_ minutes later we get a small salad with dressing on .	salad with dressing	positive
they want money ... you got money ... enough said .	money	negative
great food !	food	positive
the bread was frozen bread , the soup tasted like out of a can .	bread	negative
the bread was frozen bread , the soup tasted like out of a can .	bread	negative
the bread was frozen bread , the soup tasted like out of a can .	soup	negative
both vets ( dad and son ) are amazing with great puppy side manner .	puppy side manner	positive
the staff here are wonderful .	staff	positive
her feeling were hurt and she left the restaurant crying .	feeling	negative
i highly recommend this place and ca n't wait to go back !	place	positive
i highly recommend this place and ca n't wait to go back !	ca	positive
great customer service and very knowledgeable .	customer service	positive
great marriott property conveniently located within walking distance from lots of restaurants and bars .	marriott property	positive
great marriott property conveniently located within walking distance from lots of restaurants and bars .	bars	positive
this is a perfect place for lunch .	lunch	positive
the customer service is really great here .	customer service	positive
i found tottie 's by doing a search for best asian food in scottsdale .	asian food	positive
the food is good standard italian with attentive service .	food	positive
the food is good standard italian with attentive service .	service	positive
the fish was definitely fresh and fried to perfection .	fish	positive
the best persian food i 've ever tried .	persian food	positive
the patio area is really cool !	patio area	positive
my friends tried different ones and were happy with the price and variety .	price	positive
my friends tried different ones and were happy with the price and variety .	variety	positive
the cannoli shell was crisp & fresh and filling was smooth light .	cannoli shell	positive
always a pleasure doing business with them .	business	positive
keep up the great work !	work	positive
rude bartender .	bartender	negative
the young one and i headed north for some grub .	grub	positive
easily the best `` mexican '' food i 've ever had .	mexican	positive
easily the best `` mexican '' food i 've ever had .	food	positive
its family friendly and has a small outside area for dining too .	dining	positive
i would n't recommend this place .	place	negative
my insurance fully covers all routine visits ( cleaning , basic x-rays ) .	insurance	positive
my insurance fully covers all routine visits ( cleaning , basic x-rays ) .	cleaning	positive
they also have a ton of things for decorating your pad .	pad	positive
very friendly owners .	owners	positive
she said it was so delicious and filling she had it for lunch .	lunch	positive
will always recommend this place to people .	place	positive
yep , this was great pizza .	pizza	positive
i love it toasted with a little butter , or even as a sandwich .	toasted	positive
i love it toasted with a little butter , or even as a sandwich .	butter	positive
i love it toasted with a little butter , or even as a sandwich .	sandwich	positive
love this place .	place	positive
the view from my front door is literally a pile of garbage .	view	negative
great breakfast place located in old town scottsdale .	breakfast place	positive
that place is disgusting anyways .	place	negative
this pizza just saved my life !	pizza	positive
called the front desk , explained our problems and requested a new room .	front desk	positive
called the front desk , explained our problems and requested a new room .	room	positive
walked in tonight hoping for sushi dinner for two .	sushi dinner	positive
pizza was excellent with a very crunchy and flavorful crust .	pizza	positive
pizza was excellent with a very crunchy and flavorful crust .	crust	positive
service was very friendly and timely .	service	positive
the staff are friendly .	staff	positive
these guys are awesome !	guys	positive
why waste my time and money here ?	money	negative
brilliant , and possibly my second favorite breakfast place in scottsdale now .	breakfast place	positive
went into ra to grab a drink with a few friends .	drink	positive
a great museum to visit .	museum	positive
it was n't cold at all and definitely was n't worth the money .	money	negative
but it ' really big on service and excellent adult beverages .	service	positive
but it ' really big on service and excellent adult beverages .	adult beverages	positive
i loved the location and the food .	location	positive
i loved the location and the food .	food	positive
the garlic fries were n't much better .	garlic fries	negative
the pizza was cheap and tasted pretty good .	pizza	positive
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )	drunken dragon noodles	positive
: ) awesome service !	service	positive
this quaint produce market is a gem .	produce market	positive
excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
the chocolate desert was good .	chocolate desert	positive
i usually take the food to go ... ... .	food	positive
i was completely impressed with the entire business .	business	positive
i highly reccomend checking new tokyo out !	new tokyo	positive
it 's the best prices and selection of produce .	prices	positive
it 's the best prices and selection of produce .	selection of produce	positive
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .	golf club	positive
also , the owner andrew , is super great .	owner	positive
this place is pretty disgusting .	place	negative
the owner has been difficult from day one promising to pay me cod .	owner	negative
simple tasty food , and good german beer .	food	positive
simple tasty food , and good german beer .	german beer	positive
lunch or dinner is great - casual .	lunch	positive
lunch or dinner is great - casual .	dinner	positive
the bartenders and other staff are great .	bartenders	positive
the bartenders and other staff are great .	staff	positive
it 's my absolute favorite lunch spot !	lunch spot	positive
i wanted to like this place , i really did .	place	positive
our first visit to the roaring fork , and an amazing experience and food .	food	positive
i do not think we will be visiting this restaurant again anytime soon .	restaurant	negative
three of us with a groupon certificate for $ _num_ visited your restaurant .	groupon certificate	positive
went here last night with the grandparents and feel compelled to write a review .	grandparents	positive
hands down best mimosas due to the temperature and the fresh squeezed oj .	mimosas	positive
hands down best mimosas due to the temperature and the fresh squeezed oj .	temperature	positive
hands down best mimosas due to the temperature and the fresh squeezed oj .	oj	positive
there were literally _num_ pieces of ravioli on one plate .	plate	negative
but definitely not worth it for old coffee and stale probably store bought tiramisu .	tiramisu	negative
great food , friendly , helpful staff .	food	positive
great food , friendly , helpful staff .	staff	positive
awesome variety of flavors .	flavors	positive
my patient 's needs will be met by someone else .	patient	negative
awesome customer service friendly knowledgeable staff !	customer service	positive
awesome customer service friendly knowledgeable staff !	staff	positive
this restaurant is extremely poorly managed -- - double charge ?	restaurant	negative
i pulled out the tacos and they were full of grease .	tacos	negative
i pulled out the tacos and they were full of grease .	grease	negative
absolutely delicious and service was excellent !	service	positive
they have the nicest staff and i have seen the manager couple of times .	staff	positive
they have the nicest staff and i have seen the manager couple of times .	manager	positive
this is n't the friendliest place in town .	place	negative
service was very rude and their salads are not worth the price .	service	negative
service was very rude and their salads are not worth the price .	salads	negative
service was very rude and their salads are not worth the price .	price	negative
the owner looked at me and told me there was nothing to do .	owner	negative
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university	negative
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	apache	negative
the facial itself was fine but way too short .	facial	positive
typical denny 's , but the service is exceptional .	denny	positive
typical denny 's , but the service is exceptional .	service	positive
great selection .	selection	positive
the dining room needs a major overhaul .	dining room	negative
their salads come on a super cold plate with very fresh ingredients .	salads	positive
their salads come on a super cold plate with very fresh ingredients .	plate	positive
their salads come on a super cold plate with very fresh ingredients .	ingredients	positive
i love finding new places to eat that are fun like this !	places	positive
the menu is really good and authentic .	menu	positive
the eggroll was pretty mushy inside , maybe sat around too much .	eggroll	negative
not sure why this place is still in business .	place	negative
this is my very favorite mexican food restaurant and it 's so close .	mexican food	positive
_num_ 1/2 stars easily !	_num_	positive
oddly , combined with how good the food is , it is quite charming .	food	positive
rancho pinot is first class dining experience .	rancho pinot	positive
rancho pinot is first class dining experience .	dining	positive
at this moment , i am very frustrated with this business .	business	negative
it is small and cozy and the staff is excellent .	staff	positive
the wings were well ... mediocre .	wings	negative
this seems to be a good range with a lot to offer .	range	positive
does n't get my biscuit or my soda .	biscuit	negative
does n't get my biscuit or my soda .	soda	negative
the quality of the customer service and food were outstanding .	quality	positive
the quality of the customer service and food were outstanding .	customer service	positive
the quality of the customer service and food were outstanding .	food	positive
nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
also the selection of traditional beverages was very tasty and interesting .	selection of traditional beverages	positive
outstanding service .	service	positive
the taco was n't the best , but their beans are amazing .	taco	negative
the taco was n't the best , but their beans are amazing .	beans	positive
the green flannel is my favorite breakfast item .	green flannel	positive
this quaint little place is a gem in old town scottsdale .	place	positive
kind and caring and her staff was very pleasant .	staff	positive
my bad for ordering something they did not stock .	ordering	negative
this is hands down the best place for gyros in town .	place	positive
this is hands down the best place for gyros in town .	gyros	positive
their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place .	beers on tap	positive
food was disappointing and so was the service .	food	negative
food was disappointing and so was the service .	service	negative
awesome food , great karaoke environment awesome place .	food	positive
awesome food , great karaoke environment awesome place .	karaoke environment	positive
awesome food , great karaoke environment awesome place .	place	positive
not that she needed any more alcohol , but it was fun .	alcohol	positive
by far the best meal we have had yet !	meal	positive
what a great bar .	bar	positive
very disappointing greek salad .	greek salad	negative
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	garlic bread	negative
needless to say , we will not be going back to this location .	location	negative
their prices are very reasonable .	prices	positive
clean , quiet , and prompt service .	service	positive
meat tastes like straight asshole !	meat	negative
this is a scottsdale treasure to be savor end and enjoyed .	scottsdale	positive
this is a scottsdale treasure to be savor end and enjoyed .	end	positive
my side was dill potato salad and it tasted old and sour .	side	negative
my side was dill potato salad and it tasted old and sour .	dill potato salad	negative
bye bye , brownie .	brownie	positive
this review is not related to the food , weird i know .	food	negative
thanks jj and impact auto body team !	auto body team	positive
the only reason they get a _num_ is because the food was packaged nicely .	food	positive
good local mexican spot in mesa .	local mexican spot	positive
the food is bland and over priced .	food	negative
the food is bland and over priced .	priced	negative
too bad it seems like the place is not cared for .	place	negative
i 've had the omelettes there too -- absolutely wonderful .	omelettes	positive
there are a ton of seats , lounge chairs , and picnic tables .	seats	positive
there are a ton of seats , lounge chairs , and picnic tables .	lounge chairs	positive
there are a ton of seats , lounge chairs , and picnic tables .	picnic tables	positive
awesome music .	music	positive
we had absolutely excellent service here !	service	positive
the wait staff is amazing .	wait staff	positive
they have good deals on bowling and shoe rental .	bowling	positive
they have good deals on bowling and shoe rental .	shoe rental	positive
however , i am a food snob .	food	negative
brett was professional and friendly .	brett	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
this was the worst new mexican food and margaritas we ever had !	new mexican food	negative
the pizza here is excellent !	pizza	positive
staff is nice , salon is cute , prices are fair .	staff	positive
staff is nice , salon is cute , prices are fair .	salon	positive
staff is nice , salon is cute , prices are fair .	prices	positive
i went there for my moms birthday , and we brought a coupon .	coupon	positive
happy hour prices are some of the best around , and the food ... .	prices	positive
happy hour prices are some of the best around , and the food ... .	food	positive
great dentist , very professional and patient , his staff is courteous and welcoming .	dentist	positive
great dentist , very professional and patient , his staff is courteous and welcoming .	staff	positive
the service was good .	service	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
dr. chow and staff are very friendly , professional and efficient .	staff	positive
the service was slow .	service	negative
besides the good deal , our stay was just perfect .	stay	positive
great customer service .	customer service	positive
it 's the perfect spice levels .	spice levels	positive
great place for sitting on back patio so beautiful !	place	positive
great place for sitting on back patio so beautiful !	back patio	positive
their drinks are wonderful .	drinks	positive
great work and very honest !	work	positive
love love love love this place !	place	positive
i called them three times and they said they never received the check .	check	negative
this place was horrible .	place	negative
there is only one barber and he needs a haircut himself .	barber	negative
there is only one barber and he needs a haircut himself .	haircut	negative
the pancakes were terrible as far as i am concerned .	pancakes	negative
i will definitely come back to this location .	location	positive
our water glasses were filled though because the busser was amazing .	water glasses	negative
our water glasses were filled though because the busser was amazing .	busser	positive
it is a great dive and has all the highlights of one .	dive	positive
advertise and deliver correctly .	advertise	positive
service was great .	service	positive
great local bar .	local bar	positive
came here for coffee during the cars & coffee event .	coffee	positive
came here for coffee during the cars & coffee event .	cars	positive
this place honestly does n't understand the concept of service .	service	negative
dr. danielle was super nice and very informative .	dr.	positive
one looked like he might be the manager , but i 'm not sure .	manager	negative
full disclosure though , not a beer fan in the first place .	beer fan	negative
there were _num_ other tables in there .	tables	negative
keep up the good work guys !	guys	positive
the more i go here , the more i hate this venue .	venue	negative
food is wonderful , and atmosphere is homey and inviting !	food	positive
food is wonderful , and atmosphere is homey and inviting !	atmosphere	positive
this place has a one of the nicest patios around .	place	positive
this place has a one of the nicest patios around .	patios	positive
green chile chimis are fantastic .	green chile chimis	positive
they are charging me _num_ in fees for their fuck up !	fees	negative
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .	mole sauce , chips	positive
this place is a ripoff .	place	negative
we asked how long the wait was and he estimated maybe _num_ minutes .	wait	negative
he takes his time with each patient and always offers the best advice .	patient	positive
he takes his time with each patient and always offers the best advice .	advice	positive
i highly recommend the mini chimichangas with a huge soda .	mini chimichangas	positive
i highly recommend the mini chimichangas with a huge soda .	soda	positive
great restaurant .	restaurant	positive
this place was great .	place	positive
every time i went there would be all new hygienists and staff .	staff	positive
was not a good example of the country inn and suite standard .	country inn	negative
was not a good example of the country inn and suite standard .	suite standard	negative
the food is consistently good .	food	positive
nice place to stop by before heading to the clubs .	place	positive
overall happy with the experience and was able to get the watch i wanted .	watch	positive
it tasted like leftover food and had very little flavor .	food	negative
it tasted like leftover food and had very little flavor .	flavor	negative
usually very good for thai .	thai	positive
the bartenders are awesome and the bathrooms are clean .	bartenders	positive
the bartenders are awesome and the bathrooms are clean .	bathrooms	positive
ribs were a huge hit .	ribs	positive
bring your id because they check at the door .	id	negative
note : this review only includes a review of my entree .	entree	positive
carpet was surprisingly dirty .	carpet	negative
* ) outside hallways with no path to lobby .	hallways	negative
* ) outside hallways with no path to lobby .	path	negative
the food is delicious and fresh !	food	positive
a very sweet couple run this restaurant , but go there for the food .	food	positive
hiro sushi is my new go-to .	sushi	positive
however , the spa left much to be desired .	spa	negative
i would n't go back nor would i recommend this place !	place	negative
this is an example of good customer service .	customer service	positive
also a fan of their garlic bread .	garlic bread	positive
the great thing was that i had enough for the lunch the next day !	lunch	positive
if you like thai , this is the best in the area .	thai	positive
if you like thai , this is the best in the area .	area	positive
been to a lot of others places but this is the best .	places	positive
our waiter was fantastic ( not stuffy ) and the food impeccable .	waiter	positive
our waiter was fantastic ( not stuffy ) and the food impeccable .	food	positive
very quick and polite service .	service	positive
i would have left a decent tip any way because the service was fine .	tip	positive
i would have left a decent tip any way because the service was fine .	service	positive
service was very friendly and welcoming .	service	positive
the food is fresh and fast .	food	positive
the food was really bad , it was just thrown together .	food	negative
great price and simple sandwiches .	price	positive
great price and simple sandwiches .	sandwiches	positive
we also got a bottle of yellow tail merlot @ ~ $ _num_ .	bottle of yellow tail merlot	positive
this is not what you call service .	service	negative
we both had caesar salads which we very good .	caesar salads	positive
everything i ordered was cooked to perfection and full of flavor .	flavor	positive
the tub were lined with plastic and they opened a new package of tools .	tub	negative
the staff is always very friendly !	staff	positive
i decided on the carne asada and it was fantastic .	carne asada	positive
starting with the chips and salsa , they were both fresh and tasty .	chips	positive
starting with the chips and salsa , they were both fresh and tasty .	salsa	positive
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	treatment	negative
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	medication	negative
it is a old style burger joint that i will continue to visit .	burger joint	positive
atmosphere wonderful !	atmosphere	positive
food very good .	food	positive
dr. lee is the best doc .	doc	positive
the burger was cold , fries lukewarm .	burger	negative
the burger was cold , fries lukewarm .	fries	negative
one star dinner - i wish i could give this a higher rating .	dinner	positive
the only good thing was the bed !	bed	positive
very good food and service .	food	positive
very good food and service .	service	positive
i love beer !	beer	positive
their sashimi is great .	sashimi	positive
not only is the work superior , the detailing of my car was outstanding .	work	positive
not only is the work superior , the detailing of my car was outstanding .	detailing	positive
not only is the work superior , the detailing of my car was outstanding .	car	positive
i also got the diablo red with mock chicken and brown rice .	diablo red with mock chicken	positive
i also got the diablo red with mock chicken and brown rice .	brown rice	positive
the sushi was drowning in eel sauce , all over my plate .	sushi	negative
the sushi was drowning in eel sauce , all over my plate .	eel sauce	negative
their staff is efficient , friendly , and accomodating .	staff	positive
yep , the `` big ass '' burger lived up to its name .	burger	positive
this is the theater i spent my teenage years in .	theater	positive
lots of _num_ pound indian women looking for a man .	indian women	positive
super fresh salsa .	salsa	positive
it has such an elegant vibe .	vibe	positive
towels smelled bad .	towels	negative
i think this manager is very sour about his life .	manager	negative
keep up the good work !	work	positive
the scenery surrounding the place is honestly breathe taking .	scenery	positive
the scenery surrounding the place is honestly breathe taking .	place	positive
the prices are ridiculous !	prices	negative
unfortunately , the owner does not carry these same qualities .	owner	negative
consistent clean car wash , good customer service .	car wash	positive
consistent clean car wash , good customer service .	customer service	positive
the paella , was hardly a paella .	paella ,	negative
the paella , was hardly a paella .	paella	negative
it did n't seem that bad when we walked onto the patio .	patio	positive
the service was super quick and really friendly , to boot .	service	positive
the staff was very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
great chicken fried steak !	chicken fried steak	positive
greek food that is tasty in large servings .	greek food	positive
greek food that is tasty in large servings .	servings	positive
she loved all of the action .	action	positive
awesome brownies !	brownies	positive
the reasonable rates make it a great value .	rates	positive
the buffalo wings were tasty , but my steak was dry and tough .	buffalo wings	positive
the buffalo wings were tasty , but my steak was dry and tough .	steak	negative
unfortunately , i came for food and not the ambiance .	food	negative
unfortunately , i came for food and not the ambiance .	ambiance	negative
the maintenance is a joke .	maintenance	negative
thai crunch salad !	thai crunch salad	positive
monkey pancakes and yes the jalapeno pecan pancakes are both outstanding .	monkey pancakes	positive
monkey pancakes and yes the jalapeno pecan pancakes are both outstanding .	jalapeno pecan pancakes	positive
i love this salon .	salon	positive
it 's not worth the money , drive or time .	money	negative
it 's not worth the money , drive or time .	drive	negative
they really do treat eat pet as family .	eat pet	positive
also , the prices had increased a couple dollars per pizza since last time .	prices	negative
also , the prices had increased a couple dollars per pizza since last time .	pizza	negative
the food is always good and the staff friendly .	food	positive
the food is always good and the staff friendly .	staff	positive
i have had the `` kazimierz '' shot though and i it 's tasty .	kazimierz	positive
i have had the `` kazimierz '' shot though and i it 's tasty .	shot	positive
the dining area looked updated and clean .	dining area	positive
the service was super .	service	positive
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	noodles	negative
literally the most amazing concoction ever .	concoction	positive
one of my favorite places and i will be back !	places	positive
service is always , always good .	service	positive
great customer service !	customer service	positive
tourist trap feeling .	tourist trap feeling	positive
the happy hour prices are always reasonable and the drinks never disappoint .	prices	positive
the happy hour prices are always reasonable and the drinks never disappoint .	drinks	positive
the food tastes very well like other people reviewed .	food	positive
why do i even bother with lowes ?	lowes	negative
cute little nail salon for a girls day out .	nail salon	positive
way to go vs for hiring one incredible employee .	employee	positive
second problem , thin walls !	walls	negative
we arrived to our backyard reception from the venue to find an incredible setup .	setup	positive
they are spacious with modest decor .	decor	positive
the bartender also mixed perfect drinks all around .	bartender	positive
the bartender also mixed perfect drinks all around .	drinks	positive
thank you , shawn , for the great cuts !	cuts	positive
she yelled at my daughter saying only _num_ coupons per household .	coupons	negative
i 've never walked out on a meal until eating at the grill .	meal	positive
i 've never walked out on a meal until eating at the grill .	grill	positive
the people were nice and everything is right up front , no surprises .	people	positive
every procedure and operation was fully explained and successful .	procedure	positive
every procedure and operation was fully explained and successful .	operation	positive
i recently brought my car to them and explained my problems and concerns .	car	positive
the staff was so rude to us .	staff	negative
horrible service !	service	negative
we 've gotten their food a few times now and it 's not bad .	food	positive
the place is just a great value for all american food .	place	positive
the place is just a great value for all american food .	food	positive
we ordered two more entrees , the steak which was excellent .	entrees	positive
we ordered two more entrees , the steak which was excellent .	steak	positive
and after a few bites i realized the dough was still raw .	dough	negative
when the pizza finally came out , it was over cooked and wasnt great .	pizza	negative
great place to take out of town guests .	place	positive
i spend approximately $ _num_ per month on dry cleaning .	dry cleaning	positive
morris is a great guy to work with !	morris	positive
it just looked kinda strange and the fish was n't all that fresh .	fish	negative
i 've returned a couple times and each cake has been just as good .	cake	positive
the food was tasty and good portion .	food	positive
the food was tasty and good portion .	portion	positive
food was terrible .	food	negative
unfortunately this pizza hut was our favorite ... and i stress `` was '' !	pizza hut	positive
there were two servers that i saw in the half hour i was waiting .	servers	negative
fridays & weekends , open for lunch .	lunch	positive
amazing sushi !	sushi	positive
very friendly and helpful staff did whatever it took to make things work .	staff	positive
very unprofessional , i do not recommend this place .	place	negative
their food and service is amazing !	food	positive
their food and service is amazing !	service	positive
the best korean soup around ... i love this place .	korean soup	positive
the best korean soup around ... i love this place .	place	positive
absolutely loved the chopped salad and the grilled shrimp over corn salsa .	chopped salad	positive
absolutely loved the chopped salad and the grilled shrimp over corn salsa .	grilled shrimp over corn salsa	positive
the bread was possibly the best i have ever had .	bread	positive
service was great too !	service	positive
i ordered a glass of dessert wine that compliments chocolate .	glass of dessert wine	positive
i ordered a glass of dessert wine that compliments chocolate .	chocolate	positive
this is the 3rd place we have used to board our dog .	dog	positive
the entire process is friendly and professional .	process	positive
was there for mother 's day last night and still great food !	food	positive
the pork and swordfish are amazing .	pork	positive
the pork and swordfish are amazing .	swordfish	positive
they are way over priced .	priced	negative
best ribs i 've ever had and i lived in texas for _num_ years .	ribs	positive
service was n't that great either .	service	negative
i would highly recommend pinnacle peak eye care !	eye care	positive
great happy hour !	happy hour	positive
it is a smaller location , true .	location	negative
main pool got crowded during day , so i moved to smaller oasis pool .	main pool	negative
main pool got crowded during day , so i moved to smaller oasis pool .	oasis pool	negative
i highly recommend this office and their staff .	office	positive
i highly recommend this office and their staff .	staff	positive
i would come get my hawaiian shaved ice from here all of the time .	hawaiian shaved ice	positive
food was very good with ample serving size .	food	positive
food was very good with ample serving size .	serving size	positive
the views are spectacular !	views	positive
it 's like licking a salt lick ... .	salt lick	positive
there is no where inside for people to sit while waiting for a table .	table	negative
the samosas consumed , we sat , and sat some more .	samosas	positive
the oriental girl that works here is super rude .	oriental girl	negative
pretty great place , authentic mexican food .	place	positive
pretty great place , authentic mexican food .	mexican food	positive
on the positive side , the lettuce was green and was as expected .	lettuce	positive
horrible the worst service .	service	negative
i ordered the tuna salad which was better than expected .	tuna salad	positive
but she will run off half the wonderful employees and all the regular customers .	employees	positive
but she will run off half the wonderful employees and all the regular customers .	customers	positive
tables all around us were being served but not us .	tables	negative
tables all around us were being served but not us .	served	negative
an absolute beautiful salon located in downtown mesa but sooooo worth the drive !	salon	positive
f this place !	place	positive
i guess she has a money tree .	money tree	positive
dinner and entertainment .	dinner	positive
dinner and entertainment .	entertainment	positive
the whole place has unique and inviting ambiance .	place	positive
the whole place has unique and inviting ambiance .	ambiance	positive
it looked like the food was n't prepared correctly .	food	negative
this place is a keeper and the price was very reasonable .	price	positive
best bean and cheese burrito i 've ever had .	bean and cheese burrito	positive
we sat down , and gave our drink order to the asking server .	drink	positive
we sat down , and gave our drink order to the asking server .	server	positive
staff was really nice .	staff	positive
is there a negative star option ?	star	negative
the receptionists always recognize him and greet him with smiles .	receptionists	positive
this place is magical and the food is awesome !	place	positive
this place is magical and the food is awesome !	food	positive
but you can not order _num_ wings with two different flavors at $ _num_ .	flavors	negative
best baja style mexican food in az !	baja style mexican food	positive
great stop on the way home !	stop	positive
famous dave 's is pretty good and rudy 's bbq just plain sucks .	bbq	negative
very good meal !	meal	positive
best wing i think in the valley .	wing	positive
thanks for the waist of my time , gas , and money fry 's .	gas	positive
thanks for the waist of my time , gas , and money fry 's .	money	positive
other than that , the service is great , the food is awesome .	service	positive
other than that , the service is great , the food is awesome .	food	positive
not a fan of the food but maybe i went on an off night .	food	negative
great service .	service	positive
too bad , this place is so close to where i live .	place	negative
vegetables and house salad are always fresh and tasty !	vegetables	positive
vegetables and house salad are always fresh and tasty !	house salad	positive
do yourself a favor and check out santisi brothers .	santisi	positive
this is a great relaxing spot to stop for breakfast .	spot	positive
this is a great relaxing spot to stop for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
so many great beers to chose from , especially the orange blossom .	beers	positive
so many great beers to chose from , especially the orange blossom .	orange blossom	positive
absolutely love this place !	place	positive
because they have great food !	food	positive
there was no personality to our server .	server	negative
my car was all nice and clean and the work was fantastic !	car	positive
my car was all nice and clean and the work was fantastic !	work	positive
bartender was a nice guy .	bartender	positive
i ordered the rib steak with asparagus and a makers mark on the rocks .	rib steak with asparagus	positive
pad thai is also a must .	pad thai	positive
it 's a good place to go for a day .	place	positive
its clean and well respected and the dr 's have a great team .	dr	positive
the kids liked him .	kids	positive
i finally did and i was rewarded with a delicious variety .	variety	positive
i also ordered the caesar salad which was prepared perfectly .	caesar salad	positive
the atmosphere is quiet and inviting .	atmosphere	positive
make a reservation come & enjoy .	reservation	positive
love the wings and pizza .	wings	positive
this is by far the best air conditioning people i 've ever encountered .	air conditioning	positive
ten minutes later , another couple was seated at the next table .	table	negative
quite a surprise here in the valley .	valley	negative
the volcano salmon roll and dynamite roll are great .	volcano salmon roll	positive
the volcano salmon roll and dynamite roll are great .	dynamite roll	positive
our waiter , justin , was very friendly and helpful .	waiter	positive
enjoy this treat !	treat	positive
airport burrito is a favorite .	airport burrito	positive
i 'm pissed that my time was wasted .	time	negative
a place to see and be seen !	place	positive
i would say it smelled of urine or a dirty bathroom .	urine	negative
i would say it smelled of urine or a dirty bathroom .	bathroom	negative
worst service we have ever experienced .	service	negative
this place is simply the best !	place	positive
worst chinese food i have ever had .	chinese food	negative
i will definitely make this my new breakfast spot .	breakfast spot	positive
strong kimchi and banchan game .	kimchi and banchan game	positive
i love the pair i got from here .	pair	positive
service was great and server was informative .	service	positive
service was great and server was informative .	server	positive
decor was great very modern and classic but fancy .	decor	positive
cheap drinks , cheap furnishings , cheap women ( whoa !	drinks	positive
cheap drinks , cheap furnishings , cheap women ( whoa !	furnishings	positive
cheap drinks , cheap furnishings , cheap women ( whoa !	women	positive
have n't had the coffee but the chai is exceptional .	coffee	positive
have n't had the coffee but the chai is exceptional .	chai	positive
the waiter acted like he could not be bothered with the complaint .	waiter	negative
the atmosphere was great and the service was top notch and timely .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere was great and the service was top notch and timely .	service	positive
the food is delicious .	food	positive
the staff has always been pretty unhelpful and sometimes very pushy with sales .	staff	negative
the staff has always been pretty unhelpful and sometimes very pushy with sales .	sales	negative
nerve to serve chicken with boxed potatos and canned beans .	chicken with boxed potatos	positive
nerve to serve chicken with boxed potatos and canned beans .	canned beans	positive
a nice , quiet atmosphere on the main drag with excellent service .	atmosphere	positive
a nice , quiet atmosphere on the main drag with excellent service .	service	positive
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	service	negative
their hot sauce is just like my families , spicy and flavorful , yum !	hot sauce	positive
the food was great , but the view was spectacular !	food	positive
the food was great , but the view was spectacular !	view	positive
and their website says , `` arizona 's karaoke place . ''	karaoke place	positive
fast service .	service	positive
the carpet is beautiful & really high quality .	carpet	positive
there are simply better options around the city .	options	negative
yes , chicken was fried .	chicken	negative
the smoothie itself was awful tasting .	smoothie itself	negative
soup was salty , fish over cooked and waitress was horrible .	soup	negative
soup was salty , fish over cooked and waitress was horrible .	fish	negative
soup was salty , fish over cooked and waitress was horrible .	waitress	negative
we ordered _num_ appetizers and a bottle of wine .	bottle of wine	positive
sad we did n't even get to try the food !	food	negative
the pizza is incredible with a large topping selections .	pizza	positive
the pizza is incredible with a large topping selections .	topping selections	positive
plenty of games to play and tv 's to watch .	games	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
this is not the first time i have been disappointed in this store .	store	positive
great customer service !	customer service	positive
service was good and a cool little place to satisfy any sweet tooth .	service	positive
the brisket enchiladas are really good .	brisket enchiladas	positive
nice bar .	bar	positive
walked in and sat at the bar on a mellow sunday afternoon .	bar	positive
this place 's service sucks .	service	negative
i really never see a price difference between them and other stores .	price	negative
great food , big portions and nice price .	food	positive
great food , big portions and nice price .	portions	positive
great food , big portions and nice price .	price	positive
the courses are amazing .	courses	positive
the service here is awful !	service	negative
fries were freshly cut and chicago style greasy goodness .	fries	positive
fries were freshly cut and chicago style greasy goodness .	greasy goodness	positive
food and service is always great .	food	positive
food and service is always great .	service	positive
_num_ minutes later we arrive at the restaurant and it is a zoo .	zoo	positive
i love this place , but i do wish they had food .	place	positive
i love this place , but i do wish they had food .	food	positive
this review is for the _num_ star lunch buffet and the _num_ star service .	service	positive
the drunken noodles ( ordered hot ) were amazing .	drunken noodles ( ordered	positive
i highly recommend this company .	company	positive
bagel nosh is our favorite local bagel place .	bagel nosh	positive
bagel nosh is our favorite local bagel place .	bagel	positive
this place just was not very good .	place	negative
service is excellent .	service	positive
stopped in earlier this week and enjoyed eating there .	eating	positive
the coffee is reasonably priced , but the food is too expensive .	coffee	positive
the coffee is reasonably priced , but the food is too expensive .	priced	positive
the coffee is reasonably priced , but the food is too expensive .	food	negative
the staff was unfriendly to downright rude .	staff	negative
the food is incredibly bland .	food	negative
our waiter mike did a fantastic job of staying on top of everything .	waiter	positive
the slices are huge and sooo delicious .	slices	positive
great place to go .	place	positive
this italian deli is fantastic !	italian deli	positive
i am pretty disappointed in this church 's chicken location .	church	negative
i am pretty disappointed in this church 's chicken location .	location	negative
their french onion soup and new york strip steak are my two favorites .	french onion soup	positive
their french onion soup and new york strip steak are my two favorites .	new	positive
the service is good .	service	positive
i am happy and will return to give them my business !	business	positive
the patio area was great place to enjoy the fine weather and food .	patio area	positive
the patio area was great place to enjoy the fine weather and food .	food	positive
they recently renovated the rooms & they 're so beautiful !	rooms	positive
_num_ minutes after ordering the waitress came back and said she lost our ticket .	waitress	negative
_num_ minutes after ordering the waitress came back and said she lost our ticket .	ticket	negative
so worth the drive !	drive	positive
food is good and well priced for its portions .	food	positive
food is good and well priced for its portions .	priced	positive
food is good and well priced for its portions .	portions	positive
nothing crazy , just a simple dinner and a group of seven girls .	dinner	positive
also great wine list .	wine list	positive
i loved this restaurant ... best kale salad ever !	restaurant	positive
i loved this restaurant ... best kale salad ever !	kale salad	positive
food awesome !	food	positive
breakfast with a view of the mountains is spectacular .	breakfast	positive
breakfast with a view of the mountains is spectacular .	view	positive
has the usual variety of egg dishes , pancakes , omelets , etc .	pancakes	positive
has the usual variety of egg dishes , pancakes , omelets , etc .	omelets	positive
what came first , no business or crap ingredients and no chef ?	business	negative
what came first , no business or crap ingredients and no chef ?	ingredients	negative
what came first , no business or crap ingredients and no chef ?	chef	negative
is it the best chinese ?	chinese	positive
nice comfortable beds .	beds	positive
the bartenders have no sense of priority and they treat you like crap .	bartenders	negative
i 've had better thai food in mexico .	thai food	positive
they have great chips and salsa is good .	chips	positive
they have great chips and salsa is good .	salsa	positive
love shopping here .	shopping	positive
so we did n't get menus for the first _num_ minutes we were there .	menus	negative
the employee saw that it was messy and walked away .	employee	negative
the chips and salsa were very tasty as well .	chips	positive
the chips and salsa were very tasty as well .	salsa	positive
the staff are always very nice and helpful .	staff	positive
incredible staff , friendly managers and great food !	staff	positive
incredible staff , friendly managers and great food !	managers	positive
incredible staff , friendly managers and great food !	food	positive
i mean , we finished the calamari and no sign of the wine .	calamari	negative
i mean , we finished the calamari and no sign of the wine .	wine	negative
my absolute favorite place to spend the day , the amenities are top notch !	place	positive
my absolute favorite place to spend the day , the amenities are top notch !	amenities	positive
saved quite a bit by bringing our car here .	car	negative
i found thunderbird automotive specialist to be exactly that !	thunderbird automotive specialist	positive
which was a total bait and switch see offer below .	bait	positive
which was a total bait and switch see offer below .	switch	positive
the bathrooms are old and gross .	bathrooms	negative
the quality and quantity is excellent .	quality	positive
the quality and quantity is excellent .	quantity	positive
spectacular service .	service	positive
thanks for a great staff and making it a positive environment for our kids !	staff	positive
thanks for a great staff and making it a positive environment for our kids !	environment	positive
friendly and they know their regulars .	regulars	positive
food was good and plentiful .	food	positive
you should skip this place .	place	negative
why do n't they have a tip line on the credit slip ?	credit slip	negative
all the meat was terrible and nothing was warm at all .	meat	negative
return are limited days and bad thing of all low experiences .	return	negative
their prices are a bit high .	prices	negative
the starbucks of breakfast .	starbucks of breakfast	positive
the bourbon barrel stout was the best we sampled and i would have again .	bourbon barrel stout	positive
there should n't be any rotten greens in a salad .	greens	negative
there should n't be any rotten greens in a salad .	salad	negative
not so great food and service .	food	negative
not so great food and service .	service	negative
i look forward to taking another class from you tomorrow .	class	positive
we ordered our food and sat down .	food	positive
and i loved their work .	work	positive
ordered the bird omelette and it was great !	bird omelette	positive
i ordered the scottsdale salad , it was served with raw chicken .	scottsdale salad	negative
i ordered the scottsdale salad , it was served with raw chicken .	served	negative
i ordered the scottsdale salad , it was served with raw chicken .	raw chicken	positive
when i heard about cowboy ciao i was excited to try it .	cowboy ciao	positive
everything was wonderful and reasonably priced for what you get .	priced	positive
best cookie stop in town !	cookie stop	positive
staff was friendly and nice selection .	staff	positive
yes , we actually popped the hood and double checked marshall 's work .	hood	negative
great place to start the night !	place	positive
the spaghetti and meatballs tasted extremely bland .	spaghetti	negative
the spaghetti and meatballs tasted extremely bland .	meatballs	negative
the margaritas are always good .	margaritas	positive
lazy as hell .	lazy	positive
the food was amazing and the wine even better !	food	positive
the food was amazing and the wine even better !	wine	positive
i would not spend my money here , especially at their prices .	prices	negative
the employees are amazing .	employees	positive
excellent service !	service	positive
moreover , the salads are noticeably smaller with less fresh greens .	salads	negative
moreover , the salads are noticeably smaller with less fresh greens .	greens	negative
there are no potatoes or mashed .	potatoes	negative
there are no potatoes or mashed .	mashed	negative
there was a woman 's hair in the bathroom too when i checked in !	woman	negative
the food was just bland and not unique .	food	negative
terrible service .	service	negative
we ordered flat iron steak medium rare with over easy eggs .	flat iron steak	negative
we ordered flat iron steak medium rare with over easy eggs .	eggs	negative
he does a great job of taking care of his customers .	customers	positive
the patio is quaint .	patio	positive
these donuts are great !	donuts	positive
it was quiet and my neighbors were great .	neighbors	positive
i 'm glad i found mama mia !	mama	positive
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	coffee	positive
the menu is big and filled with authentic dishes .	menu	positive
the menu is big and filled with authentic dishes .	dishes	positive
outdoor seating for breakfast was great .	outdoor seating for breakfast	positive
plus it 's a byob restaurant connected to an amazing wine store .	wine store	positive
but his off night may have cost lon 's a few new customers .	customers	negative
angel is amazing !	angel	positive
the interior is so fun with all the sports memorabilia .	interior	positive
the interior is so fun with all the sports memorabilia .	sports memorabilia	positive
shop here every week , love the people , the store and the products .	people	positive
shop here every week , love the people , the store and the products .	store	positive
shop here every week , love the people , the store and the products .	products	positive
the staff is always helpful , friendly , and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
i recommend eating on the outside patio overlooking the lake .	patio	positive
i recommend eating on the outside patio overlooking the lake .	lake	positive
service was terrible .	service	negative
the bartenders were very attentive and helpful .	bartenders	positive
we all had different things , and the food was greasy and gross .	food	negative
from you when we ordered wedding flowers .	wedding flowers	positive
service and prices pretty much are hard to beat .	service	negative
service and prices pretty much are hard to beat .	prices	negative
definitely will continue to take my business to this location .	location	positive
but nonetheless , the edamame and the sake bombs were perfection as always .	edamame	positive
but nonetheless , the edamame and the sake bombs were perfection as always .	sake bombs	positive
after hearing the list of choices i chose one .	list	positive
i probably wo n't go back to this location .	location	negative
the patio is an authentic experience .	patio	positive
two other co-workers also had sandwiches and they thought theirs were great .	sandwiches	positive
prices are great , food is greater .	prices	positive
prices are great , food is greater .	food	positive
the best brands that have great quality are found here !	brands	positive
the best brands that have great quality are found here !	quality	positive
this park has improved since i first came here _num_ months ago .	park	positive
the food is super bland , over priced and over-cooked .	food	negative
they really do thai food well .	thai food	positive
only _num_ other people in the room , so not busy .	room	negative
i paid _num_ $ a month for a level _num_ ( gold ) membership .	level _num_	positive
i paid _num_ $ a month for a level _num_ ( gold ) membership .	membership	positive
i really hoped better from this place so disappointed .	place	negative
tons of regular customers which tells you it 's good .	customers	positive
food is awesome , huge variety of beer .	food	positive
nice beer selection and wines by the glass .	beer selection	positive
nice beer selection and wines by the glass .	wines by the glass	positive
they bagel was soft and moist and i had fresh veggies in my sandwich .	bagel	positive
they bagel was soft and moist and i had fresh veggies in my sandwich .	veggies	positive
they bagel was soft and moist and i had fresh veggies in my sandwich .	sandwich	positive
the seabass , sweet potato casserole and asparagus delicious !	seabass , sweet potato casserole	positive
the seabass , sweet potato casserole and asparagus delicious !	asparagus	positive
i was visiting az from california yesterday and a colleague recommended this sushi place .	sushi place	positive
we had dinner here last evening with friends visiting from ohio .	dinner	positive
wish i could give this place _num_ stars .	place	positive
the food here is mouth watering good !	food	positive
the french press coffee was so good .	french press coffee	positive
the bathrooms were kind of gross .	bathrooms	negative
his staff have always been pleasant and easy to work with .	staff	positive
they apparently tried but could not get into the gate on a holiday .	gate	negative
well this is the place that i go to .	place	positive
no garlic flavor , watery and bland .	garlic flavor	negative
great fresh produce and a very pleasant staff round out the experience .	produce	positive
great fresh produce and a very pleasant staff round out the experience .	staff	positive
same goes for the rest of the food .	food	positive
the ceviche here is one of the best i have had .	ceviche	positive
we then ordered salad and pasta for dinner with wine .	salad and pasta for dinner	positive
we then ordered salad and pasta for dinner with wine .	wine	positive
great place to watch football !	football	positive
also , it always seems like their coffee is hella burnt .	coffee	negative
got my drink correct and quick !	drink	positive
such nice people .	people	positive
simply love the service here and i wish more people knew about this place !	service	positive
but wow , i love the `` cowboy ciao '' chopped salad .	chopped salad	positive
they also have very friendly and knowledgeable staff .	staff	positive
the owners and employees are always helpful and friendly even on their busiest days !	owners	positive
the owners and employees are always helpful and friendly even on their busiest days !	employees	positive
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	thai hot	negative
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	spice	negative
it 's simple , quick mexican food .	mexican food	positive
great friendly service .	service	positive
brittany was a great server and so sweet !	server	positive
but both visits featured mediocre food ( esp .	food	negative
i loved the somewhat unique dishes .	dishes	positive
it would n't come close to my top ten pizza places in the city .	pizza	negative
atmosphere was fine & the service was excellent .	atmosphere	positive
atmosphere was fine & the service was excellent .	service	positive
needless to say i 've found my new home for haircuts !	haircuts	positive
i do n't like their buffalo wings .	buffalo wings	negative
amazing nursery !	nursery	positive
this place is such a pile of shit .	place	negative
good food and happy hour prices .	food	positive
good food and happy hour prices .	prices	positive
great food worth the wait .	food	positive
great food worth the wait .	wait	positive
the price was also very fair for a meal of that quality .	price	positive
the price was also very fair for a meal of that quality .	meal	positive
the price was also very fair for a meal of that quality .	quality	positive
the ribs were worse .	ribs	negative
their meat is horrible .	meat	negative
highly recommend this store who is looking for high quality and very reasonable prices .	prices	positive
the staff was happy and gracious .	staff	positive
good , honest , quick service .	service	positive
she was very obviously annoyed by a late table .	table	negative
i recomend the strawberry ice cream shakes !	strawberry ice cream shakes	positive
worst _num_ dollars ever spent .	_num_	negative
the bento boxes are absolutely the way to go .	bento boxes	positive
a memorable presentation and a must order .	presentation	positive
we waited _num_ hours in the lobby .	lobby	negative
if they contact me , i 'll try them again and redo this review .	review	positive
i feel the rates are reasonable as well .	rates	positive
love this place and have been here several times .	place	positive
i made the poor choice to select the unimpressive and soggy chicken alfredo pasta .	chicken alfredo pasta	negative
the pork was fatty and more like pork soup .	pork	negative
the pork was fatty and more like pork soup .	pork soup	negative
wasting my time on my lunch break .	lunch break	negative
just awesome sushi and service .	sushi	positive
just awesome sushi and service .	service	positive
nice place , clean , spacious room .	place	positive
nice place , clean , spacious room .	room	positive
egg roll was typical .	egg roll	positive
great food , service is terrific .	food	positive
great food , service is terrific .	service	positive
then i checked amazon and they were $ _num_ .	amazon	positive
my pasta was just as amazing as the customer service !	pasta	positive
my pasta was just as amazing as the customer service !	customer service	positive
its mcdonalds what can i say fries and burgers .	fries	positive
all of the dishes were superb and we will definitely be returning .	dishes	positive
it 's become my favorite thing to do in arizona beside the water park .	water park	positive
greasy , saucy , mediocre .	greasy	negative
pleasant find .	find	positive
great memories and they serve ice cold stella .	stella	positive
good prices and happy hour .	prices	positive
this place is just plain nasty .	place	negative
friendly service and good food .	service	positive
friendly service and good food .	food	positive
do not get a filling from this guy .	filling	negative
they 're driving your customers away !	customers	negative
the place is awesome .	place	positive
place is clean , friendly staff , food is great also .	place	positive
place is clean , friendly staff , food is great also .	staff	positive
place is clean , friendly staff , food is great also .	food	positive
always cooked perfectly .	cooked	positive
best carne adovada plate ive had in az .	carne adovada plate	positive
i was very disappointed with our service at ra .	service	negative
i can say this is the best persian food you can find around here .	persian food	positive
it 's no wonder why people prefer to go to buffets .	buffets	negative
thanks brian .	brian	positive
its little mistakes that make this place a hassle to visit .	place	negative
the eggplant parmesan with a mushroom sauce is exquisite .	eggplant parmesan with a mushroom sauce	positive
the only remedy is that they replaced the missing diamonds free of charge .	diamonds	positive
steve 's meal took another _num_ minute to come .	meal	negative
add a salad and the meal is complete .	salad	positive
add a salad and the meal is complete .	meal	positive
first let me explain , lol !	lol	positive
this place is the worst , most unprofessional business i have ever come across .	place	negative
the cashier then apologized on my way out the door .	cashier	negative
my last appointment to this office was back in october _num_ .	office	positive
my favorite dish is sweet and sour chicken w white rice .	sour chicken w white rice	positive
had a $ _num_ off coupon on phone .	$	positive
had a $ _num_ off coupon on phone .	coupon	positive
the food not as good and the staff not as professional .	food	negative
the food not as good and the staff not as professional .	staff	negative
casual dining at it 's best .	casual dining	positive
the regular french fries with the seasoned salt are usually really good .	french fries with the seasoned salt	positive
i have never experienced such great service thank you chelsea !	service	positive
the food was delicious and the service was exceptional .	food	positive
the food was delicious and the service was exceptional .	service	positive
obviously poor training for management and for waitstaff .	management	negative
obviously poor training for management and for waitstaff .	waitstaff	negative
way too noise !	noise	negative
thanks steve for the great service .	service	positive
we love the persian room !	persian room	positive
pros : this place is so fun !	place	positive
i just ordered to go the mongolian chicken $ _num_ .	mongolian chicken $ _num_	positive
the food here is amazing .	food	positive
live music on the weekends is great and really brings in a good crowd .	live music	positive
live music on the weekends is great and really brings in a good crowd .	crowd	positive
the food is really yummy and the service is exceptional without being annoying .	food	positive
the food is really yummy and the service is exceptional without being annoying .	service	positive
always a great time at dos gringos !	dos gringos	positive
great time with awesome service .	service	positive
but when you do the food is good and the service is good .	food	positive
but when you do the food is good and the service is good .	service	positive
we went here for my birthday dinner , the food was amazing .	dinner	positive
we went here for my birthday dinner , the food was amazing .	food	positive
the hotel is very very old .	hotel	negative
their pizzas are amazing and they have some different toppings .	pizzas	positive
their pizzas are amazing and they have some different toppings .	toppings	positive
the food was mediocre at best .	food	negative
plus besides chiropractic he is very well versed in acupuncture .	acupuncture	positive
best breakfast around by far .	breakfast	positive
great attitude and fast service .	service	positive
this now is our new favorite place to eat !	place	positive
it is one of the better place to see a show at .	place	positive
i will definitely be taking buddy back and recommending canine preferred .	canine	positive
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .	crispy mango fish	positive
no salt or indian flavor in anything .	salt	negative
no salt or indian flavor in anything .	indian flavor	negative
also , the staff is very friendly and approachable .	staff	positive
i highly recommend this place .	place	positive
i ate the whole pizza and it was worth the carbs .	pizza	positive
i ate the whole pizza and it was worth the carbs .	carbs	positive
native wings are the best !	native wings	positive
their roast beef sandwich is delicious with roasted peppers .	roast beef sandwich	positive
their roast beef sandwich is delicious with roasted peppers .	roasted peppers	positive
mediocre `` bread store '' with much to be desired .	bread store	negative
awesome food , high quality , large portions and great location .	food	positive
awesome food , high quality , large portions and great location .	quality	positive
awesome food , high quality , large portions and great location .	portions	positive
awesome food , high quality , large portions and great location .	location	positive
i am so happy i found this place .	place	positive
horrible presentation for the price .	presentation	negative
horrible presentation for the price .	price	negative
i think the remodel is great .	remodel	positive
decor is bright and airy .	decor	positive
we enjoyed a drink at the bar before being seated for dinner .	drink	positive
we enjoyed a drink at the bar before being seated for dinner .	bar	positive
we enjoyed a drink at the bar before being seated for dinner .	dinner	positive
skip the green chili burro .	green chili burro	negative
the place was only 1/3 full .	place	negative
fast service .	service	positive
this place has good food and generous servings .	food	positive
this place has good food and generous servings .	servings	positive
this place could be so great but the service is very poor .	place	positive
this place could be so great but the service is very poor .	service	negative
the main barista ( afternoons ) generally lacks in quality control .	main barista ( afternoons	negative
sadly , the only decent main dish was my son 's spaghetti and meatballs .	main dish	positive
sadly , the only decent main dish was my son 's spaghetti and meatballs .	spaghetti	positive
sadly , the only decent main dish was my son 's spaghetti and meatballs .	meatballs	positive
i love los olivos !	los olivos	positive
food is well above average for a bar .	food	positive
food is well above average for a bar .	bar	positive
horrible horrible service do n't shop there .	service	negative
the meats were fantastic and hummus and baba were spot on .	meats	positive
the meats were fantastic and hummus and baba were spot on .	hummus	positive
the meats were fantastic and hummus and baba were spot on .	baba	positive
allows dogs outside which is great !	dogs	positive
totally worth the money , great service and wonderful atmosphere .	money	positive
totally worth the money , great service and wonderful atmosphere .	service	positive
totally worth the money , great service and wonderful atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
bad answer and poor recovery .	answer	negative
i work in scottsdale , and one day ( yesterday ) i needed gas .	gas	negative
reasonable prices round out the deal that makes it the place to go .	prices	positive
it was as spicy as i ordered it , but somehow tasteless .	spicy	negative
i told her this , and _num_ minutes later we received our plates .	plates	positive
i highly recommend this place !	place	positive
i doubt this location will be here in _num_ years .	location	negative
however , this is the job you chose .	job	positive
very good breakfast burritos !	breakfast burritos	positive
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	customer services	positive
the price is excellent .	price	positive
take it up with your consistently bad servers -- enough people have consistently complained .	servers	negative
the fruit plate was incredibly fresh and their coffee was excellent too .	fruit plate	positive
the fruit plate was incredibly fresh and their coffee was excellent too .	coffee	positive
tuna roll - overwhelming vinegar taste .	tuna roll	positive
tuna roll - overwhelming vinegar taste .	vinegar taste	positive
the total cost was $ _num_ before taxes .	cost	negative
had the stacked enchiladas new mexican style , yum !	enchiladas new mexican	positive
server with buzz haircut as rude .	server	negative
server with buzz haircut as rude .	buzz haircut	negative
silly me , i believed their website .	website	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
love this place .	place	positive
very good authentic mexican food .	mexican food	positive
get the bar menu and its worth it .	bar menu	positive
it clearly was not the vegetable pizza i was expecting .	vegetable pizza	negative
honestly , a one star rating is even too much for this place .	place	negative
awesome prices .	prices	positive
my husband and i went to dinner tonight , we were very disappointed !	dinner	negative
i know that your store 's prices are cheaper than almost any place locally .	prices	positive
chili 's food is bland .	chili 's food	negative
my coffee cup is always kept full and the food is good .	coffee cup	positive
my coffee cup is always kept full and the food is good .	food	positive
this is not a food bank or a church .	food bank	negative
love vito 's !	vito 's	positive
friendliest family owned place , great selection and very fair pricing .	selection	positive
friendliest family owned place , great selection and very fair pricing .	pricing	positive
just moved to area and have been twice .	area	negative
the atmosphere was cool too , very social .	atmosphere	positive
food is questionable .	food	negative
stunning room , beautiful landscape , door to door service with golf carts .	room	positive
stunning room , beautiful landscape , door to door service with golf carts .	landscape	positive
stunning room , beautiful landscape , door to door service with golf carts .	service	positive
stunning room , beautiful landscape , door to door service with golf carts .	golf carts	positive
my wife 's salad had cold , overcooked shrimp .	salad	negative
my wife 's salad had cold , overcooked shrimp .	shrimp	negative
the only service i have ever received at total bliss is nails & toes .	service	positive
spent about _num_ to $ _num_ on all this food .	food	positive
my eyebrows look awesome & sexy !	eyebrows	positive
the staff is friendly and the food is so good .	staff	positive
the staff is friendly and the food is so good .	food	positive
if possible , i would n't choose this medical image facility .	medical image facility	negative
_num_ ) we paid over $ _num_ for dinner .	dinner	negative
the freshly baked flat bread is a amazing and i love the atmosphere .	flat bread	positive
the freshly baked flat bread is a amazing and i love the atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
so she brought a basket of french bread with cheese , on the house .	basket of french bread with cheese	positive
victoria is amazing !	victoria	positive
the worst mexican food ever ... no , the worst food ever .	mexican food	negative
just left this place , amazing customer service .	customer service	positive
average service , horrible food .	service	negative
average service , horrible food .	food	negative
several other times the music is just too loud .	music	negative
great service fair price .	service	positive
great service fair price .	price	positive
i really enjoy going here for lunch .	lunch	positive
great sandwich and an interesting take on it .	sandwich	positive
i just love the roaring fork !	roaring fork	positive
to boot ; all information including the contact info is on the front .	contact info	positive
and the ambiance is wonderfully cozy .	ambiance	positive
tvs and other electronics were the same price as brand new .	tvs	negative
tvs and other electronics were the same price as brand new .	electronics	negative
tvs and other electronics were the same price as brand new .	price	negative
i was not impressed by this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
what a great lunch !	lunch	positive
great korean kalbi and other table top meats .	korean kalbi	positive
great korean kalbi and other table top meats .	table top meats	positive
great overall atmosphere , and could very likely become a regular spot .	atmosphere	positive
great overall atmosphere , and could very likely become a regular spot .	spot	positive
it is a great italian restaurants which great food and cheap prices .	food	positive
it is a great italian restaurants which great food and cheap prices .	prices	positive
we just left this place and i can only say it was very disappointing .	place	negative
the rooms are huge and my family is very comfortable here .	rooms	positive
service , food , ambiance are all spot on !	service	positive
service , food , ambiance are all spot on !	food	positive
service , food , ambiance are all spot on !	ambiance	positive
best breakfast burritos ever .	breakfast burritos	positive
the juke box is loud and always on point .	juke box	negative
not worth the money .	money	negative
i wonder if they changed owners , but i want the old way back !	owners	negative
the food is served in a timely manner , as are your initial drinks .	food	positive
the food is served in a timely manner , as are your initial drinks .	served	positive
the food is served in a timely manner , as are your initial drinks .	drinks	positive
as always the food was fantastic .	food	positive
so we love that place .	place	positive
price is wonderful and food is hot , tasty and fulfilling !	price	positive
price is wonderful and food is hot , tasty and fulfilling !	food	positive
the fish was fresh but the rolls were n't very impressive .	fish	positive
the fish was fresh but the rolls were n't very impressive .	rolls	negative
price is very reasonable .	price	positive
smelled and tasted terrible .	smelled	negative
best cheeseburgers ever !	cheeseburgers	positive
went last night for valentine 's dinner , and was seriously disappointed .	valentine	negative
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	cheese	positive
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	string variety	positive
all in all , i 'm happy this place exists .	place	positive
their dressings are fantastic !	dressings	positive
i would definitely check this place out !	place	positive
the booze was pretty good , but the food was pretty lackluster .	booze	positive
the booze was pretty good , but the food was pretty lackluster .	food	negative
she gave me a great $ _num_ discount and it looks amazing .	$	positive
we always love the patio seating .	patio seating	positive
the food is unparalleled and the service is top notch .	food	positive
the food is unparalleled and the service is top notch .	service	positive
sad to see such a great restaurant go downhill .	restaurant	positive
they fixed my car the next morning and the price was great .	price	positive
jenny is amazing beyond belief , and everyone there was just so friendly .	everyone	positive
one plus is they have pitchers of beer and margaritas .	pitchers of beer and margaritas	positive
i really enjoy this course .	course	positive
great service !	service	positive
that 's $ _num_ each plus tax .	tax	positive
the lunch offered buffet style meal along with regular menu orders .	lunch	positive
the lunch offered buffet style meal along with regular menu orders .	buffet style meal	positive
the lunch offered buffet style meal along with regular menu orders .	menu orders	positive
very , very good food here .	food	positive
she explained all the different options and choices .	options	positive
quick and quality service !	service	positive
my double baked potato was fine and desserts were at best average .	double baked potato	positive
my double baked potato was fine and desserts were at best average .	desserts	negative
the free chips and salsa are probably from costco .	chips	positive
the free chips and salsa are probably from costco .	salsa	positive
it is also super charming inside and on the patio .	patio	positive
turkey dinner excellent but $ _num_ ?	turkey dinner	positive
the restaurant is beautiful and will be amazing after the plaza construction is done .	plaza construction	positive
she just loves the store and really has outstanding people skills .	store	positive
she just loves the store and really has outstanding people skills .	people	positive
i 've been here several times , both for pleasure and for business .	pleasure	positive
i 've been here several times , both for pleasure and for business .	business	positive
alex and holly are great .	alex	positive
alex and holly are great .	holly	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
the service was also superior .	service	positive
walgreens , my advice to you is to learn how to staff correctly .	walgreens	positive
walgreens , my advice to you is to learn how to staff correctly .	staff	positive
sadly , i must say i am disappointed with my main bank .	main bank	negative
service was great and the view was pleasant .	service	positive
service was great and the view was pleasant .	view	positive
the poor conditions keep serious players away .	conditions	negative
total bill for total sh*t and _num_ glasses of chianti ... $ _num_ .	bill	positive
total bill for total sh*t and _num_ glasses of chianti ... $ _num_ .	glasses of chianti	positive
tasty food , attentive but not overbearing waiter , live music - very nice .	food	positive
tasty food , attentive but not overbearing waiter , live music - very nice .	waiter	positive
tasty food , attentive but not overbearing waiter , live music - very nice .	live music	positive
after that , the atmosphere and decorations are pleasing while service was average .	atmosphere	positive
after that , the atmosphere and decorations are pleasing while service was average .	decorations	positive
after that , the atmosphere and decorations are pleasing while service was average .	service	negative
the food was excellent .	food	positive
we love this place !	place	positive
the vegetarian selections here are slim .	vegetarian selections	positive
the waitress came running over with our bill .	waitress	negative
the waitress came running over with our bill .	bill	negative
friendly patrons , friendly bartenders , and fair prices .	patrons	positive
friendly patrons , friendly bartenders , and fair prices .	bartenders	positive
friendly patrons , friendly bartenders , and fair prices .	prices	positive
this place delivers & i 'll never go anywhere else !	place	positive
our service was very good , and the food was very tasty .	service	positive
our service was very good , and the food was very tasty .	food	positive
they are truely exceptional people , as well as in the services they provide .	services	positive
or probably not since the air was n't blowing .	air	negative
it was bland but overall a good burger .	burger	positive
vito is a very nice man and is often seen at the restaurant .	vito	positive
i purchased tickets for the saturday night show on-line .	tickets	positive
wow ... what a beautiful facility .	facility	positive
love the aveda products especially the damage control line .	aveda products	positive
love the aveda products especially the damage control line .	damage control line	positive
we sat on the patio and it was great .	patio	positive
don and his staff are both friendly and knowledgeable , far exceeding my expectations .	staff	positive
not even a small dish of desserts .	dish of desserts	positive
tammy is great !	tammy	positive
i highly recommend roaring fork !	roaring fork	positive
one of my kids fell asleep waiting for his mac and cheese .	mac and cheese	negative
she was rude the whole time and rushed through my pedicure and nails .	pedicure	negative
cousin had short ribs , a generous portion and found it very flavorful .	ribs	positive
cousin had short ribs , a generous portion and found it very flavorful .	portion	positive
i had not been to a macayo 's in at least three years .	macayo 's	negative
and yes , the people are great , and great message .	people	positive
and yes , the people are great , and great message .	message	positive
this dump does not deserve your business !	dump	negative
i first ate at the salt cellar as a child with my parents .	salt cellar	positive
this little gem has awesome sweet treats to curb any ice cream craving !	treats	positive
this little gem has awesome sweet treats to curb any ice cream craving !	ice cream	positive
the waitress was so friendly and helpful and the manager was even better !	waitress	positive
the waitress was so friendly and helpful and the manager was even better !	manager	positive
the cannoli was good !	cannoli	positive
for the price of the food , i expected it to be hot .	price	negative
staff is friendly but just not a nice environment .	staff	positive
staff is friendly but just not a nice environment .	environment	negative
it was excellent , all of my favorite flavors in one dish !	flavors	positive
it was excellent , all of my favorite flavors in one dish !	dish	positive
very relaxing and family friendly environment .	environment	positive
the pepper steak is really overly sauced up but not too bad .	pepper steak	negative
we took a conservative form of treatment and he is totally fine now .	treatment	negative
got a basket with _num_ slices of bread ( slices of bread ?	basket with	positive
got a basket with _num_ slices of bread ( slices of bread ?	( slices of	positive
great food , great decor !	food	positive
great food , great decor !	decor	positive
awesome service !	service	positive
golden greek and it 's owners are fantastic .	owners	positive
decent bookstore , with a little coffee shop .	bookstore	positive
decent bookstore , with a little coffee shop .	coffee shop	positive
you can blow up the phone they never pick up to assist you .	phone	negative
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food	negative
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	ribs	negative
happy hour at the bar is a great place to wait for your table .	bar	positive
happy hour at the bar is a great place to wait for your table .	table	positive
i would absolutely recommend dr. sullivan to anyone looking for a new family doctor !	family doctor	positive
now it 's a scene , but it 's classic .	scene	positive
slides are mediocre .	slides	negative
great drinks .	drinks	positive
the food is great .	food	positive
the office staff is friendly , knowledgeable and helpful .	office staff	positive
a very casual place with great service and good food .	place	positive
a very casual place with great service and good food .	service	positive
a very casual place with great service and good food .	food	positive
this is my least favorite venue in arizona .	venue	positive
waitresses wear tight black pants .	waitresses	negative
waitresses wear tight black pants .	pants	negative
it is definitely one of my favorite places to go .	places	positive
always delivers so fast and the food is great !	food	positive
nice ambiance and good seafood for az .	ambiance	positive
nice ambiance and good seafood for az .	seafood	positive
fast and professional service !	service	positive
and to be charge more than $ _num_ for a teeth cleaning is ridiculous .	teeth cleaning	negative
the pumps will not accept debit , only credit .	pumps	negative
the pumps will not accept debit , only credit .	debit	negative
the pumps will not accept debit , only credit .	credit	negative
the picture show , $ _num_ regular and $ _num_ on tuesdays .	picture show	positive
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	woman	negative
the produce here is always a hit .	produce	positive
the outdoor dining is area is second to none and the grounds are charming .	outdoor dining is area	positive
the outdoor dining is area is second to none and the grounds are charming .	grounds	positive
the main dishes were covered in what seem like oil and salt .	main dishes	negative
the main dishes were covered in what seem like oil and salt .	oil	negative
the main dishes were covered in what seem like oil and salt .	salt	negative
since this was their mistake i requested they install my opener for free .	opener	negative
the pork green chili served with warm tortillas is dreamy .	pork green chili served	positive
i highly suggest you stay away from this place !	place	negative
the cashier refused to make more of the soup of the day .	cashier	negative
the cashier refused to make more of the soup of the day .	soup	negative
fresh ingredients , thin , crispy crust , amazing flavor .	ingredients	positive
fresh ingredients , thin , crispy crust , amazing flavor .	crust	positive
fresh ingredients , thin , crispy crust , amazing flavor .	flavor	positive
fillet mignon is delicate and delicious .	fillet mignon	positive
everyone is friendly and really make you feel welcome .	everyone	positive
the front desk staff is always kind and professional .	front desk staff	positive
the groomers are friendly and are great with our little pups .	groomers	positive
the club itself is ok and deserves _num_ stars .	club	positive
great drinks .	drinks	positive
this is unacceptable prices for a bowling alley .	prices	negative
this is unacceptable prices for a bowling alley .	bowling alley	negative
we skipped dessert as we were already disappointed with our meal .	dessert	negative
we skipped dessert as we were already disappointed with our meal .	meal	negative
the food is excellent , the service friendly and the atmosphere relaxed and fun .	food	positive
the food is excellent , the service friendly and the atmosphere relaxed and fun .	service	positive
the food is excellent , the service friendly and the atmosphere relaxed and fun .	atmosphere	positive
even more surprising was how good the food is !	food	positive
i love the ambiance of the restaurant and i 'm always in good company .	ambiance	positive
their prices are well matched for the quality of the food .	prices	positive
their prices are well matched for the quality of the food .	quality	positive
their prices are well matched for the quality of the food .	food	positive
owners are great and the home made breakfast pastries are divine .	owners	positive
owners are great and the home made breakfast pastries are divine .	breakfast pastries	positive
they even offer joy rides with their planes by scheduling an appt .	planes	positive
they even offer joy rides with their planes by scheduling an appt .	appt	positive
the outside area is great with the waterfall and all .	outside area	positive
the outside area is great with the waterfall and all .	waterfall	positive
some of the best mexican food i 've eaten in a long time !	mexican food	positive
everything about this place is just cool .	place	positive
however , there would not be any manager on shift until tomorrow afternoon .	manager	negative
worst hotel in scottsdale , it certainly seems so .	hotel	negative
as for the pedicure , minimal .	pedicure	negative
i highly recommend trying this place out .	place	positive
the best patio in my opinion .	patio	positive
she 's very aggressive with your manicure , it 's very uncomfortable .	manicure	negative
the bread is usually stale .	bread	negative
the atmosphere is great and dollar bills cover the walls and ceiling .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is great and dollar bills cover the walls and ceiling .	ceiling	positive
vito 's seafood lasagna is awesome , and the service is great too .	seafood lasagna	positive
vito 's seafood lasagna is awesome , and the service is great too .	service	positive
the waiters that served our lunch were super nice .	waiters	positive
the waiters that served our lunch were super nice .	lunch	positive
the staff was very professional and accommodating .	staff	positive
the park is not well managed .	park	negative
lots of fresh food for great prices .	prices	positive
and it 's not even a large bottle .	bottle	negative
no good looking women .	women	negative
love this place !	place	positive
had a great meal this morning with the family .	meal	positive
the food was great and would definitely return .	food	positive
honest , ethical and reasonably priced !	priced	positive
i really liked this place .	place	positive
fantastic diner .	diner	positive
i got contacts last year and recently got vision insurance .	vision insurance	positive
this place is solid .	place	positive
i just had food from jade palace and it was very , very good .	food	positive
it seems every time i come to this location i have a negative experience .	location	negative
it 's a small shop but so worth it .	shop	negative
cannoli was good but way overpriced at $ _num_ .	cannoli	positive
the second time the food was so bland it made me want to cry .	food	negative
no fridge .	fridge	negative
( there were _num_ patrons sitting at the bar ) .	bar	negative
this review is for the restaurant .	restaurant	positive
best italian restaurant i 've ever eaten at .	italian	positive
negative vibe right from the get go .	vibe	negative
pancakes as you would expect are quite good .	pancakes	positive
menu is pretty extensive for such a small bar .	menu	positive
menu is pretty extensive for such a small bar .	bar	negative
i highly recommend this office for all your optical needs .	office	positive
phenomenal service .	service	positive
they fixed my bridesmaid dress fast and it fits wonderfully now .	dress	positive
chicken wings are great , too .	chicken wings	positive
fast quality at a good price .	quality	positive
fast quality at a good price .	price	positive
simply , jewel of the crown is best .	jewel	positive
i 'm thai so i definitely know my thai food dishes .	thai food dishes	positive
it 's a great place for dogs !	place	positive
it 's a great place for dogs !	dogs	positive
food is amazing .	food	positive
the customer service i got from there was great .	customer service	positive
this place is near perfect .	place	positive
and the sauce is very good too .	sauce	positive
love their pastries .	pastries	positive
amazing rooms , massage , and restaurant !	rooms	positive
amazing rooms , massage , and restaurant !	massage	positive
we ordered wings and they came back extremely dry .	wings	negative
love this place !	place	positive
once you leave , someone else will fall into the trap .	trap	negative
prices are very good .	prices	positive
if your fries are hot , consider yourself lucky .	fries	positive
food super and well priced .	food	positive
food super and well priced .	priced	positive
everyone who works there is so nice and i always get great service .	service	positive
but such a fun find .	find	positive
service has always been wonderful .	service	positive
the guy who made my sandwich was super awesome .	sandwich	positive
a lovely location near the scottsdale mall and nice ambiance in the restaurant .	location	positive
a lovely location near the scottsdale mall and nice ambiance in the restaurant .	scottsdale mall	positive
a lovely location near the scottsdale mall and nice ambiance in the restaurant .	ambiance	positive
they did a great job repairing my washing machine and ice maker .	washing machine	positive
they did a great job repairing my washing machine and ice maker .	ice maker	positive
awesome , fabulous , yummy donuts .	donuts	positive
the snack bar and souvenir area were reasonably priced which was a nice surprise .	snack bar	positive
the snack bar and souvenir area were reasonably priced which was a nice surprise .	souvenir area	positive
the snack bar and souvenir area were reasonably priced which was a nice surprise .	priced	positive
i will continue to bring my vehicle back for service .	service	positive
big soccer fan .	soccer fan	positive
i really like the selection of frames and service .	service	positive
one of my favorite pizza places .	pizza places	positive
it 's great stuff !	stuff	positive
well worth the price .	price	positive
awesome mexican food , cozy atmosphere , and live music !	mexican food	positive
awesome mexican food , cozy atmosphere , and live music !	atmosphere	positive
awesome mexican food , cozy atmosphere , and live music !	live music	positive
and for sure ... do n't anyone order the turkey sandwich !	turkey sandwich	negative
tortillas are always stale .	tortillas	negative
the mashed potatoes were tasty but dry and cold as well .	mashed potatoes	positive
it 's the most disgusting thing i 've ever seen referred to as food .	food	negative
service was spot on .	service	positive
tons of tvs so great for games , good service , and awesome food .	games	positive
tons of tvs so great for games , good service , and awesome food .	service	positive
tons of tvs so great for games , good service , and awesome food .	food	positive
the bar has n't been cleaned in who knows how long .	bar	negative
also , shopping on line is available .	shopping	positive
the steak was cooked to perfection and tasted fantastic .	steak	positive
our bill arrived and we know that they do n't do separate checks .	bill	negative
our bill arrived and we know that they do n't do separate checks .	checks	negative
i 'm not sure when the standards for chinese food became so lax .	chinese food	negative
love the pork green chile but it is super rich and best to share .	pork green chile	positive
medium has the most flavor with just a touch of heat .	medium	positive
medium has the most flavor with just a touch of heat .	flavor	positive
everyone in the shop was friendly .	shop	positive
it was well worth the dress up !	dress up	positive
the pizza here is so yummy !	pizza	positive
hair is important and they treat you wonderfully here .	hair	positive
i recommend the wings hands down !	wings	positive
i also got the _num_ g 's cocktail .	_num_ g 's cocktail	positive
in closing , a little difficult to find , but well worth the hunt !	hunt	positive
it has the great old school western feel that i love .	western feel	positive
the flavor for the most part , bland .	flavor	negative
i highly recommend brittany and steven paul salon .	brittany	positive
place was pretty cool .	place	positive
your website says nothing about this .	website	negative
very good service and great food .	service	positive
very good service and great food .	food	positive
the food is delicious and unique and the staff is always awesome .	food	positive
the food is delicious and unique and the staff is always awesome .	staff	positive
restaurant is clean , and the food is always top notch for its price .	food	positive
restaurant is clean , and the food is always top notch for its price .	price	positive
look at other reviews and i agree with how bad this place is .	place	negative
it 's homemade and fresh .	homemade	positive
my wife ordered fettuccine , with alfredo sauce .	fettuccine , with alfredo sauce	positive
we love canine preferred !	canine preferred	positive
i love the food here !	food	positive
such a great place !	place	positive
they were neither compassionate or sensitive & have poor business practices .	business practices	negative
the food has improved the last couple of times we been there .	food	negative
genius idea to have korean and sushi in the same place !	korean	positive
genius idea to have korean and sushi in the same place !	sushi	positive
the staff is so rude !	staff	negative
secondly , the pulled pork was stringy , the texture was like hair meat !	pulled pork	negative
secondly , the pulled pork was stringy , the texture was like hair meat !	hair	negative
i highly recommend this place !	place	positive
the place for starters has no feeling of arrival .	place	negative
the place for starters has no feeling of arrival .	starters	negative
it tells me that i need to go elsewhere for better customer service .	customer service	negative
the basil crispy chicken just did n't work for me .	basil crispy chicken	negative
these people are exceptional .	people	positive
great service and great delivery .	service	positive
great service and great delivery .	delivery	positive
ambiance is very mediocre and nothing special .	ambiance	negative
great breakfast spot !	breakfast spot	positive
do not rent here .	rent	negative
dr. lopez and her staff are the best !	staff	positive
the atmosphere is charming and fun .	atmosphere	positive
great wines by the glass , too .	wines by the glass	positive
the decor , if clean would be on spot .	decor	positive
best pedi ever .	pedi	positive
they are honest too , which is a good quality in their industry .	quality	positive
i then tried to shower and could not get hot water out .	water	negative
we are all so disappointed and expected so much more from elements .	elements	negative
we stopped for breakfast and our entrees were all delicious .	breakfast	positive
we stopped for breakfast and our entrees were all delicious .	entrees	positive
the pork roast was cooked just right and was deliciously marinated .	pork roast	positive
the wife 's chicken fried trout was also excellent .	wife	positive
that said however , the food both times has been bland and very uninspired .	food	negative
pizzas are good , sandwiches are good .	pizzas	positive
pizzas are good , sandwiches are good .	sandwiches	positive
good diverse asian cuisine .	asian cuisine	positive
good meat on my burrito .	meat	positive
good meat on my burrito .	burrito	positive
we got our appetizer of calamari and it was disgusting .	appetizer of calamari	negative
located at sanctuary camelback mountain resort & spa , this is a beautiful place .	located	positive
located at sanctuary camelback mountain resort & spa , this is a beautiful place .	sanctuary camelback mountain resort	positive
located at sanctuary camelback mountain resort & spa , this is a beautiful place .	place	positive
great beans , i remember that was my sister 's favorite dish !	beans	positive
great beans , i remember that was my sister 's favorite dish !	dish	positive
prime rib huge and fatty just like my friends love it .	prime rib	positive
and they are serving the best authentic italian food in the hood .	italian food	positive
the one at _num_ southwest this place suck .	place	negative
i like the skin has that crisp to it .	skin	positive
luxurious is n't anywhere near this place .	place	negative
i had a carne asada tostada and rice and they were great .	carne asada tostada	positive
i had a carne asada tostada and rice and they were great .	rice	positive
the creme brle is spot on .	creme brle	positive
this is an excellent local liquor store .	liquor store	positive
great environment for family fun .	environment	positive
great environment for family fun .	family	positive
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	nails	negative
accurate orders , great tasting food , friendly service .	orders	positive
accurate orders , great tasting food , friendly service .	food	positive
accurate orders , great tasting food , friendly service .	service	positive
well , the photo is _num_ years old .	photo	positive
some of the best sushi i 've ever had .	sushi	positive
waitresses are all nice and very attentive .	waitresses	positive
i ordered the white flannel and it was so good !	white flannel	positive
food was amazing , a little pricey though .	food	positive
this is a terrible policy for any store .	policy	negative
this is a terrible policy for any store .	store	negative
always great service ... ... .	service	positive
the service is bad and the landscaping is dangerous .	service	negative
the service is bad and the landscaping is dangerous .	landscaping	negative
the experience would have been three star , except for the bathroom .	bathroom	negative
great property .	property	positive
great staff !	staff	positive
vegetarian double crust pizza is amazing .	vegetarian double crust pizza	positive
delicious bagel sandwiches !	bagel sandwiches	positive
i ordered boneless pork , and the meat looked old .	pork	negative
i ordered boneless pork , and the meat looked old .	meat	negative
we just moved to the area .	area	negative
amazing food .	food	positive
salsa no flavor and tortillas on the tacos could use a slight fry .	salsa	negative
salsa no flavor and tortillas on the tacos could use a slight fry .	flavor	negative
salsa no flavor and tortillas on the tacos could use a slight fry .	tortillas	negative
salsa no flavor and tortillas on the tacos could use a slight fry .	fry	negative
the veg was also under seasoned , just bland tasting food .	veg	negative
the veg was also under seasoned , just bland tasting food .	food	negative
you could probably get better frozen items at costco .	frozen items	negative
exquisite spaghetti carbonara and attentive service .	spaghetti carbonara	positive
exquisite spaghetti carbonara and attentive service .	service	positive
what an awful , awful experience with take out from here .	take	negative
great atmosphere , hidden treasure .	atmosphere	positive
my roommate is italian and grew up eating gnocchi and absolutely loved defalco 's .	gnocchi	positive
my roommate is italian and grew up eating gnocchi and absolutely loved defalco 's .	defalco	positive
best place .	place	positive
i love everything there , the rellenos are great .	rellenos	positive
the employees were all very nice , funny , and talkative .	employees	positive
just imagine eating in japan on your lunch break at a real spot .	lunch	positive
just imagine eating in japan on your lunch break at a real spot .	spot	positive
the grocery store is pretty inexpensive and they have a good selection of food .	grocery	positive
the grocery store is pretty inexpensive and they have a good selection of food .	selection of food	positive
they got a loyal customer .	customer	positive
everything i had from this taco bell had a lovely city of mesa aftertaste .	taco bell	positive
everything i had from this taco bell had a lovely city of mesa aftertaste .	city	positive
decent pricing and a busy place worthy of a second meal .	pricing	positive
decent pricing and a busy place worthy of a second meal .	place	positive
decent pricing and a busy place worthy of a second meal .	meal	positive
they come in a nice sized glass and are plenty strong .	glass	positive
i feel sorry for anyone with allergies to nuts .	allergies	negative
they do n't even do the haunted train ride anymore .	haunted train ride	negative
this is by far the most honest and best mechanic i have ever visited .	mechanic	positive
requested more fry 's we never received .	fry	negative
what you may not know about drift is that they have wonderful food .	food	positive
the staff is friendly and even remembers our names .	staff	positive
for dessert we all shared _num_ cannolis which tasted heavenly .	dessert	positive
the food was very good .	food	positive
we had friends over and ordered delivery .	delivery	positive
i had a horrible experience with this company .	company	negative
the pizza is awesome .	pizza	positive
lost a long time customer !	customer	negative
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .	customers	positive
_num_ minutes in a drive thru line is not quality service .	service	negative
this is a great casual family diner , everything a diner should be .	casual family diner	positive
i will skip this place next time i am in the area .	area	negative
sorry mom - i will not go back .	mom	negative
i told him that i will not pay three dollars extra for my meal .	meal	negative
honestly , i was just annoyed the service was bad and slow .	service	negative
wow , what a cool museum !	museum	positive
so add false advertising to the list .	advertising	negative
so add false advertising to the list .	list	negative
the guy behind the counter was full of recommendations and super nice .	guy	positive
i highly recommend that you try this for breakfast or lunch .	breakfast	positive
i highly recommend that you try this for breakfast or lunch .	lunch	positive
the apartment is small and plain .	apartment	negative
great pizza !	pizza	positive
all of our order was right , food was good staff very friendly .	food	positive
all of our order was right , food was good staff very friendly .	staff	positive
i 'm getting my breakfast smoothie !	breakfast smoothie	positive
i got delivery .	delivery	positive
best chinese food in arizona !	chinese food	positive
great customer service ; the crew here were all very helpful , even honest .	customer service	positive
great customer service ; the crew here were all very helpful , even honest .	crew	positive
absolute satisfaction .	satisfaction	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
good service good people .	service	positive
good service good people .	people	positive
bad management .	management	negative
i highly highly recommend this place .	place	positive
so happy they are opened sundays and it was n't horribly priced .	priced	negative
wheelchair friendly store ... .	wheelchair	positive
wheelchair friendly store ... .	store	positive
nice man .	man	positive
just go to walgreens for deals .	walgreens	positive
just go to walgreens for deals .	deals	positive
i 'll continue to come back to us nails in the future .	nails	positive
best italian food in town !	italian food	positive
great prices , fast service , plus a drive through .	prices	positive
great prices , fast service , plus a drive through .	service	positive
know your prices and just have fun .	prices	positive
i highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a good haircut .	haircut	positive
service was ok ... but the food was great !	service	negative
service was ok ... but the food was great !	food	positive
the food and service was amazing .	food	positive
the food and service was amazing .	service	positive
has a cowboy feel to it .	cowboy feel	positive
on the saturday night , it had an entire section closed off .	section	negative
the staff is super friendly and always happy .	staff	positive
hands down one of the best bike shops in town .	bike shops	positive
appreciated having such healthy and tasty options !	options	positive
the office staff are amazingly pleasant and not just during the move in process .	office staff	positive
very competent doctor & staff .	doctor	positive
very competent doctor & staff .	staff	positive
love the karaoke and the wings are so great .	karaoke	positive
love the karaoke and the wings are so great .	wings	positive
love this place .	place	positive
sashimi was outstanding .	sashimi	positive
also be advised that malee 's charges scottsdale prices .	scottsdale prices	negative
was told they could detail my suv for _num_ .	suv for	negative
i was impressed by the quality .	quality	positive
the staff and ownership are very sweet and treat my puppies with kid gloves .	staff	positive
the staff and ownership are very sweet and treat my puppies with kid gloves .	ownership	positive
however , this small place crowded store left me wanting more ... more space .	store	negative
however , this small place crowded store left me wanting more ... more space .	space	negative
no hello , no smile , no `` can i help you . ''	smile	negative
service is alway fast and friendly .	service	positive
i love their cinnamon bagels and bagel sandwiches .	cinnamon bagels	positive
i love their cinnamon bagels and bagel sandwiches .	bagel sandwiches	positive
plus his pricing was ridiculous .	pricing	negative
super nice place and the waitress was on top of everything .	place	positive
super nice place and the waitress was on top of everything .	waitress	positive
( haha ) overall great positive vibe with great good and great service !	service	positive
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .	owner	positive
they will sooooo not get my money again !	money	negative
the variety of side dishes and potato offerings is a perfect complement .	variety of side dishes	positive
the variety of side dishes and potato offerings is a perfect complement .	potato offerings	positive
the cruise was good .	cruise	positive
guess , they just call it food .	food	negative
debbie was super and so was everyone there really .	debbie	positive
the staff was really , great too .	staff	positive
it certainly is not the place featured on the show !	place	negative
quality , fast , affordable service !	quality	positive
quality , fast , affordable service !	service	positive
beautiful with a very nice selection of plants .	selection of plants	positive
my partner said his burro was boring and had not much flavor .	burro	negative
my partner said his burro was boring and had not much flavor .	flavor	negative
then you will eat your lunch and then start planning your next meal here .	lunch	positive
then you will eat your lunch and then start planning your next meal here .	meal	positive
the food is incredible and their wine selection ai n't bad either .	food	positive
the food is incredible and their wine selection ai n't bad either .	wine selection	positive
everyone loved their dish .	dish	positive
ingredients all very fresh and high quality .	ingredients	positive
ingredients all very fresh and high quality .	quality	positive
gorgeous tranquil outdoor seating .	outdoor seating	positive
thanks for the strong drink , sam !	drink	positive
love ... love ... love this spot ... ... .	spot	positive
they have good american fare and some good green chile .	american fare	positive
they have good american fare and some good green chile .	green chile	positive
it 's a really great , simple place .	place	positive
great staff here as well ... our server was fabulous !	staff	positive
great staff here as well ... our server was fabulous !	server	positive
always make my coffee perfect and never run out of donuts .	coffee	positive
always make my coffee perfect and never run out of donuts .	donuts	positive
the food speaks for itself !	food	positive
to top it off the food was bland and clearly not fresh .	food	negative
clubhouse was empty .	clubhouse	negative
but again , drenched in vinaigrette .	vinaigrette	negative
if i could give this place _num_ stars because i would .	place _num_	positive
we know good food and service and this was outstanding .	food	positive
we know good food and service and this was outstanding .	service	positive
very good food and service .	food	positive
very good food and service .	service	positive
creative , local food .	food	positive
the food was very fresh and very good , sandwiches mostly that i noticed .	food	positive
the food was very fresh and very good , sandwiches mostly that i noticed .	sandwiches	positive
this place always has great sandwiches and great service .	sandwiches	positive
this place always has great sandwiches and great service .	service	positive
this place has gone downhill since my last review .	place	negative
would never recommend to anyone find a better company to do business with .	company	negative
_num_ month went by and they called to say cushions were ready .	cushions	positive
there was no italian ambience .	italian ambience	negative
not to mention their tasty drinks and friendly staff !	drinks	positive
not to mention their tasty drinks and friendly staff !	staff	positive
great happy hour !	happy hour	positive
trader joe 's is so much better than whole foods in every way .	foods	positive
seating area is beautiful and the fresh baked bread is unbelievable .	seating area	positive
seating area is beautiful and the fresh baked bread is unbelievable .	fresh baked bread	positive
service was friendly and efficient .	service	positive
the amenities and products top notch .	amenities	positive
the amenities and products top notch .	products	positive
then i went in my room and i thought someone was still staying there .	room	negative
my favorite choice is the filet mignon though !	filet mignon	positive
service was outstanding .	service	positive
each of us had seafood and it was very tasty .	seafood	positive
brought my truck in for an exhaust upgrade .	exhaust	positive
and the rack of lamb is incredible .	rack of lamb	positive
if you value your sleep find another hotel .	sleep	positive
if you value your sleep find another hotel .	hotel	positive
i definitely want to try their pizzas next !	pizzas	positive
defalco 's is one of my new top spots for lunch !	lunch	positive
the lamb fondue was so great , the trout , salads and chicken .	lamb fondue	positive
the lamb fondue was so great , the trout , salads and chicken .	trout	positive
the lamb fondue was so great , the trout , salads and chicken .	salads	positive
the lamb fondue was so great , the trout , salads and chicken .	chicken	positive
the beer selection was impressive .	beer selection	positive
very authentic italian food .	italian food	positive
then five minutes after the guacamole was served , the entrees arrived .	guacamole	positive
then five minutes after the guacamole was served , the entrees arrived .	served	negative
then five minutes after the guacamole was served , the entrees arrived .	entrees	positive
atmosphere , food and staff are all amazing .	atmosphere	positive
atmosphere , food and staff are all amazing .	food	positive
atmosphere , food and staff are all amazing .	staff	positive
the mexican food here is delicious , very authentic and fresh !	mexican food	positive
love this place !	place	positive
i love this store !	store	positive
crap cheap food .	food	negative
to hell with this place .	place	negative
anything and everything on there menu is great !	menu	positive
the staff are experienced and well informed .	staff	positive
a surprise small market with good produce .	produce	positive
rooftop dining with good food , prompt and attentive service , and reasonable service .	food	positive
rooftop dining with good food , prompt and attentive service , and reasonable service .	service	positive
rooftop dining with good food , prompt and attentive service , and reasonable service .	service	positive
they have no `` signature '' pizzas , it 's all build your own .	pizzas	negative
my job is n't always perfect , but i do love it here !	job	positive
great and friendly service !	service	positive
he likes to talk about foods that cause cavities .	foods	positive
the veal looked and tasted like duck !	veal	positive
the veal looked and tasted like duck !	duck	positive
he was out of steak .	steak	negative
the staff was friendly and extremely helpful .	staff	positive
possibly the best restaurant fare i have ever eaten of any cuisine .	restaurant fare	positive
possibly the best restaurant fare i have ever eaten of any cuisine .	cuisine	positive
the chimichanga is amazing !	chimichanga	positive
the chicken was weird .	chicken	negative
love the proximity to my home as i will be a regular here !	proximity	positive
authentic chinese cuisine with ambience to match .	chinese cuisine	positive
authentic chinese cuisine with ambience to match .	ambience	positive
very light , delicious and half of the wrap will fill you up .	wrap	positive
good margaritas , good chips and salsa .	margaritas	positive
good margaritas , good chips and salsa .	chips	positive
not worth the price .	price	negative
after waiting in line _num_ minutes i ordered the italian combo to go .	italian combo	positive
this will cause for some interesting business if you continue to hire shitty waitress .	waitress	negative
the dogs were very happy to see him again .	dogs	positive
also , nice pool facilities and clean , big rooms .	pool facilities	positive
also , nice pool facilities and clean , big rooms .	rooms	positive
this is by far the best dental practice i have ever been to .	dental practice	positive
consistently well prepared lunches and dinners .	lunches	positive
consistently well prepared lunches and dinners .	dinners	positive
the beef was not the best quality and was n't cooked to my liking .	beef	negative
the beef was not the best quality and was n't cooked to my liking .	quality	negative
actually , i order it as egg white , but it comes either way .	egg	negative
the staff at this safeway makes it great .	staff	positive
also had eggplant with chicken and tofu , also delicious .	eggplant with chicken	positive
also had eggplant with chicken and tofu , also delicious .	tofu	positive
the owner gives a year warranty on the replacement .	owner	positive
eddie is thorough , honest and talented .	eddie	positive
mi comida is always delicious and authentic central american cuisine .	central american cuisine	positive
the food is very spicy and well prepared .	food	positive
good ice cream but great environment !	ice cream	positive
good ice cream but great environment !	environment	positive
the bad : consistency is not common here .	bad : consistency	negative
very poor customer service .	customer service	negative
my go to spot for steak tacos in old town .	steak tacos	positive
the staff is super friendly and efficient .	staff	positive
my entree , never get this .	entree	positive
cute place to bring your family .	place	positive
recently moved to az and was looking for a hair stylist .	hair	positive
i also asked for an oil change and a complete inspection .	oil change	positive
cool water at every station and plenty of shade to keep you cool .	water	positive
cool water at every station and plenty of shade to keep you cool .	shade	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
consistently the worst line management in the grocery industry .	line management	negative
consistently the worst line management in the grocery industry .	grocery	negative
great food .	food	positive
they 're rude , terrible service , terrible attitudes .	service	negative
service is so nice and coffee delish !	service	positive
service is so nice and coffee delish !	coffee	positive
they took great care of him in his `` kitty condo '' .	kitty condo	positive
the first signs should be been telling .	signs	negative
no continental breakfast for $ _num_ a night ?	continental breakfast	negative
overall a very positive dining experience there !	dining experience	positive
that said the food and service was pretty respectable .	food	positive
that said the food and service was pretty respectable .	service	positive
absolutely love the lettuce wraps !	lettuce wraps	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
they were so dry that i had to pour lots of sauce over them .	sauce	negative
i am very happy with the work and care put in to the results .	work	positive
location small but clean .	location	negative
this place is top notch when it comes to fresh deli sandwiches !	deli sandwiches	positive
cute little cat boutique for everything the cat lover could want !	cat boutique	positive
cute little cat boutique for everything the cat lover could want !	cat	positive
the food is great , fresh and tasteful !	food	positive
so needless to say , avoid this place at all cost .	cost	negative
the waitress was rude and not attentive .	waitress	negative
really good korean bbq , and you grill it yourself at your table .	korean bbq	positive
really good korean bbq , and you grill it yourself at your table .	table	positive
my husband had the salmon penne and loved it .	salmon penne	positive
nice touch .	touch	positive
smart and final is exactly what i said before it 's a baby costco .	baby costco	positive
liked checking out other locations too .	locations	positive
and i absolutely love their coffee .	coffee	positive
fair prices .	prices	positive
excellent food .	food	positive
i love their huge selection of ribbon .	selection of ribbon	positive
oh , and parking sucks .	parking	negative
the italian soda was amazing .	italian soda	positive
waitress needs attitude check .	waitress	negative
waitress needs attitude check .	attitude check	negative
the only highlight of our meal was the chips .	meal	positive
the only highlight of our meal was the chips .	chips	positive
recommend both of these two food items !	food items	positive
the veal and pork osso bucco are to die for !	veal	positive
the veal and pork osso bucco are to die for !	pork osso bucco	positive
i 'd highly recommend lon 's .	lon 's	positive
i have never been to a restaurant with better customer service .	customer service	positive
dirty plates , silverware , walls , floors , everything !	plates	negative
dirty plates , silverware , walls , floors , everything !	silverware	negative
dirty plates , silverware , walls , floors , everything !	walls	negative
dirty plates , silverware , walls , floors , everything !	floors	negative
avoid this place !	place	negative
it 's too bad because i love mexican food .	mexican food	positive
i was yelled at by the extremely rude person running the car wash !	car wash	negative
the chicken lo mein had breaded chicken in it with no flavor .	chicken lo mein	negative
the chicken lo mein had breaded chicken in it with no flavor .	breaded chicken	negative
really nice selection of clothes and great service !	selection of clothes	positive
really nice selection of clothes and great service !	service	positive
however , the workers were friendly .	workers	positive
for a chain i really like this place .	chain	positive
for a chain i really like this place .	place	positive
i ca n't deny the place did have an odor .	place	negative
i ca n't deny the place did have an odor .	odor	positive
they brought out our appetizers with our entrees because they forgot about the appetizers .	appetizers	negative
they brought out our appetizers with our entrees because they forgot about the appetizers .	entrees	negative
they brought out our appetizers with our entrees because they forgot about the appetizers .	appetizers	negative
so the main thing -- pathetic service .	service	negative
one of the best saturday 's i 've had in a long time .	saturday	positive
the salads are a complete joke .	salads	positive
great place !	place	positive
carlsbad tavern is my favorite mexican restaurant .	carlsbad tavern	positive
side salad was fresh & good .	side salad	positive
the food here , its freakin ' good .	food	positive
best sushi in the area .	sushi in	positive
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	place	negative
i really do n't know how this place has an average rating of _num_ .	place	negative
that night , i could n't sleep due to the paper thin walls .	walls	negative
rice was dry as well as the tamale .	rice	negative
rice was dry as well as the tamale .	tamale	negative
but this last time both check-in and check-out were rude and difficult .	check-in	negative
but this last time both check-in and check-out were rude and difficult .	check-out	negative
food is totally awesome .	food	positive
nice outdoor eating area .	outdoor eating area	positive
the margaritas are worth the trip .	margaritas	positive
good was excellent and the chopped salad lived up to expectations .	chopped salad	positive
great food !	food	positive
kazimierz has a huge selection of wines .	selection of wines	positive
second of all , the service was lousy .	service	negative
but the hockey puck $ _num_ burger ; yuck !	hockey puck $ _num_ burger	positive
i 'm very disappointed in the quality of the food served here .	quality	negative
i 'm very disappointed in the quality of the food served here .	food served	negative
good food .	food	positive
the server was n't buying .	server	negative
i would not recommend this place for anything .	place	negative
sit in the bar , always freindly service .	bar	positive
sit in the bar , always freindly service .	service	positive
because its the only place open to get an ice cream float .	ice cream float	positive
i loved the glazed twists !	glazed twists	positive
this place is authentic and awesome !	place	positive
service was excellent .	service	positive
the deli slaw was soaked in vinegar .	deli slaw	negative
this is one of the best restaurants in all of arizona by far .	restaurants	positive
they had really great omelets and the coffee was strong !	omelets	positive
they had really great omelets and the coffee was strong !	coffee	positive
food taste great _num_ % of the time !	food	positive
i highly recommend this place , really grateful to have found them !	place	positive
my family totally loves bahama bucks .	bahama bucks	positive
and fantastic service !	service	positive
i would highly recommend these guys !	guys	positive
waiter was very friendly and helpful .	waiter	positive
the burger was tasteless and very , very small .	burger	negative
the office is clean , modern and with all new technology .	office	positive
makes for a very uncomfortable shopping experience .	shopping	negative
nice fast dinner in a nice and cozy place .	dinner	positive
nice fast dinner in a nice and cozy place .	place	positive
the total bill for _num_ was $ _num_ with no alcohol !	bill	negative
the total bill for _num_ was $ _num_ with no alcohol !	alcohol	negative
i got a flavored mojito , and it hit the spot .	flavored mojito	positive
this was the worst sushi place i have been to .	sushi place	negative
great old school charm , wonderful food !	food	positive
great food , fantastic ambience and great staff .	food	positive
great food , fantastic ambience and great staff .	ambience	positive
great food , fantastic ambience and great staff .	staff	positive
if you can , pick another place to get your education .	education	positive
great food and great environment .	food	positive
great food and great environment .	environment	positive
i 'd recommend avoiding this and going across the road to pizza re .	pizza	positive
we started with a house salad and enjoyed that quite a bit .	house salad	positive
my best friend loves their hamburger ( big ! )	hamburger	positive
the employees at this location are rude and they have cockroaches .	employees	negative
my favorite new mexico mexican food restaurant in the entire valley .	mexican food	positive
thank you , mark !	mark	positive
the families are so appreciative and it does good for your heart and theirs .	families	positive
the families are so appreciative and it does good for your heart and theirs .	heart	positive
their happy hour is also very good .	happy	positive
it took awhile to get out drinks and food .	drinks	negative
it took awhile to get out drinks and food .	food	negative
it is a very classy salon was very friendly and accommodating service .	salon	positive
it is a very classy salon was very friendly and accommodating service .	service	positive
i thought it was an enjoyable restaurant .	restaurant	positive
i 've met some great people there too .	people	positive
drink were awful .	drink	negative
stetson salad !	stetson salad	positive
had delicious tacos on taco tuesday .	tacos on taco	positive
the pizza had very little sauce and was incredibly dry !	pizza	negative
the pizza had very little sauce and was incredibly dry !	sauce	negative
i got the carne asada burrito & it was delicious .	carne asada burrito	positive
i was in tonight and both bartenders were amazing , especially the young man !	bartenders	positive
both of our water glasses had been empty half the meal .	water glasses	negative
both of our water glasses had been empty half the meal .	meal	negative
terrible experience .	experience	negative
it really is a good time .	time	positive
there was no service at the bar save for some water .	service	negative
there was no service at the bar save for some water .	bar	negative
there was no service at the bar save for some water .	water	negative
great office .	office	positive
the place was packed on a thursday evening but we had great service .	place	negative
the place was packed on a thursday evening but we had great service .	service	positive
the crispy fried duck was delicious when coupled with the spicy sauce .	crispy fried duck	positive
the crispy fried duck was delicious when coupled with the spicy sauce .	spicy sauce	positive
great park .	park	positive
my husband and i went to the salt cellar for our anniversary .	salt cellar	positive
six of us went to dinner on saturday evening to celebrate a birthday .	dinner	positive
always good service , never a wait , was quick for take out too .	service	positive
always good service , never a wait , was quick for take out too .	wait	positive
always good service , never a wait , was quick for take out too .	take out	positive
lost points though for adding in an auto gratuity for subpar service ) .	service	negative
very friendly amd attentive !	amd	positive
more importantly , they take excellent care of my son 's teeth .	teeth	positive
this place is not worth the time .	place	negative
homemade chips and salsa !	homemade chips	positive
homemade chips and salsa !	salsa	positive
if not , lock your doors .	doors	negative
worst service ever with a completely incompetent staff .	service	negative
worst service ever with a completely incompetent staff .	staff	negative
manager tells me they do n't cook their fish all the way .	manager	negative
manager tells me they do n't cook their fish all the way .	fish	negative
friendly chat from the three barbers .	barbers	positive
great course to work on your short game !	short game	positive
food was decent and reasonably priced .	food	positive
food was decent and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
the rice was hard , the beans were dry .	rice	negative
the rice was hard , the beans were dry .	beans	negative
i will definitely bring my vehicles back again !	vehicles	positive
i gave up , called my regular mechanic who sent a tow truck out .	tow	negative
my spaghetti and meatballs was pure garbage .	spaghetti and meatballs	negative
good food and service .	food	positive
good food and service .	service	positive
very limited menu is uninspired .	menu	negative
the menus is good with decent prices .	menus	positive
the menus is good with decent prices .	prices	positive
it was just too much food for one person .	food	negative
this family-owned restaurant is so awesome .	restaurant	positive
the people who helped me at the market were also super wonderful .	people	positive
we would love to come back to this restaurant and would highly recommend it !	restaurant	positive
full menu and fun interior ( pink , pink and more pink ) .	menu	positive
full menu and fun interior ( pink , pink and more pink ) .	interior	positive
good grub !	grub	positive
the balance of flavors was just spectacular and the amount of food was plentiful .	balance of flavors	positive
the balance of flavors was just spectacular and the amount of food was plentiful .	amount of food	positive
the staff is helpful and attentive .	staff	positive
specials are not mentioned .	specials	negative
nice staycation .	staycation	positive
seriously great place .	place	positive
not a big deal , the guys were cool .	guys	positive
their pizza crust is really good .	pizza crust	positive
why is this place busy ?	place	negative
she then told me that not all the candies was for me to take .	candies	negative
this grandma only offered me .	grandma	positive
absolutely the best _num_ cent , marinated barbacoa tacos you will find anywhere around .	_num_	positive
absolutely the best _num_ cent , marinated barbacoa tacos you will find anywhere around .	barbacoa tacos	positive
kids meal options were a nice change .	kids meal options	positive
the menu and the service is amazing !	menu	positive
the menu and the service is amazing !	service	positive
i 'm not sure what happened but this place went downhill fast !	place	negative
you ca n't beat great service !	service	positive
good food friendly service and a great location .	food	positive
good food friendly service and a great location .	service	positive
good food friendly service and a great location .	location	positive
they gave me the lowest quote and the best service .	service	positive
one of my favorite desserts !	desserts	positive
it was all excellent and so were our servers .	servers	positive
the burger confused him , i guess because it normally comes in a meal .	burger	negative
the burger confused him , i guess because it normally comes in a meal .	meal	negative
our server was prompt and pleasant .	server	positive
had a great stylist who was very thoughtful and their service was fantastic !	service	positive
very good thin crust pizza .	thin crust pizza	positive
christopher at the front desk was lovely and made check in a snap !	check	positive
the women were are all gorgeous and plentiful .	women	positive
i had the tamales and they were the best i 've ever had !	tamales	positive
$ _num_ for the nachos ?	nachos	positive
i had corned beef with eggs over easy hash browns and toast .	corned beef with eggs over	positive
i had corned beef with eggs over easy hash browns and toast .	hash browns	positive
i had corned beef with eggs over easy hash browns and toast .	toast	positive
absolutely the best green corn tamales i have ever tasted !	green corn tamales	positive
staff is great here .	staff	positive
the service was also horrible i asked for a desert menu twice .	service	negative
the service was also horrible i asked for a desert menu twice .	desert menu	negative
he gave me a few extra sauces too .	sauces	positive
he recommended amazing dishes .	dishes	positive
from the service to the food and the atmosphere everything is really good .	service	positive
from the service to the food and the atmosphere everything is really good .	food	positive
from the service to the food and the atmosphere everything is really good .	atmosphere	positive
when we arrived , they were unable to locate the car in question .	car	negative
had vegan options - spring rolls and dumplings , excellent , beautifully prepared .	spring rolls	positive
had vegan options - spring rolls and dumplings , excellent , beautifully prepared .	dumplings	positive
nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
there was blue dye all over my walls .	walls	negative
it was by far the worst service i have experienced in a long time .	service	negative
they have such a massive variety already cold which is amazing .	variety	positive
i think that this place has the worst service !	service	negative
milk depot has the best salsa in the valley of the sun .	milk depot	positive
milk depot has the best salsa in the valley of the sun .	salsa	positive
service was very food and food was great .	service	positive
service was very food and food was great .	food	positive
service was very food and food was great .	food	positive
perfect to take to work for lunch .	lunch	positive
went in on a sunday with a sunday only coupon .	sunday	negative
went in on a sunday with a sunday only coupon .	coupon	negative
they are definitely animal lovers !	animal	positive
and toni is a wonderful server !	server	positive
bashas has gone downhill .	bashas	negative
took my family and enjoyed some live music .	live music	positive
great complex .	complex	positive
we got there _num_ minutes early to get a good table .	table	positive
the upside is that the food is great and the prices are even better .	food	positive
the upside is that the food is great and the prices are even better .	prices	positive
place is truly a gem !	place	positive
great variety , great coffee , fresh donuts .	coffee , fresh donuts	positive
i did get a brand new washer and dryer for my unit , though .	washer	positive
i did get a brand new washer and dryer for my unit , though .	dryer	positive
i did get a brand new washer and dryer for my unit , though .	unit	positive
the waffle cone was fresh and crunchy and the ice cream portions are generous .	waffle cone	positive
the waffle cone was fresh and crunchy and the ice cream portions are generous .	ice cream portions	positive
great job and on time .	job	positive
bed springs were broken on the bed .	bed springs	negative
dr kyle and his office staff are the best !	office staff	positive
excellent food !	food	positive
that 's good stuff !	stuff	positive
wait staff was great , and the outdoor seating by the waterfall is beautiful !	wait staff	positive
wait staff was great , and the outdoor seating by the waterfall is beautiful !	outdoor seating by the	positive
i recommend the the works and any bowl of soup .	works	positive
i recommend the the works and any bowl of soup .	bowl of soup	positive
it 's always packed every day here with a line out the door !	line	negative
avoid this place at all costs !	place	negative
the food at this place was quite greasy and lacking flavor .	food	negative
the food at this place was quite greasy and lacking flavor .	flavor	negative
the best chinese food chain around !	chinese food chain	positive
one of the best pizza spots in the area !	pizza spots	positive
the lamb chops are succulent and savory .	lamb chops	positive
great prices and a lot of food .	prices	positive
great prices and a lot of food .	food	positive
i did n't end up ordering dessert because the vibe just was n't comforting .	dessert	negative
i did n't end up ordering dessert because the vibe just was n't comforting .	vibe	negative
and to top it off the guy could have cared less .	guy	negative
after the show was over , our waitress came by with our bill .	waitress	positive
after the show was over , our waitress came by with our bill .	bill	positive
i felt so bad for recommending the place i picked up the bill .	place	negative
i felt so bad for recommending the place i picked up the bill .	bill	negative
great place to get a drink and relax .	drink	positive
it 's probably wise to make a reservation for this place .	reservation	positive
good stuff .	stuff	positive
the ribs were smoky and delicious and the iced tea was divine .	ribs	positive
the ribs were smoky and delicious and the iced tea was divine .	iced tea	positive
the happy hour is immaculate .	happy hour	positive
really guys , this stew is phenomenal .	stew	positive
great burritos .	burritos	positive
just tasted like heavily battered tasteless chicken .	chicken	negative
the dude who took my delivery order was really rude .	dude	negative
the dude who took my delivery order was really rude .	delivery order	negative
nice romantic place .	place	positive
the bill was $ _num_ for two , with a tip .	bill	positive
the employees there are very knowledgeable and friendly .	employees	positive
the staff are very friendly .	staff	positive
keep up the good work !	work	positive
she apologized and offered comps for any upcoming show .	comps	negative
some if the staff very unprofessional and program really does n't work .	staff	negative
some if the staff very unprofessional and program really does n't work .	program	negative
was n't the best , but way better than the butter !	butter	negative
all of their work is quality .	work	positive
all of their work is quality .	quality	positive
great selection , family owned vibe and the stuffed pasta shells were fantastic .	selection	positive
great selection , family owned vibe and the stuffed pasta shells were fantastic .	vibe	positive
great selection , family owned vibe and the stuffed pasta shells were fantastic .	stuffed pasta shells	positive
waitstaff all friendly !	waitstaff	positive
chicken wrap was so so but the open face steak sandwich was delicious .	chicken wrap	positive
chicken wrap was so so but the open face steak sandwich was delicious .	open face steak sandwich	positive
also the two times i have been there the place has smelled like mildew .	place	negative
especially if you want something spicy , he 's got something for you .	spicy	positive
a must do place .	place	positive
they will even cook you a piece so you can try it .	piece	positive
great place for waxing too !	waxing	positive
great service and open late !	service	positive
the nails are sloppy , sharp and uneven .	nails	negative
i took a bridesmaid dress in _num_ weeks before the wedding .	dress	positive
and the pizzas were just mediocre .	pizzas	negative
this is my go-to place in my new neighborhood !	place	positive
by the way , we never did get that sauce delivery .	sauce delivery	negative
the food is fresh and full of flavor .	food	positive
nice place to take visitors from out of town .	place	positive
walgreens corporate should send secret shoppers .	walgreens	negative
they have the best happy hour and daily specials around .	happy hour	positive
always amazing : chefs testing at the bar is out of this planet !	chefs testing	positive
always amazing : chefs testing at the bar is out of this planet !	bar	positive
what the other _num_ people were doing , i have no clue .	people	negative
best deli in phoenix !	deli	positive
great donuts , a little hard to find but worth the hunt .	donuts	positive
great donuts , a little hard to find but worth the hunt .	hunt	positive
drink selection , especially the wine is exquisite .	drink selection	positive
drink selection , especially the wine is exquisite .	wine	positive
incredible attention to detail in the decorating .	decorating	positive
love burrito express !	burrito express	positive
great location with an incredibly authentic feel .	location	positive
great location with an incredibly authentic feel .	feel	positive
i rate a place on their tiramisu ( awesome ! )	tiramisu	positive
great service and prices on new tires for my truck .	service	positive
great service and prices on new tires for my truck .	prices	positive
great service and prices on new tires for my truck .	tires	positive
very friendly staff .	staff	positive
the service was horrible .	service	negative
overall good place .	place	positive
it costs money to park and they do n't have many spaces .	spaces	negative
service is super fast and friendly .	service	positive
they have terrible customer service , especially at the corporate level !	customer service	negative
sound like they have some real money issues beware .	money	negative
great great great service !	service	positive
great job management !	job management	positive
shredded beef tacos are excellent as well .	shredded beef tacos	positive
it looked and tasted like it came from a box .	box	negative
happy hour prices were not honored on the patio .	prices	positive
and they have the best selection in town .	selection	positive
delicious place , so glad i got to come here !	place	positive
service was fast and friendly .	service	positive
best pizza west of the mississippi .	pizza	positive
_num_ word for this place - nope !	place	negative
my boss would n't eat anything else !	boss	negative
also the gym is huge but none of the equipment works !	gym	positive
also the gym is huge but none of the equipment works !	equipment	negative
great customer service !	customer service	positive
the whole process was pleasant .	process	positive
we sat at the bar which was fun and had the best service !	service	positive
anyways , great atmosphere , friendly staff and really good food .	atmosphere	positive
anyways , great atmosphere , friendly staff and really good food .	staff	positive
anyways , great atmosphere , friendly staff and really good food .	food	positive
love this place for their orange blossom beer .	orange blossom beer	positive
with tip we laid out right around $ _num_ and will not be returning .	tip	negative
next time i wo n't be so shy about returning bad food .	food	positive
the outdoor patio was perfect .	outdoor patio	positive
the pizza is great ... and big .	pizza	positive
it 's a gym !	gym	positive
prices are great , you really ca n't beat 'em .	prices	positive
boba at 4am is amazing .	boba	positive
very reasonable priced as well .	priced	positive
we had a really nice time .	time	positive
their eclectic menu is fun to browse .	menu	positive
this would be expected when you drop $ _num_ for a pizza .	pizza	negative
they are one of the best in the area !	area	positive
johnny is the most amazing bartender and best customer service there is .	bartender	positive
johnny is the most amazing bartender and best customer service there is .	customer service	positive
stove , refrigerator are very old and not energy save .	stove	negative
stove , refrigerator are very old and not energy save .	refrigerator	negative
the clear noodles are my favorite .	clear noodles	positive
at the point our food arrived , we still had no utensils .	food	negative
at the point our food arrived , we still had no utensils .	utensils	negative
we go there often and enjoy our meals every time .	meals	positive
and i will highly recommend this place .	place	positive
the food was delicious and presentation was just amazing .	food	positive
the food was delicious and presentation was just amazing .	presentation	positive
the food was actually pretty crappy , although the fries were good .	food	negative
the food was actually pretty crappy , although the fries were good .	fries	positive
the gentleman did have an attitude .	gentleman	positive
the patio is so relaxing , and beautiful !	patio	positive
karen is amazing !	karen	positive
our waiter was superb and his recommendations were all spot-on .	waiter	positive
i really hate this branch of pita jungle .	branch of pita jungle	negative
fantastic service and great food .	service	positive
fantastic service and great food .	food	positive
the location is nice and clean , i will definitely be back !	location	positive
the feet , legs and quick shoulders massage was great !	feet	positive
the feet , legs and quick shoulders massage was great !	legs	positive
the feet , legs and quick shoulders massage was great !	shoulders massage	positive
the milkshakes are delicious they have so many flavors but chocolate is the best !	milkshakes	positive
the milkshakes are delicious they have so many flavors but chocolate is the best !	chocolate	positive
i highly recommend marina 's jewelry .	marina	positive
i highly recommend marina 's jewelry .	jewelry	positive
thanks penske and anthony !	penske	positive
nicole has always been very rude and short .	nicole	negative
they really have the best wings .	wings	positive
right in our area and always friendly service .	service	positive
the downstairs units are horrid for one major reason .	downstairs units	negative
food was poor , service indifferent .	food	negative
food was poor , service indifferent .	service	negative
had a wonderful dinner at j & g .	dinner	positive
one of the best places to get hot wings and i mean hot !	wings	positive
the service is really great .	service	positive
the food is amazing .	food	positive
when i got to my room , my impression immediately changed .	room	negative
the calzone was delicious as was the chicken marsala !	calzone	positive
the calzone was delicious as was the chicken marsala !	chicken marsala	positive
best baklava in the state of az !	baklava	positive
the chips and salsa are really good as well .	chips	positive
the chips and salsa are really good as well .	salsa	positive
and they are supper fast and really good prices .	prices	positive
great food and awesome service .	food	positive
great food and awesome service .	service	positive
our server checked on us throughout the meal and everything perfect .	server	positive
our server checked on us throughout the meal and everything perfect .	meal	positive
the manager richard makes you feel like home , taking care of little details .	manager	negative
showed up here on a beautiful saturday morning ... after a night of drinking .	drinking	positive
it was a second floor unit , which was wrong .	second floor unit	negative
center for dermatology is an outstanding practice .	dermatology	positive
there 's no way out of that contract .	contract	negative
fun times for sure .	times	positive
their chorizo , potato and egg burrito is also excellent .	chorizo , potato	positive
their chorizo , potato and egg burrito is also excellent .	egg burrito	positive
it is a beautiful venue with great acoustics .	venue	positive
it is a beautiful venue with great acoustics .	acoustics	positive
definitely a reasonable price too .	price	positive
they have a huge selection at great prices .	prices	positive
the staff takes their job ... and product ... very seriously .	staff	positive
the staff takes their job ... and product ... very seriously .	product	positive
great customer service .	customer service	positive
they have consistent quality and a great tasting product !	quality	positive
they have consistent quality and a great tasting product !	product	positive
a far cry from actual new mexico food .	new mexico food	negative
still the greatest pizza out here in the west !	pizza	positive
the manager was not apologetic at all .	manager	negative
everyone loved the food , and the drinks were tasty too .	food	positive
everyone loved the food , and the drinks were tasty too .	drinks	positive
i love reliable and local businesses like these .	businesses	positive
you can really see and taste that they make there own chorizo .	chorizo	positive
good service .	service	positive
the fried pickles were nothing to write home about .	fried pickles	negative
what a great place !	place	positive
clean restaurant with nice presentation of offerings displayed .	presentation of offerings	positive
his service was excellent and so was the food .	service	positive
his service was excellent and so was the food .	food	positive
we to the amazing thai bistro on a friday night .	thai bistro	positive
their sandwiches are quite gourmet and amazing .	sandwiches	positive
their sourdough and wheat are good .	sourdough	positive
their sourdough and wheat are good .	wheat	positive
great sandwiches .	sandwiches	positive
best barber i 've ever come across .	barber	positive
do not go to this restaurant !	restaurant	negative
a month passes by and we find out that rep was fired .	rep	negative
me : i 'd like to get this skirt hemmed .	skirt	positive
i did at least get my money back .	money	negative
short term memory apparently since they were still on main entree .	main entree	negative
great drinks , helpful waiter and phenomenal chicken flat bread .	drinks	positive
great drinks , helpful waiter and phenomenal chicken flat bread .	waiter	positive
great drinks , helpful waiter and phenomenal chicken flat bread .	chicken flat bread	positive
great bar , awesome staff .	bar	positive
great bar , awesome staff .	staff	positive
very nice place !	place	positive
price was pretty good .	price	positive
there is ample room for dancing and taking pictures !	pictures	positive
the quiche was a pleasant surprise .	quiche	positive
i 'm not exactly sure who is expected to buy a back issue here ?	back issue	negative
i got the bacon wrapped filet ... amazing !	bacon wrapped filet	positive
side order of cheesy garlic bread .	cheesy garlic bread	positive
great service and delicious food !	service	positive
great service and delicious food !	food	positive
it was depressing school !	school	negative
great ambiance .	ambiance	positive
patio has a great atmosphere at night .	patio	positive
patio has a great atmosphere at night .	atmosphere	positive
friendly staff , fun atmosphere , good food , cheap pricing .	staff	positive
friendly staff , fun atmosphere , good food , cheap pricing .	atmosphere	positive
friendly staff , fun atmosphere , good food , cheap pricing .	food	positive
friendly staff , fun atmosphere , good food , cheap pricing .	pricing	positive
there was no other customer in the store .	customer	negative
abby did a wonderful job on my color and cut .	abby	positive
abby did a wonderful job on my color and cut .	color	positive
abby did a wonderful job on my color and cut .	cut	positive
good area , safe ... ca n't really ask for more !	area	positive
they have great prices and amazing clearance racks !	prices	positive
they have great prices and amazing clearance racks !	clearance racks	positive
trash cans overflowing , juice spilled on floor ignored .	trash cans	negative
trash cans overflowing , juice spilled on floor ignored .	juice	negative
love the service !	service	positive
the food was amazing as well .	food	positive
filet was ordered really rare and turned up slightly more than rare .	filet	negative
this place is awesome !	place	positive
never even got a cocktail or anything !	cocktail	negative
took my daughter there and she loved it !	daughter	positive
acoustics are poor as well as the ventilation in the place .	acoustics	negative
acoustics are poor as well as the ventilation in the place .	ventilation	negative
the dinner turned out to be horrible !	dinner	negative
the massage was terrible and he used a tiny drop of lotion .	massage	negative
the massage was worth every penny and more .	massage	positive
wow - i had robert 's special and it was delicious .	robert	positive
very nice guys .	guys	positive
what a fabulous staff !	staff	positive
good service , good food , quiet enough for conversation .	service	positive
good service , good food , quiet enough for conversation .	food	positive
they have a nice selection on the menu .	selection	positive
they have a nice selection on the menu .	menu	positive
perfect for a group of folks in town to take in some baseball games !	baseball games	positive
good change from the usual wait .	wait	positive
the service was horrible .	service	negative
i do n't see the big deal with this place .	place	negative
i left this office shortly after my daughters _num_ month check up .	daughters _num_	negative
poorly ran facility , i would never recommend or stay here again .	facility	negative
i was super embarrassed and dont carry any other type of payment .	payment	negative
the restaurant was also great .	restaurant	positive
he looked rather angry that i did not leave him a tip .	tip	negative
cookies were delicious !	cookies	positive
love their salsa bar .	salsa bar	positive
i love the honesty too .	honesty	positive
my favorite local pizza joint .	pizza joint	positive
wow , this place is made for huge groups , not intimate at all !	place	positive
the acoustics also do n't seem very good there .	acoustics	negative
i loved that each dish had layers of flavor that all worked well together .	dish	positive
i loved that each dish had layers of flavor that all worked well together .	flavor	positive
, & they give you these garlicky , warm bread sticks ( free !	garlicky	positive
, & they give you these garlicky , warm bread sticks ( free !	bread sticks	positive
the fruit was so fresh and my meal was exactly what i needed .	fruit	positive
the fruit was so fresh and my meal was exactly what i needed .	meal	positive
the flavor was lacking and so was the sauce .	flavor	negative
the flavor was lacking and so was the sauce .	sauce	negative
the chips were the only good part of my meal .	chips	positive
the chips were the only good part of my meal .	meal	positive
you will probably add a few ideas to your memory book .	memory book	positive
great pizza , albeit a little overpriced .	pizza	positive
the restroom was a mess .	restroom	negative
all new furniture and a fresh coat of paint .	furniture	positive
i think the only authentic japanese item in this place was my watch .	japanese	positive
i think the only authentic japanese item in this place was my watch .	watch	positive
_num_ workers who had zero sense of urgency .	workers	negative
these shoes look brand new !	shoes	positive
i have a few friends living here and the place is just too big .	place	negative
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	soda	positive
our waitress was awful .	waitress	negative
the food is top quality and very well prepared .	food	positive
they also have wonderful customer service .	customer service	positive
i rented a room and it was too run down to stay in .	room	negative
we got lunch specials and left feeling very satisfied .	lunch specials	positive
great service by the staff .	service	positive
great service by the staff .	staff	positive
about _num_ minutes later some bread arrived which was pretty disappointing .	bread	negative
the food is amazing and the service is exceptional .	food	positive
the food is amazing and the service is exceptional .	service	positive
manager did not offer solution just that person was new and made a mistake .	manager	negative
best beer selection i 've come across in a long time .	beer selection	positive
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	people	positive
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	service	positive
i love bahama bucks !	bahama bucks	positive
do not go there for the free buffet there is a reason its free .	free buffet	negative
but the service is horrible .	service	negative
glad i found my new tire shop !	tire shop	positive
patio fireplace !	patio fireplace	positive
i would never go to this restaurant again .	restaurant	negative
maybe he gets into trouble for not immediately filling up waters or taking plates ?	plates	negative
iced cafe mocha is delicious !	iced cafe mocha	positive
love this place !	place	positive
gorgeous stadium !	stadium	positive
the best salsa in town .	salsa	positive
first of all they advertise _num_ oil change .	oil change	positive
the chicken was lukewarm and really funky tasting .	chicken	positive
this place is awful !	place	negative
nice quiet bar for drinks , and really good food .	quiet bar	positive
nice quiet bar for drinks , and really good food .	drinks	positive
nice quiet bar for drinks , and really good food .	food	positive
the place also has a good beer and vodka selection .	beer	positive
the place also has a good beer and vodka selection .	vodka selection	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
thank you to all the staff at eyecare plus .	staff	positive
i had to throw away all of my kitchen supplies and ive only started .	kitchen supplies	negative
i was so happy to finally have good lobster .	lobster	positive
nice looking location with indoor and outdoor seating .	location	positive
nice looking location with indoor and outdoor seating .	outdoor seating	positive
honest , skilled professional team .	professional	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
the food is great and they have amazing margaritas .	food	positive
the food is great and they have amazing margaritas .	margaritas	positive
i headed here for supper after a foodie friend highly recommended it .	supper	positive
the noodles are huge and gross .	noodles	positive
excellent smoky salsa !	smoky salsa	positive
food is always great , service top notch and atmosphere is relaxing and inviting .	food	positive
food is always great , service top notch and atmosphere is relaxing and inviting .	service	positive
food is always great , service top notch and atmosphere is relaxing and inviting .	atmosphere	positive
we cancelled our tv service _num_ months ago .	tv service	negative
tasted watered down , no flavor and just tasted like straight sugar .	flavor	negative
tasted watered down , no flavor and just tasted like straight sugar .	sugar	negative
bought a gift certificate for my significant other .	gift certificate	positive
you may even see the occasional body shot .	body shot	positive
the food was just okay but the service was terrible .	food	positive
the food was just okay but the service was terrible .	service	negative
the hospital looks very old and dirty .	hospital	negative
the best sushi in the east valley .	sushi	positive
this place is just short of a dump .	place	negative
this place is just short of a dump .	dump	negative
the shredded beef burrito was very tasty .	shredded beef burrito	positive
got food poisoning off a simple caesar salad .	food	negative
got food poisoning off a simple caesar salad .	caesar salad	negative
great prices .	prices	positive
this place is phenomenal .	place	positive
well , as a drinker i can say that the wine is great !	wine	positive
but seriously food is good .	food	positive
major points lost there .	points	negative
i would recommend this place .	place	positive
what a surprise this place was .	place	positive
rick and pam were very pleasant to deal with .	rick	positive
rick and pam were very pleasant to deal with .	pam	positive
overall a nice , dark , dive bar with good grub .	dive bar	positive
on vacation , found this place .	place	positive
my problem was with her work .	work	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
jalapeo pancake was exceptional along with the hash and mushroom omelette .	jalapeo pancake	positive
jalapeo pancake was exceptional along with the hash and mushroom omelette .	hash	positive
jalapeo pancake was exceptional along with the hash and mushroom omelette .	mushroom omelette	positive
amazing designs !	designs	positive
at this tire pros they really go above and beyond for their customers !	tire pros	positive
at this tire pros they really go above and beyond for their customers !	customers	positive
they do n't want your money .	money	negative
great fresh thai food !	fresh thai food	positive
amazing cannoli 's and great prices on food .	cannoli 's	positive
amazing cannoli 's and great prices on food .	prices on food	positive
the menu has changed ... not for the better .	menu	negative
great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
furniture missing .	furniture	negative
chris the owner , is in one word , amazing .	owner	positive
love supporting a local , family owned business .	business	positive
fantastic guest service , great stay in old town .	guest service	positive
still , i recommend this place often and will be back .	place	positive
one of the best deli sandwiches in town .	deli sandwiches	positive
most of the entrees are your typical tex-mex , but still excellent tasting .	entrees	positive
most of the entrees are your typical tex-mex , but still excellent tasting .	tex-mex	positive
keep up the good work !	work	positive
really great service and food !	service	positive
really great service and food !	food	positive
the salsa is very good .	salsa	positive
we cut off the ends and ate the rest of the pizza .	pizza	positive
service was terrible .	service	negative
erik , the manager is exceptional !	manager	positive
tried the margarita chicken and i loved it .	margarita chicken	positive
very friendly staff .	staff	positive
atmosphere is okay .	atmosphere	positive
the staff at old town are always quite professional and are ever so accommodating .	staff	positive
pf chang 's just ca n't get it right .	pf	negative
pf chang 's just ca n't get it right .	ca	negative
best dentist visit i 've ever had !	dentist visit	positive
a little disappointed as we came for lunch .	lunch	negative
love this place they have great pizza and ice cold beer .	pizza	positive
love this place they have great pizza and ice cold beer .	ice cold beer	positive
italian grotto sucks !	italian grotto	negative
this spa is my favorite in scottsdale az .	spa	positive
i know from experience this is a terrible school .	school	negative
she is a great teacher and very knowledgeable !	teacher	positive
the hostesses were not professional and the servers were even worse !	hostesses	negative
the hostesses were not professional and the servers were even worse !	servers	negative
huge and long established music store ... .	music store	positive
great music and nice people .	music	positive
great music and nice people .	people	positive
rice and beans makes a bland burrito .	rice and beans	negative
rice and beans makes a bland burrito .	burrito	negative
great beer selection -- both local and not .	beer selection	positive
as all employees have previously shown .	employees	positive
great food , obnoxious bartender , average atmosphere , good service .	food	positive
great food , obnoxious bartender , average atmosphere , good service .	bartender	positive
great food , obnoxious bartender , average atmosphere , good service .	atmosphere	positive
great food , obnoxious bartender , average atmosphere , good service .	service	positive
these guys are amazing !	guys	positive
it was delicious food and such genuinely good service .	food	positive
it was delicious food and such genuinely good service .	service	positive
the pools are heated and huge , and the hotel restaurant has solid food .	pools	positive
the pools are heated and huge , and the hotel restaurant has solid food .	food	positive
excellent service by will .	service	positive
the holiday decoration here was lovely .	holiday decoration	positive
fried calamari - perfect .	fried calamari	positive
also did n't get the second cookie which i also paid for .	cookie	negative
i used to live near here and this is my favorite safeway .	safeway	positive
i literally had to spit out my first bite of sashimi ( tuna ) .	sashimi ( tuna )	negative
the bartender was very friendly and was quick to serve us .	bartender	positive
fries were cold and beef dip dry however wifey enjoyed the salad .	fries	negative
fries were cold and beef dip dry however wifey enjoyed the salad .	beef dip	negative
fries were cold and beef dip dry however wifey enjoyed the salad .	salad	positive
wonderful crew and a really great venue to have private events .	crew	positive
wonderful crew and a really great venue to have private events .	venue	positive
what delicious pizza with great flavors .	pizza	positive
what delicious pizza with great flavors .	flavors	positive
very happy client !	client	positive
pool is very nice and the residents are friendly .	pool	positive
pool is very nice and the residents are friendly .	residents	positive
everyone is so friendly and nice .	everyone	positive
the crowd is hit and miss .	crowd	negative
just a fun place to dine .	place	positive
all the techs are great that we 've encountered .	techs	positive
they are no larger than a lemon and are absolutely divine .	lemon	positive
the staff needs to be educated on there products and customer service .	staff	negative
the staff needs to be educated on there products and customer service .	products	positive
the staff needs to be educated on there products and customer service .	customer service	positive
stressed about issues with battery , and went to this place .	battery	negative
best drive thru mexican food in scottsdale by far .	mexican food	positive
beautiful atmosphere , wonderful attentive staff .	atmosphere	positive
beautiful atmosphere , wonderful attentive staff .	staff	positive
the _num_ holes got a lot of excitement indeed !	_num_	positive
tasteless , dry yuk !	yuk	negative
i trust their opinions , prices , and work without any reservations .	prices	positive
do they get a warning for noise ?	noise	negative
the alternative copy shop is just that , an alternative .	alternative copy shop	positive
and surely enough , the food sucked !	food	negative
salads are great , pizza is great go here !	salads	positive
salads are great , pizza is great go here !	pizza	positive
dr thompson is the most caring amd compassionate dentist i have ever met .	amd	positive
dr thompson is the most caring amd compassionate dentist i have ever met .	dentist	positive
you know , i wish i could write a review of the food .	food	positive
all they want is your hard earned cash .	cash	negative
it was like they had given us a room someone was already staying in .	room	negative
you get a plate for salsa , and the chips are stale .	plate	negative
you get a plate for salsa , and the chips are stale .	salsa	negative
you get a plate for salsa , and the chips are stale .	chips	negative
seating comfortable .	seating	positive
bread was excellent , turkey fresh , lettuce fine cut .	bread	positive
bread was excellent , turkey fresh , lettuce fine cut .	turkey	positive
it 's denny 's .	denny 's	positive
the service was also great .	service	positive
rude workers and they were not helpful at all .	workers	negative
do not use this company .	company	negative
solid food , cute atmosphere , good service , entertaining window action .	food	positive
solid food , cute atmosphere , good service , entertaining window action .	atmosphere	positive
solid food , cute atmosphere , good service , entertaining window action .	service	positive
solid food , cute atmosphere , good service , entertaining window action .	window	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
the chef came quickly and our food was all prepared in _num_ mins .	chef	positive
the chef came quickly and our food was all prepared in _num_ mins .	food	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
sesame chicken salad with noodles .	sesame chicken salad with noodles	positive
breakfast or brunch at lon 's is consistently delicious .	breakfast	positive
breakfast or brunch at lon 's is consistently delicious .	brunch	positive
terrible service and an ice cold pizza !	service	negative
terrible service and an ice cold pizza !	ice cold pizza	negative
krystal was our server and she was absolutely delightful .	server	positive
my bro got a chicken enchilada and a machaca taco .	chicken enchilada	positive
my bro got a chicken enchilada and a machaca taco .	machaca taco	positive
this place is brand new , clean , and reasonably priced .	place	positive
this place is brand new , clean , and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
i recommend anyone and everyone who needs a good dentist !	dentist	positive
avoid this place !	place	negative
they know how to satisfy their customers and offer quality equipment !	equipment	positive
great get away or great place for a work meeting .	work	positive
the outdoor patio is great !	outdoor patio	positive
i could have brought in fresher ginger .	ginger	positive
simply put , this place has the best breakfast in scottsdale .	breakfast	positive
especially when my receipt reads `` _num_ boneless honey bbq . ''	honey bbq	negative
now i can bring the look of the store to my own home .	store	positive
this is our favorite pizza restaurant in scottsdale .	pizza	positive
the total for _num_ entrees and a few beers was $ _num_ .	beers	positive
they said there food was ok , but nothing spectacular .	food	negative
i love everything about this place .	place	positive
it was n't even the same recipes .	recipes	negative
honest people , great prices .	prices	positive
they are ok for cleaning the outside , but they rushed the interior detail .	interior detail	negative
great bar !	bar	positive
the staff was friendly and quick service .	staff	positive
the staff was friendly and quick service .	service	positive
delightful service , atmosphere and food .	service	positive
delightful service , atmosphere and food .	atmosphere	positive
delightful service , atmosphere and food .	food	positive
steak cooked to perfection .	steak	positive
worthless sushi .	sushi	negative
no plates or napkins ; had to ask twice for them .	plates	negative
no plates or napkins ; had to ask twice for them .	napkins	negative
terrible service .	service	negative
definitely would recommend this place .	place	positive
i love this dentist and his office staff .	dentist	positive
i love this dentist and his office staff .	office staff	positive
without the caesar dressing it 's just a salad .	caesar dressing	negative
without the caesar dressing it 's just a salad .	salad	negative
worst place ever to get your nails done in scottsdale .	nails	negative
i had to wipe dust off the table before i put my bag down .	table	negative
i had to wipe dust off the table before i put my bag down .	bag	negative
no water refills , much less drink refills .	water refills	negative
no water refills , much less drink refills .	drink refills	negative
i would highly recommend the signature salad !	signature salad	positive
ricardo , thank you for taking care of our every dining need !	dining	positive
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	staff	positive
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	jobs	positive
best steak i have ever eaten is at ruth 's chris steakhouse .	steak	positive
great service .	service	positive
this restaurant was wonderful !	restaurant	positive
great place to watch and game and have yummy food !	food	positive
in this , breakfast club fails .	breakfast club	negative
the sandwiches were good also .	sandwiches	positive
not too mention the service is good , friendly n quick .	service	positive
the landscape is tired and needs help .	landscape	negative
she told me i am not allowed back to her store .	store	negative
the ingredients that grace the crust are phenomenal .	ingredients	positive
the ingredients that grace the crust are phenomenal .	crust	positive
great customer service , and most of all , the food is amazing .	customer service	positive
great customer service , and most of all , the food is amazing .	food	positive
the selection is fantastic and they are always getting more fabrics in !	selection	positive
the selection is fantastic and they are always getting more fabrics in !	fabrics	positive
will be back for the food and drinks though !	food	positive
will be back for the food and drinks though !	drinks	positive
this place looks great after their remodel .	place	positive
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !	roaring fork	positive
love their food and their passion .	food	positive
treatments i received were met with marginal benefit .	treatments	negative
scottsdale smile center has customer service down to an art .	customer service	positive
now , they got rid of the veggie dumplings and have slow waiters .	veggie dumplings	negative
now , they got rid of the veggie dumplings and have slow waiters .	waiters	negative
and such inventory !	inventory	positive
the food , frankly sucks .	food	negative
easily one of the best beer bars i 've ever been to .	beer bars	positive
the decor is very good.	decor	positive
we also ordered the jalapeo shrimp and we both really enjoyed it !	jalapeo shrimp	positive
i find this place very unique and fun !	place	positive
but we never had a waiter come by to take an order .	waiter	positive
the atmosphere is always welcoming and the service is always superb .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is always welcoming and the service is always superb .	service	positive
all of the chicken was pink with areas of red and blood in them .	chicken	negative
you can tell the staff are treated well because they treat their customers right .	staff	positive
you can tell the staff are treated well because they treat their customers right .	customers	positive
bad customer service .	customer service	negative
i want nothing to do with a place like this .	place	negative
i will definately be going back and would highly recommend this place to all .	place	positive
very nice place .	place	positive
the service was excellent , the menu was very unique .	service	positive
the service was excellent , the menu was very unique .	menu	positive
very friendly and help you with your design .	design	positive
this store was great .	store	positive
they have great live music and a great wine list .	live music	positive
they have great live music and a great wine list .	wine list	positive
now i can say there is an amazing middle-eastern place in scottsdale .	place	positive
this is a great place to take out of town visitors too .	place	positive
their staff was very friendly and attentive !	staff	positive
happy to go back and use their services .	services	positive
the service was inattentive and lacking .	service	negative
polite , attentive , on time and great prices !	prices	positive
the waitress never showed up and ignored our complaints about the fish .	waitress	negative
the waitress never showed up and ignored our complaints about the fish .	fish	negative
excellent variety , higher end quality and consistency with everything we 've tried here !	variety	positive
excellent variety , higher end quality and consistency with everything we 've tried here !	end quality	positive
i do have to compliment their scallops .	scallops	positive
no shit , it 's lasagna .	lasagna	positive
we arrive on time - no tables were available .	tables	negative
i ordered the lobster and steamed clams , and the clams were very good .	lobster	positive
i ordered the lobster and steamed clams , and the clams were very good .	steamed clams	positive
: ( too greasy and no good taste !	taste	negative
best for take-out over dine-in and a great place to pick up party snacks .	take-out over dine-in	positive
best for take-out over dine-in and a great place to pick up party snacks .	party snacks	positive
and when u would walk back in the apt it would smell like sewage .	sewage	negative
loved the beans with sliced sausage , and the swordfish was meaty and fresh .	beans with sliced sausage	positive
loved the beans with sliced sausage , and the swordfish was meaty and fresh .	swordfish	positive
the set up was very awkward , no ambience .	set up	negative
the set up was very awkward , no ambience .	ambience	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
this place is great , i eat there all the time .	place	positive
dont like your job , dont work there !	job	negative
i know that other people have raved about their $ _num_ beer happy hours .	$	negative
i know that other people have raved about their $ _num_ beer happy hours .	beer	negative
ca n't wait to see what else will happen .	ca	positive
urgent care says `` no .	care	negative
i bought a groupon for a mani-pedi here .	groupon	positive
i bought a groupon for a mani-pedi here .	mani-pedi	positive
the groomers and especially the owner are top notch and consistently so .	groomers	positive
the groomers and especially the owner are top notch and consistently so .	owner	positive
this place is a must go !	place	positive
breakfast as good as it gets .	breakfast	positive
the patio is huge and lovely .	patio	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
very good quality !	quality	positive
nice selection of ice tea .	selection of ice tea	positive
people are very friendly .	people	positive
all time favorite restaurant .	restaurant	positive
very high quality food in a good atmosphere .	food	positive
very high quality food in a good atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
first , despite the other reviews i thought the staff was excellent !	staff	positive
great service , great food .	service	positive
great service , great food .	food	positive
i recommend this place more than anything else i 've ever recommended .	place	positive
the rice is always fresh tasting and stores so well , its unbelievable .	rice	positive
great selection of wines and some imported beers .	selection of wines	positive
thoroughly enjoyed our stay !	stay	positive
good customer service as well.	customer service	positive
then i opted for the penne with chicken and mushrooms in a pink sauce .	penne with chicken and mushrooms in	positive
i 've had better japanese bakery items elsewhere .	japanese bakery items	positive
when it 's _num_ out , you 'd rather have a completely enclosed hotel .	hotel	negative
this room really felt like a super _num_ suite .	room	positive
i have tried the apple fritters and they are not good .	apple fritters	negative
just follow her advice and you will love your hair .	hair	positive
i was very impressed with their pharmacy .	pharmacy	positive
fun local bar that features live country western bands and dancing .	local bar	positive
fun local bar that features live country western bands and dancing .	live country western bands	positive
love this place .	place	positive
we recommend the blt salad and big ass burger .	blt salad	positive
we recommend the blt salad and big ass burger .	big ass burger	positive
prices are reasonable and the staff is awesome !	prices	positive
prices are reasonable and the staff is awesome !	staff	positive
great selection of beers and spirits .	selection of beers	positive
upon checkout they told me i had a zero balance .	balance	negative
the staff was friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
hope that other bartender finds her happy place .	bartender	positive
great service and wonderful food .	service	positive
great service and wonderful food .	food	positive
we finished off the perfect meal with good conversation and a creme brulee .	meal	positive
we finished off the perfect meal with good conversation and a creme brulee .	creme brulee	positive
seriously the best place around .	place	positive
no napkins ?	napkins	negative
great steak and sides , big fan .	steak	positive
great steak and sides , big fan .	sides	positive
great steak and sides , big fan .	fan	positive
over _num_ hours to get food delivered to table .	food	negative
over _num_ hours to get food delivered to table .	table	negative
so delicious , two thumbs up to the good egg !	egg	positive
this is a family restaurant .	family restaurant	positive
this place is spotless and well organized .	place	negative
_num_ times up to the service window for butter and once for more rolls .	service window	positive
_num_ times up to the service window for butter and once for more rolls .	butter	negative
_num_ times up to the service window for butter and once for more rolls .	rolls	negative
you only ever see a pa never the doctor .	pa	positive
love santisi brothers !	santisi	positive
the food i was served was nasty .	food	negative
love this place !	place	positive
they offer one of the best happy hours around .	happy hours	positive
i would recommend it to anyone wanting latin food .	latin food	positive
the huge hot tub is a delight in the winter .	hot tub	positive
i got a good battery with a good warranty .	battery	positive
all the dishes were with curry stains from lunch .	dishes	negative
all the dishes were with curry stains from lunch .	curry stains	negative
all the dishes were with curry stains from lunch .	lunch	negative
great customer service .	customer service	positive
i think thats about it for me and king gyro .	king gyro	positive
thanks sean and mark .	sean	positive
such a cute date night spot .	date	positive
such a cute date night spot .	spot	positive
my fiance and i love this place .	place	positive
this store is terrible !	store	negative
we all were seated promptly and had amazing service from our server .	service	positive
we all were seated promptly and had amazing service from our server .	server	positive
in his words `` good games , good food and good prizes . ''	games	positive
in his words `` good games , good food and good prizes . ''	food	positive
in his words `` good games , good food and good prizes . ''	prizes	positive
my favorite is the chicken kebab , it 's juicy and delicious .	chicken kebab	positive
outstanding in both sales and service .	sales	positive
outstanding in both sales and service .	service	positive
the chairs are comfortable and the wine pours are very generous .	chairs	positive
the chairs are comfortable and the wine pours are very generous .	wine pours	positive
if you sit at a table , you will be ignored .	table	negative
nice place , friendly staff .	place	positive
nice place , friendly staff .	staff	positive
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .	staff	positive
the service is one of the worst i 've encountered .	service	negative
i 'm from the east coast and i always have trouble finding decent chinese .	chinese	negative
i ran into this place on accident , and it was a great surprise !	place	positive
the place is always nice and clean .	place	positive
comfortable , tasty dishes .	dishes	positive
prices are good .	prices	positive
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	service	negative
i loved the old decor .	decor	positive
great service and quality .	service	positive
great service and quality .	quality	positive
great german beer and food .	german beer	positive
when we arrived they said that my room was not ready .	room	negative
the people at this location however are unlike anywhere else , i love them !	people	positive
the people at this location however are unlike anywhere else , i love them !	location	positive
the relish restaurant is a very tasty on site burger joint .	relish restaurant	positive
the relish restaurant is a very tasty on site burger joint .	burger joint	positive
best donuts i 've ever tasted .	donuts	positive
i will always use these guys !	guys	positive
pizza , pasta and salad ... boo .	pizza	positive
pizza , pasta and salad ... boo .	pasta	positive
great authentic home style cooking .	home style cooking	positive
dave knows his beer and has some nice high % beers to choose from !	beer	positive
dave knows his beer and has some nice high % beers to choose from !	beers	positive
the staff was warm and friendly .	staff	positive
the corn bread is amazing .	corn bread	positive
also well stocked groceries & products !	groceries	positive
also well stocked groceries & products !	products	positive
this place is absolutely horrible .	place	negative
my dog was perfect when he was all done there .	dog	positive
i do n't know what happened but this is n't a nail salon .	nail	negative
is n't that what rent is for ?	rent	positive
at pick up , the price had increased _num_ % .	price	negative
my poor dog was in so much pain .	dog	negative
open seating is a nice perk but the best thing is their wine club .	open seating	positive
open seating is a nice perk but the best thing is their wine club .	perk	positive
open seating is a nice perk but the best thing is their wine club .	wine club	positive
come for lunch , eat some chips and salsa , and enjoy !	lunch	positive
come for lunch , eat some chips and salsa , and enjoy !	chips and salsa	positive
the white pizza , with tomatoes and basil was very good .	white pizza , with tomatoes and basil	positive
this is a great spot to relax on the patio .	spot	positive
this is a great spot to relax on the patio .	patio	positive
great atmosphere and the pizza was pretty authentic too .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and the pizza was pretty authentic too .	pizza	positive
the staff was pleasant and a lot of fun !	staff	positive
i 'm glad that great customer service can still be experienced at a nordstrom .	customer service	positive
their sandwiches are pretty darn good also !	sandwiches	positive
great place for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
we also enjoyed several wines from their wednesday wine menu .	wines	positive
we also enjoyed several wines from their wednesday wine menu .	wednesday wine menu	positive
all the employees were very helpful and i had an amazing experience .	employees	positive
it is always good with a very homemade feel .	feel	positive
later they call and cancel the reservation , no apology , nothing .	reservation	negative
and the apartments are n't even that nice .	apartments	negative
horribly outdated , shabby , can hear neighbors , loud wall unit a/c .	wall unit	negative
the wait can be long for weekend brunch .	wait	negative
very tasty quick stop .	stop	positive
fair price .	price	positive
the customer service sucks .	customer service	negative
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .	variety of sushi rolls	positive
great pizza .	pizza	positive
best mahi mahi i 've ever eaten .	mahi mahi	positive
knock _num_ times ?	knock	negative
prices on their menu is fair and its a clean environment .	prices	positive
prices on their menu is fair and its a clean environment .	menu	positive
prices on their menu is fair and its a clean environment .	environment	positive
my problem with this place is the bartenders .	place	negative
my problem with this place is the bartenders .	bartenders	negative
the biltmore does n't even charge these prices .	biltmore	positive
the biltmore does n't even charge these prices .	prices	negative
always a great haircut and the scalp and should massage are always welcome !	haircut	positive
always a great haircut and the scalp and should massage are always welcome !	scalp	positive
pretty good neighborhood place .	neighborhood place	positive
i ordered takeout tikka masala and it was horrible .	takeout tikka masala	negative
great guy , amazing dr , amazing staff .	dr	positive
great guy , amazing dr , amazing staff .	staff	positive
seriously , these people are such assholes .	people	negative
two dentists since then have told me the quoted work is unnecessary .	dentists	negative
i think this still has my favorite sushi in the valley .	sushi	positive
good local run family business !	family business	positive
clean place .	place	positive
i thought it was a really nice place and will be going back .	place	positive
this is my new steakhouse for sure !	steakhouse	positive
great restaurant with good food and a nice variety .	food	positive
great restaurant with good food and a nice variety .	variety	positive
its very tiny inside , but we managed to get a table .	table	negative
used the bar , got a complimentary drink , completely lacking atmosphere .	bar	positive
used the bar , got a complimentary drink , completely lacking atmosphere .	drink	positive
used the bar , got a complimentary drink , completely lacking atmosphere .	atmosphere	negative
there are plenty of other pizza joints around that are a million times better .	pizza joints	positive
the waitress is no where to be found after she takes your order .	waitress	negative
check this place out because the drinks are strong and the food is excellent !	drinks	positive
check this place out because the drinks are strong and the food is excellent !	food	positive
carlos the bartender was real nice .	bartender	positive
staff is always friendly and most importantly the seafood is always fresh !	staff	positive
staff is always friendly and most importantly the seafood is always fresh !	seafood	positive
gorgeous location .	location	positive
great food .	food	positive
i will say i have had their steak sandwich before and it was amazing !	steak sandwich	positive
why would any body do business with this company .	company	negative
great taco for the price .	price	positive
seriously she the worst so far in mesa in phoenix period !	mesa	negative
thank you for such a grand business !	business	positive
good roast beef .	roast beef	positive
the house salsa is homemade and very good as well .	house salsa	positive
he just rubbed the lotion on .	lotion	negative
do n't be fooled by this `` gourmet '' shit either .	gourmet	negative
i have only had the pizza which i thought was amazing !	pizza	positive
this place is very reasonably priced and in a convenient location next to albertsons .	priced	positive
service was great .	service	positive
people watching here is the best .	people	positive
avoid this foul , horrible place !	place	negative
i recommend the veal tortellini .	veal tortellini	positive
terrific spot - recommend reservations if you can .	spot	positive
terrific spot - recommend reservations if you can .	reservations	positive
the guy in the print center is nearly useless and his tone is rude .	guy	negative
the guy in the print center is nearly useless and his tone is rude .	print center	negative
the guy in the print center is nearly useless and his tone is rude .	tone	negative
very long waits to try on clothing and pay .	clothing	negative
good value .	value	positive
the hotel front desk host were very sweet and they are all pretty .	hotel front desk host	positive
she treats you great , does wonderful nails and makes you feel very welcome .	nails	positive
always amazing , service , food , setting .	service	positive
always amazing , service , food , setting .	food	positive
always amazing , service , food , setting .	setting	positive
the art is also affordable enough that regular people are able to buy it .	art	positive
very disappointed in the facilities .	facilities	negative
it was a huge portion and fresh fish .	fish	positive
has decent coffee .	coffee	positive
i love , love , love the furniture here .	furniture	positive
incredible food , and impeccable service .	food	positive
incredible food , and impeccable service .	service	positive
the pizza is pretty darn tasty too !	pizza	positive
their supplies are fresh , and good quality .	supplies	positive
their supplies are fresh , and good quality .	quality	positive
so we scheduled dec _num_ for the installation .	installation	negative
my halibut was under cooked and fishy tasting .	halibut	negative
way overpriced for food that is mediocre .	food	negative
fresh ingredients and cooked and prepared perfect .	ingredients	positive
employees are so nice and always willing to help .	employees	positive
big church , very welcoming .	church	positive
blah food .	food	negative
steak perfect ... prawns amazing .	steak	positive
steak perfect ... prawns amazing .	prawns	positive
the food was very good .	food	positive
desserts are straight-forward and well executed .	desserts	positive
pita house has the best lunch deal in scottsdale !	lunch deal	positive
great happy hour and the food is always amazing .	food	positive
i quickly ran to the walmart to buy some towels .	towels	positive
it looked like some kind of hollandaise sauce .	hollandaise sauce	negative
horrible customer service !	customer service	negative
the food is always great and came in a good amount of time .	food	positive
one of my favorite breakfast places .	breakfast places	positive
glad i stumbled across this place and will definitely be back for more !	place	positive
that 's how beautiful the building and surrounding area is .	building	positive
that 's how beautiful the building and surrounding area is .	area	positive
the service here is awful !	service	negative
an amazing production that was just $ _num_ a ticket .	production	positive
an amazing production that was just $ _num_ a ticket .	ticket	positive
i also had some burn marks on my shirts .	shirts	negative
my kiddo loves to help and loves to push her own cart .	cart	positive
one of my fav restaurants in town !	fav restaurants	positive
the food is better than most mediocre mexican restaurants but not worth the hassle .	food	positive
brow bar is fabulous also !	brow bar	positive
the dessert was the best part for me .	dessert	positive
the grounds and restaurant are very nice with an authentic desert feel .	grounds	positive
the grounds and restaurant are very nice with an authentic desert feel .	restaurant	positive
the grounds and restaurant are very nice with an authentic desert feel .	desert feel	positive
pasta is awesome , especially mama 's lasagna !	pasta	positive
pasta is awesome , especially mama 's lasagna !	lasagna	positive
everyone is so friendly and attentive .	everyone	positive
the environment is amazing as well as the customer service and the provided services .	environment	positive
the environment is amazing as well as the customer service and the provided services .	customer service	positive
the environment is amazing as well as the customer service and the provided services .	provided services	positive
the rice was cold and crunchy and the beans were extremely salty .	rice	negative
the rice was cold and crunchy and the beans were extremely salty .	beans	negative
i love the decor of this place .	decor	positive
i love the decor of this place .	place	positive
poor customer service and very unprofessional staff !	customer service	negative
poor customer service and very unprofessional staff !	staff	negative
the ceviche had a very sour taste and was loaded with red peppers .	ceviche	negative
the ceviche had a very sour taste and was loaded with red peppers .	red peppers	negative
always a great selection of seasonal fruit & veggies .	selection	positive
always a great selection of seasonal fruit & veggies .	seasonal fruit & veggies	positive
another man was also waiting , at the hot chicken dinners to go area .	hot chicken dinners	negative
another man was also waiting , at the hot chicken dinners to go area .	area	negative
he stated the patio was full and it would be a thirty minute wait .	patio	positive
he stated the patio was full and it would be a thirty minute wait .	wait	negative
this place is great !	place	positive
so i asked why i would be getting the free chocolate .	chocolate	positive
my favorite sushi place ever !	sushi place	positive
i should have just got my norm bowl of cereal .	norm bowl of cereal	negative
the best sashimi in the valley !	sashimi	positive
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	food	negative
i love their tofu and veggies .	tofu	positive
i love their tofu and veggies .	veggies	positive
every time i go there , the service has been great .	service	positive
consistently good food and good service !	food	positive
consistently good food and good service !	service	positive
good food at good prices .	food	positive
good food at good prices .	prices	positive
hardly romantic when you sitting sweating in a dark room in an uncomfortable chair .	room	negative
hardly romantic when you sitting sweating in a dark room in an uncomfortable chair .	chair	negative
they have outside dining and dancing with live music on saturdays also .	dining	positive
they have outside dining and dancing with live music on saturdays also .	live music	positive
the salsa was outstanding .	salsa	positive
the staff were all very friendly and genuinely nice .	staff	positive
very caring and friendly staff .	staff	positive
very quaint with a local feel .	feel	positive
truly loved the rooms , landscaping , food and amenities .	rooms	positive
truly loved the rooms , landscaping , food and amenities .	landscaping	positive
truly loved the rooms , landscaping , food and amenities .	food	positive
truly loved the rooms , landscaping , food and amenities .	amenities	positive
this place is amazing .	place	positive
as a result , i would not recommend this apartment to anyone .	apartment	negative
the crust is perfect .	crust	positive
probably from a bottle or can , was not fresh brewed .	bottle	negative
probably from a bottle or can , was not fresh brewed .	can	negative
great place for a quick , cheap drink , and great staff .	drink	positive
great place for a quick , cheap drink , and great staff .	staff	positive
the food is upscale american classics , like green chile mac & cheese .	food	positive
the food is upscale american classics , like green chile mac & cheese .	green chile mac & cheese	positive
they look miserable behind the counter instead of happy to accomodate their customers .	counter	negative
they look miserable behind the counter instead of happy to accomodate their customers .	customers	negative
great location , casual setting , good food , what 's not to love ?	location	positive
great location , casual setting , good food , what 's not to love ?	setting	positive
great location , casual setting , good food , what 's not to love ?	food	positive
everything just lacked flavor .	flavor	negative
staff is pretty good ( despite some language barrier ) .	staff	positive
pizza by the slice !	pizza	positive
pizza by the slice !	slice	positive
great haircut at a great price and friendly service !	haircut	positive
great haircut at a great price and friendly service !	price	positive
great haircut at a great price and friendly service !	service	positive
the wine list was well crafted , thoughtful and fairly priced .	wine list	positive
the wine list was well crafted , thoughtful and fairly priced .	priced	positive
both doctors are wonderful .	doctors	positive
same freshness as the salsa in the restaurant .	salsa	positive
this is the place !	place	positive
its well worth the drive if you do n't live close by .	drive	positive
both the pizza and the sandwiches are simply excellent .	pizza	positive
both the pizza and the sandwiches are simply excellent .	sandwiches	positive
went here for a friends wedding and let me tell you.	wedding	positive
best spring training stadium in az !	spring	positive
yummy charming spot .	spot	positive
thank you for the good service !	service	positive
very diverse asian menu !	asian menu	positive
every station is full and the energy is high .	station	positive
every station is full and the energy is high .	energy	positive
the captain was great .	captain	positive
the owner is easy to get a hold of when i had an issue .	owner	positive
our server was amazing .	server	positive
they serve south western style cuisine and do a great job with it .	south	positive
i trust them with my clothes , and encourage you to do the same !	clothes	positive
so i tried again to just get one donut at around 10am .	donut	negative
we got our drinks and food quickly !	drinks	positive
we got our drinks and food quickly !	food	positive
finally a decent place to order take-out from !	place	positive
finally a decent place to order take-out from !	take-out	positive
love the daily soup special .	daily soup special	positive
i always order their combo meals and my husband loves the green chili .	combo meals	positive
i always order their combo meals and my husband loves the green chili .	green chili	positive
went to redeem a birthday coupon .	birthday coupon	positive
blooming onion was a grease pit .	blooming onion	negative
it 's a very relaxing spot .	spot	positive
put sweet cakes on your to do list !	sweet cakes	positive
great place for when you want to enjoy desert views and outdoor seating .	desert views	positive
great place for when you want to enjoy desert views and outdoor seating .	outdoor seating	positive
staff is super friendly too .	staff	positive
the salsas used to be so much better and more flavorful .	salsas	positive
what a great group of employees !	employees	positive
that 's probably how the holes became so .	holes	positive
sushi chefs also very friendly .	sushi chefs	positive
also , their rice is almost always too dry .	rice	negative
long story short ... still love santisi brothers and will return often .	santisi	positive
then we got a large pepperoni pizza and added meatballs .	pepperoni pizza	positive
then we got a large pepperoni pizza and added meatballs .	meatballs	positive
fresh , organic country potatoes and pancakes made just how i wanted them .	country potatoes	positive
fresh , organic country potatoes and pancakes made just how i wanted them .	pancakes	positive
the room was spotless , with new modern furniture and full of amenities .	room	negative
the room was spotless , with new modern furniture and full of amenities .	furniture	positive
the portions are huge and the food is always tasty and fresh .	portions	positive
the portions are huge and the food is always tasty and fresh .	food	positive
i enjoy this place for the lunch buffet .	lunch buffet	positive
i think this is an absolutely premier course .	course	positive
his hand rolls and specials are some of the best in town .	hand rolls	positive
this is a favorite shopping stop .	shopping stop	positive
we got the greek salad to start which was fresh and delicious .	greek salad	positive
i have been taking my for dogs here for several years .	for dogs	positive
you 're wasting a lot time and money if you come here period !	money	negative
i 've eaten here before and ate the buffet .	buffet	positive
great pizza and wings .	pizza	positive
great pizza and wings .	wings	positive
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .	bowl	positive
the drink my wife ordered was watered down .	drink	negative
great pasta bar on sunday 's .	pasta bar	positive
i moved in to sun king in july of this year .	sun king	positive
the food was pretty good , service was reasonable .	food	positive
the food was pretty good , service was reasonable .	service	positive
great job angel !	angel	positive
pretty cool place .	place	positive
chicken or lamb does n't matter , they are both very good .	chicken	positive
chicken or lamb does n't matter , they are both very good .	lamb	positive
terrible prices !	prices	negative
neat setting in a very high end residential area .	setting	positive
t-bone steak & eggs dinner is the hidden gem on the menu !	steak & eggs dinner	positive
t-bone steak & eggs dinner is the hidden gem on the menu !	menu	positive
funny thing too ; their spaghetti and meatballs are fantastic !	spaghetti	positive
funny thing too ; their spaghetti and meatballs are fantastic !	meatballs	positive
such a great find for authentic mexican marinated meats , baked goods and produce !	mexican marinated meats	positive
such a great find for authentic mexican marinated meats , baked goods and produce !	baked goods	positive
such a great find for authentic mexican marinated meats , baked goods and produce !	produce	positive
high quality food , wonderful atmosphere .	food	positive
high quality food , wonderful atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
this is clearly a place to see great musicians and artists .	musicians	positive
this is clearly a place to see great musicians and artists .	artists	positive
the service is attentive .	service	positive
oh and she gives a fantastic scalp massage too !	scalp massage	positive
love this place .	place	positive
the employees are all very friendly , and their is nothing like leaving happy .	employees	positive
my favorite chinese spot .	chinese spot	positive
place is small , machines are even smaller , and prices are outrageous .	place	negative
place is small , machines are even smaller , and prices are outrageous .	machines	negative
place is small , machines are even smaller , and prices are outrageous .	prices	negative
love new tokyo !	tokyo	positive
the staff is very friendly and helpful as well .	staff	positive
pleasant surprise , ambience is a little like eating at home .	ambience	negative
best mexican food ever , and the owner and employees are so gracious !	mexican food	positive
best mexican food ever , and the owner and employees are so gracious !	owner	positive
best mexican food ever , and the owner and employees are so gracious !	employees	positive
this is where you go to learn how sushi can go wrong .	sushi	positive
they make a fine pie .	pie	positive
the place is awesome .	place	positive
when the room is full the sound level gets pretty high .	room	positive
when the room is full the sound level gets pretty high .	sound level	negative
great design , amazing view !	design	positive
great design , amazing view !	view	positive
the sandwiches tasted bland and cold cuts were dry .	sandwiches	negative
the sandwiches tasted bland and cold cuts were dry .	cuts	negative
organic food that 's good for you for affordable prices ?	organic food	positive
organic food that 's good for you for affordable prices ?	prices	positive
the menu and the chef is _num_ star phenomenal !	menu	positive
the menu and the chef is _num_ star phenomenal !	chef	positive
i think the potatoes may have been boiled a few days before .	potatoes	negative
i think the potatoes may have been boiled a few days before .	boiled	negative
the dining room was pretty cozy and had nice atmosphere .	dining room	positive
the dining room was pretty cozy and had nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
however , this food was sub par .	food	negative
all _num_ of us thoroughly enjoyed all of the dishes .	dishes	positive
this place is really fun .	place	positive
ps , god save you if you try to play music at the pool .	music	positive
ps , god save you if you try to play music at the pool .	pool	positive
my sisters who live here introduced us to this lovely restaurant .	restaurant	positive
food was served to us cold and was not very good .	food	negative
food was served to us cold and was not very good .	served	negative
staff is very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
nope - worth the drive to mesa .	drive	negative
nope - worth the drive to mesa .	mesa	negative
i enjoy the small hometown feel of the restaurant .	feel	positive
love barro 's pizza !	barro 's pizza	positive
love the store .	store	positive
the fries were so stale and cold that my appetite was lost completely .	fries	negative
the was the worst maintained course i 've played on , maybe ever .	maintained course	negative
there were twelve in our group and ten of the twelve meals were unacceptable .	meals	negative
maybe we just did n't luck out , but our tour guide was horrible .	tour guide	negative
also ... the normal price for a pedicure is $ _num_ .	price	positive
just walked in their showroom and left after a few minutes .	showroom	negative
they keep changing management cause they are horrible .	management	negative
this will definitely be my go-to place for all bicycle matters going forward .	bicycle	positive
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	staff	positive
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	food	positive
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	prices	positive
really a shame because this venue could be amazing .	venue	positive
friendly staff , good drinks and a good location .	staff	positive
friendly staff , good drinks and a good location .	drinks	positive
friendly staff , good drinks and a good location .	location	positive
thank you for purchasing the groupon for made in the shade !	groupon	positive
good food .	food	positive
elmer , i love you .	elmer	positive
good atmosphere tv 's everywhere for sports .	atmosphere tv	positive
want a great little caf !	caf	positive
even my parents , who had n't had persian food before , enjoyed it .	persian food	positive
i 'm happy to pay $ _num_ if the atmosphere stays nice !	atmosphere	positive
love the jazz with the wine ... .	jazz with the wine	positive
i am so impressed with the quality of the breads !	quality of the breads	positive
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !	chicken chimi	positive
this place is delicious .	place	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
service was terrible .	service	negative
service was so great !	service	positive
the espresso is excellent .	espresso	positive
sat at the bar last time we went and the service was spot on .	bar	negative
sat at the bar last time we went and the service was spot on .	service	positive
i love grandma 's kitchen !	kitchen	positive
the tuxedo walleye was great .	tuxedo walleye	positive
this must 've been a not so good night in the kitchen .	kitchen	negative
i love this store and wish i found it soon .	store	positive
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	calzones	positive
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	lunch special	positive
great wine list and great place to take someone special .	wine list	positive
great wine list and great place to take someone special .	place	positive
the machaca burrito was super good .	machaca burrito	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
the naan was bland , and a little soggy .	naan	negative
the guy came and talked for about _num_ hours .	guy	positive
unhappy customer .	customer	negative
this restaurant holds special meaning to my husband and i .	restaurant	positive
but not the horrible treatment .	treatment	negative
the sandwiches are also very good .	sandwiches	positive
left to have dinner elsewhere .	dinner	negative
i am not a fan of cold , soggy french fries .	french fries	negative
yes , he ate it and the empty bowl it was so good .	bowl	positive
honest service fair prices .	service	positive
honest service fair prices .	prices	positive
great food and great beer !	food	positive
great food and great beer !	beer	positive
the food was inventive and very , very tasty .	food	positive
craig was our server and was the absolute best !	server	positive
incompetent thieves !	thieves	negative
extremely slow and half ass pedicure .	half ass pedicure	negative
you could n't have put less effort into this dish if you tried .	dish	negative
them only having one server for dinner on a weekend ... strike one !	server	negative
them only having one server for dinner on a weekend ... strike one !	dinner	negative
recommend to sit at sushi bar and watch his skill !	sushi bar	positive
the service was professional and attentive and the atmosphere calm and welcoming .	service	positive
the service was professional and attentive and the atmosphere calm and welcoming .	atmosphere	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the marquee just plain stinks .	marquee	negative
the nail service i received was very good .	nail service	positive
the woman doing my nails ( loan ) was very nice and professional .	woman	positive
the woman doing my nails ( loan ) was very nice and professional .	nails	positive
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	service	positive
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	hostess	positive
a cool , laid back feel .	feel	positive
this family owned business takes great care with providing a quality product .	quality product	positive
i would highly recommend the antique wedding house for your wedding !	antique wedding house	positive
and it was the best menudo i have ever had .	menudo	positive
they are serving up extremely mediocre mexican food .	mexican food	negative
man just so disappointing .	man	negative
i had the pad thai with shrimp and chicken and it was delicious !	pad thai with shrimp and chicken	positive
this place has the real deal and they are very inexpensive .	place	positive
great persian food .	persian food	positive
terrible experience with the staff .	staff	negative
and apparently you do n't get marinara sauce with your bread sticks .	marinara sauce	negative
and apparently you do n't get marinara sauce with your bread sticks .	bread sticks	negative
the service and the food is always spot-on .	service	positive
the service and the food is always spot-on .	food	positive
this was just _num_ of the items on my list .	items	positive
the staff are all very nice and happy to work .	staff	positive
terrible service !	service	negative
the bun was ok , and it came with pickle , onion and lettuce .	bun	negative
the bun was ok , and it came with pickle , onion and lettuce .	pickle	positive
the bun was ok , and it came with pickle , onion and lettuce .	lettuce	negative
pure ripoff .	ripoff	positive
the lady behind the deli counter was really nice !	lady	positive
the lady behind the deli counter was really nice !	deli counter	positive
good food , great staff .	food	positive
good food , great staff .	staff	positive
instead of getting treatment , i walked out .	treatment	negative
great little atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the server was really nice and attentive and got our drinks and food order .	server	positive
the server was really nice and attentive and got our drinks and food order .	drinks	positive
the server was really nice and attentive and got our drinks and food order .	food order	positive
this place does n't even deserve a freakin star at all .	place	negative
highly recommend the good egg for a great breakfast with great service .	egg	positive
highly recommend the good egg for a great breakfast with great service .	breakfast	positive
highly recommend the good egg for a great breakfast with great service .	service	positive
overall , it 's a nice place and good food .	place	positive
overall , it 's a nice place and good food .	food	positive
hands down service is great .	service	positive
bacon is really good .	bacon	positive
excellent drive thru dude !	drive	positive
i will not bring my dog back and advise everyone else not to .	dog	negative
ordered spicy tuna roll and the thing came out ice cold .	spicy tuna roll	negative
enterprise has definitely gone downhill !	enterprise	negative
totally willing to recommend mark kia to my friends and family .	mark	positive
and the people that work here are just great as well .	people	positive
so my first visit to this place was back in _num_ .	place	positive
cameron was very attentive .	cameron	positive
they do it right all the way down to the lemonade .	lemonade	positive
the patrons and bartenders were super friendly and made us east coasters feel welcome .	patrons	positive
the patrons and bartenders were super friendly and made us east coasters feel welcome .	bartenders	positive
service was friendly and the restaraunt was very clean .	service	positive
i love this restaurant !	restaurant	positive
the food here is delicious !	food	positive
all the pizzas sound good and i want to try each one .	pizzas	positive
caesar salad was also really good - not drenched in dressing .	caesar salad	positive
caesar salad was also really good - not drenched in dressing .	dressing	positive
we enjoyed the friendly service .	service	positive
a fun hole in the wall bar .	bar	positive
till then , spend your thirsty dollars elsewhere .	thirsty	negative
at _num_ am , the place had no other customers .	place	negative
i recommend trying the different wine flights ... found many new favorites that way !	wine flights	positive
no way i can recommend this place for sub sandwiches or deserts .	sub sandwiches	negative
no way i can recommend this place for sub sandwiches or deserts .	deserts	negative
our server was very attentive and sweet .	server	positive
great service at a great price .	service	positive
great service at a great price .	price	positive
you ca n't beat the price , and they do deliver .	price	positive
the place was clean and inviting which is super important to me .	place	positive
everyone was nice , received our food pretty quickly .	food	positive
love the vibe of this cute breakfast spot .	vibe	positive
love the vibe of this cute breakfast spot .	breakfast spot	positive
the last three times we have been here the service has been terrible .	service	negative
the furniture there is really cute !	furniture	positive
the only good thing about this place is the people watching .	place	positive
the only good thing about this place is the people watching .	people	positive
the tacos had a really good crunch and flavor .	tacos	positive
the tacos had a really good crunch and flavor .	crunch	positive
the tacos had a really good crunch and flavor .	flavor	positive
atleast i can get a sandwich there much quicker .	sandwich	positive
unfortunately , don had gone to lunch .	lunch	negative
it was so good _num_ people killed a large !	people	positive
if you want quality and personal service this is it !	quality	positive
if you want quality and personal service this is it !	personal service	positive
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	ice cream	positive
my doggies are in good hands .	doggies	positive
the chips and salsa are delicious and they keep them coming .	chips	positive
the chips and salsa are delicious and they keep them coming .	salsa	positive
_num_ hour and _num_ minutes later we finally got a table .	table	positive
ok , so this hostess brings silverware , chips and menus at different times .	silverware	positive
ok , so this hostess brings silverware , chips and menus at different times .	chips	positive
ok , so this hostess brings silverware , chips and menus at different times .	menus	positive
i would not refer this apartment complex to anyone .	apartment complex	negative
last time i visited the staff was horrible .	staff	negative
`` we sell bags of ice here if you would like some ice '' .	bags of ice	positive
love this place for it 's wine list and great appetizers .	wine list	positive
love this place for it 's wine list and great appetizers .	appetizers	positive
blue adobe knows how to make some killer new mexican dishes .	new mexican dishes	positive
the receipt was put on the counter and the associate walked away .	receipt	negative
the receipt was put on the counter and the associate walked away .	associate	negative
thank you bandera , i will be back !	bandera	positive
the food is amazing as well .	food	positive
once our food finally came out , things didnt get any better .	food	negative
knows her stuff !	stuff	positive
the servers have always been pleasant as well .	servers	positive
their side dishes are great as well .	side dishes	positive
the tanning rooms are extremely tiny , and the ceilings and walls are gross .	tanning rooms	negative
the tanning rooms are extremely tiny , and the ceilings and walls are gross .	ceilings	negative
the tanning rooms are extremely tiny , and the ceilings and walls are gross .	walls	negative
old fashioned ice cream parlor and the ice cream is super good .	ice cream parlor	positive
old fashioned ice cream parlor and the ice cream is super good .	ice cream	positive
very good sub .	sub	positive
plus i hate places that do n't offer chips and salsa for free .	places	negative
plus i hate places that do n't offer chips and salsa for free .	chips	negative
plus i hate places that do n't offer chips and salsa for free .	salsa	negative
even the chunks of avocado had brown spots on them .	chunks of avocado	negative
and the service was great .	service	positive
so you just lost your employees money as well .	employees money	negative
awesome little dive bar , great juke box , great service , great atmosphere .	dive bar	positive
awesome little dive bar , great juke box , great service , great atmosphere .	juke box	positive
awesome little dive bar , great juke box , great service , great atmosphere .	service	positive
awesome little dive bar , great juke box , great service , great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the staff is really nice and the food is excellent .	staff	positive
the staff is really nice and the food is excellent .	food	positive
great location .	location	positive
horrible service !	service	negative
any flavor i 've had , i 've loved .	flavor	positive
the food is great but the service is horrible !	food	positive
the food is great but the service is horrible !	service	negative
the staff is friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
both our food and our wine came out very quickly .	food	positive
both our food and our wine came out very quickly .	wine	positive
worst breakfast experience ever .	breakfast	negative
super yummy ice cream !	ice cream	positive
great food and drinks with fillet mignon .	food	positive
great food and drinks with fillet mignon .	drinks with fillet mignon	positive
great food and atmosphere .	food	positive
great food and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the hosted threw mad amounts of attitude to my very pregnant friend .	hosted	negative
i 've found my new pedi home .	pedi	positive
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	place	negative
worse service i have ever been to !	service	negative
the stuffed eggplant was also bland .	stuffed eggplant	negative
someone at the table had a bean tostada it was mostly lettuce .	bean tostada	negative
one of our favorites restaurants .	restaurants	positive
no more cesar salad and now , no more potato skins .	cesar salad	positive
no more cesar salad and now , no more potato skins .	potato skins	positive
do not go to this la fitness , or any other for that matter .	la fitness	negative
great pizza .	pizza	positive
great food and service in a western modern like setting .	food	positive
great food and service in a western modern like setting .	service	positive
the petit filet was perfect .	petit filet	positive
terrible drinks .	drinks	negative
this is a cute little pasta joint .	pasta joint	positive
other than that the food was not great and barely good .	food	negative
i love the ambience .	ambience	positive
this place is a little gem .	place	positive
he did one class ( about _num_ kids ) in _num_ minutes .	class	negative
he did one class ( about _num_ kids ) in _num_ minutes .	kids )	negative
cookies are wonderful too !	cookies	positive
i had a cheesesteak last time i was there and it was great .	cheesesteak	positive
best breakfast you can get in chandler .	breakfast	positive
quesadillas are extremely lacking .	quesadillas	negative
we get there for 5:30 reservation and the place is empty .	reservation	negative
we get there for 5:30 reservation and the place is empty .	place	negative
prices are good .	prices	positive
the pizza here is so good .	pizza	positive
cooked to perfection and the dressing on the greens was perfect !	dressing on the greens	positive
the line moved fast and the ambience was welcoming and calm .	line	positive
the line moved fast and the ambience was welcoming and calm .	ambience	positive
great food and atmosphere and you have to try the cowboy salad .	food	positive
great food and atmosphere and you have to try the cowboy salad .	atmosphere	positive
great food and atmosphere and you have to try the cowboy salad .	cowboy salad	positive
awesome happy hour prices and the bartenders are very good .	prices	positive
awesome happy hour prices and the bartenders are very good .	bartenders	positive
the crowd is always fun and chill .	crowd	positive
service sucks and they are dishonest .	service	negative
the food was ok , but the service was awful .	food	negative
the food was ok , but the service was awful .	service	negative
i actually had better fajitas at baja fresh for half the price .	fajitas	positive
i actually had better fajitas at baja fresh for half the price .	price	negative
this place has the best grilled cheese sandwich i 've ever had .	grilled cheese sandwich	positive
my favorite breakfast place around , and their lunch is good too !	breakfast	positive
my favorite breakfast place around , and their lunch is good too !	lunch	positive
my friends and i were treated so rudely by not _num_ but _num_ bartenders .	bartenders	negative
the food is delicious , the portions huge , the prices reasonable .	food	positive
the food is delicious , the portions huge , the prices reasonable .	portions	positive
the food is delicious , the portions huge , the prices reasonable .	prices	positive
their arrogant california attitude ruined this home to so many people .	california	negative
that 's what you call a great waiter .	waiter	positive
you lost customers .	customers	negative
just had lunch here and it was pretty good .	lunch	positive
yet , our server was below average ... way below .	server	negative
this is like a real mom n pop mexican joint .	mom	positive
ordered a chai tea latte at barista bar which was very good .	chai tea latte	positive
this place rocks , so fresh and delicious totally satisfies !	place	positive
the product is top shelf and the service is always great .	product	positive
the product is top shelf and the service is always great .	service	positive
bring your friends to this show for a great time .	show	positive
quality staff and atmosphere .	staff	positive
quality staff and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great dinner , great prices , great service !	dinner	positive
great dinner , great prices , great service !	prices	positive
great dinner , great prices , great service !	service	positive
grazie is a special place to me .	place	positive
the card clearly said free gel pedicure , which is a $ _num_ value .	card	positive
the card clearly said free gel pedicure , which is a $ _num_ value .	gel pedicure	positive
always great service with super friendly staff .	service	positive
always great service with super friendly staff .	staff	positive
absolutely love this place .	place	positive
returned for a graduation party and they 're still awful .	graduation party	negative
this place is so wonderful .	place	positive
they were dressed nice , and we had been out to the pool .	pool	positive
even if we ordered starters first everything is served at the same time .	served	negative
excellent touch .	touch	positive
first shop i checked out after moving to the phoenix area .	shop	positive
go to free car show at indian bend any saturday .	car	positive
the staff is very friendly and really helpful if you need some recommendations .	staff	positive
as an added bonus , the prices are extremely reasonable .	prices	positive
`` why not complain to management '' you say ?	management	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
vito 's is great .	vito	positive
quality is so much more than the chain italian restaurants .	quality	positive
but the steak ... .	steak	positive
service has always been efficient and friendly and the atmosphere is nice .	service	positive
service has always been efficient and friendly and the atmosphere is nice .	atmosphere	positive
a couple of buddies and i were craving some sushi .	sushi	negative
this place is very clean and appointments are quick and easy .	place	positive
this place is very clean and appointments are quick and easy .	appointments	positive
friendly and accommodating serving staff !	serving staff	positive
the only thing edible was their cut oranges .	cut oranges	positive
authentic italian food and imported wines .	italian food	positive
authentic italian food and imported wines .	wines	positive
their ham & cheese croissant is so damn good !	ham & cheese croissant	positive
this place is about 1/4 mike from my home .	place	positive
they are always busy and their service is very good .	service	positive
that 's kind of the beauty of this place .	place	positive
no bueno !	bueno	negative
love this place .	place	positive
also , thier patio rules !	patio rules	positive
this saved us a ton of money and time .	money	positive
the bread is very tasty and chewy .	bread	positive
great restaurant for the price and amount of food .	price	positive
great restaurant for the price and amount of food .	amount of food	positive
but an hour later , still no delivery of the sauce .	sauce	negative
the live music is fabulous .	live music	positive
every bite was delicious .	bite	positive
great hotel and great staff , but you get charged $ _num_ for internet .	hotel	positive
great hotel and great staff , but you get charged $ _num_ for internet .	staff	positive
great menu .	menu	positive
i especially love how the staff are attentive .	staff	positive
the staff was very courteous and the views spectacular !	staff	positive
last few times i 've come here my pizza has been wrong .	pizza	negative
i went into my room and the disappointment continued .	room	negative
good solid burrito joint food .	burrito joint food	positive
the ladies here are extremely nice !	ladies	positive
great people , fresh brewed ice tea , two types and some basic food .	people	positive
great people , fresh brewed ice tea , two types and some basic food .	ice tea	positive
great people , fresh brewed ice tea , two types and some basic food .	basic food	positive
they have some amazing food .	food	positive
they usually have a live band and great ambiance .	live band	positive
they usually have a live band and great ambiance .	ambiance	positive
this is my favorite qt .	qt	positive
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	price	negative
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	credit card fee	negative
no wine menu .	wine menu	negative
they offer some interesting cocktails - i enjoyed the prickly pear rita myself .	cocktails	positive
they offer some interesting cocktails - i enjoyed the prickly pear rita myself .	prickly pear rita	positive
best lentils i 've ever had .	lentils	positive
the vodka penne was amazing too .	vodka penne	positive
the dry rice was under done and again had the overpowering lemon .	dry rice	negative
the dry rice was under done and again had the overpowering lemon .	lemon	negative
the waiter was friendly and helpful enough .	waiter	positive
but the service sucks .	service	negative
service was horrible , the server was not friendly or attentive .	service	negative
service was horrible , the server was not friendly or attentive .	server	negative
price is right .	price	positive
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	portions	positive
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	food	positive
the cover is $ _num_ .	cover	positive
the staff was very friendly , too .	staff	positive
the shakes hit the spot .	shakes	negative
excellent pizza !	pizza	positive
we played the golf course and it was immaculate .	golf course	positive
i then bit into it only to find it was ham and not sausage .	ham	negative
i then bit into it only to find it was ham and not sausage .	sausage	negative
i recommend getting the bread with it for dipping .	bread	positive
i recommend getting the bread with it for dipping .	dipping	positive
all you have to do is talk with your home room teacher .	home room teacher	positive
do n't let a poor experience in this place ruin your trip .	place	positive
it ; s also a great place for wedding gifts .	wedding gifts	positive
it took a long time to get our salads .	salads	negative
the lack of consistent fees and policies has hurt my experience .	fees	negative
the lack of consistent fees and policies has hurt my experience .	policies	negative
sound still sucked though , as i was told .	sound	negative
great drinks friendly service and a great place to get some homework done !	drinks	positive
great drinks friendly service and a great place to get some homework done !	service	positive
entirely too much competition in this area .	area	negative
definitely a _num_ star restaurant for fine dining .	dining	positive
flavorless and crunchy , yes , crunchy .	flavorless	positive
i feel bad wasting food but this was not what i imagined at all .	food	negative
wonderful food and service in a lovely casual setting .	food	positive
wonderful food and service in a lovely casual setting .	service	positive
wonderful food and service in a lovely casual setting .	setting	positive
the service by all the staff was top notch !	service	positive
the service by all the staff was top notch !	staff	positive
the pools were n't quite right .	pools	negative
went for lunch today with a party of _num_ .	lunch	positive
went for lunch today with a party of _num_ .	party	positive
plate of chicken fajitas was huge and delicious .	plate of chicken fajitas	positive
she was great and she has served us before and always does great .	served	positive
as for massage therapy , pam works wonders !	massage therapy	positive
tried to talk to the dj about it and he ignore me .	dj	negative
it was an absolute dream wedding !	wedding	positive
excellent place !	place	positive
i would n't leave my dog here !	dog	negative
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .	chain sub joints	positive
our kids enjoyed their blueberry bagel .	blueberry bagel	positive
they also have plenty of frames to choose from .	frames	positive
for horrible service .	service	negative
great recommendations and conversation .	recommendations	positive
great recommendations and conversation .	conversation	positive
she 's the best , my hair has never looked healthier !	hair	positive
we love the atmosphere and the sushi .	atmosphere	positive
we love the atmosphere and the sushi .	sushi	positive
becky did my hair and she was awesome !	hair	positive
best sushi i 've ever had !	sushi	positive
love the brooklyn slice day or night .	brooklyn slice	positive
i really missed vegetables and salad .	vegetables	negative
you do n't play irish music .	irish music	negative
the hotel i could not locate one .	hotel	negative
great location for outdoor shooting !	location	positive
great location for outdoor shooting !	outdoor shooting	positive
good service .	service	positive
my girlfriend had mongolian chicken with brown rice and a spring roll .	mongolian chicken with brown rice	positive
my girlfriend had mongolian chicken with brown rice and a spring roll .	spring roll	positive
they catered food for us also and all the guests loved it .	food	positive
i recommend this place .	place	positive
maybe they need some lessons from the staff at capital grill across the street .	staff	negative
went back to the staff and asked for my money back .	staff	negative
went back to the staff and asked for my money back .	money	negative
the store is kept clean and offers local products .	store	positive
the store is kept clean and offers local products .	products	positive
everyone enjoyed their meals .	meals	positive
great drinks .	drinks	positive
their lunch specials are amazing , also .	lunch specials	positive
food was well prepared and hot .	food	positive
half the restaurant was empty .	restaurant	negative
great little place for cold beer after work !	cold beer	positive
this place is adorable and i love coming here on a laid back evening .	place	positive
the pork and chicken lo mein was very greasy and tasteless .	pork	negative
the pork and chicken lo mein was very greasy and tasteless .	chicken lo mein	negative
had the worst restaurant experience , ever , at this establishment .	restaurant	negative
had the worst restaurant experience , ever , at this establishment .	establishment	negative
i recommend the asu devil chicken ... their stir fried veggies are good too .	asu devil chicken	positive
i recommend the asu devil chicken ... their stir fried veggies are good too .	stir fried veggies	positive
love the rolls her especially red dragon and viva vegas .	rolls	positive
a great hidden gem !	hidden	positive
the food is first rate and the sports memorabilia is unreal .	food	positive
the food is first rate and the sports memorabilia is unreal .	sports memorabilia	positive
the cleanest and most well ran resort in phoenix .	resort	positive
they are different every week i think so there 's a good variety .	variety	positive
also costco is open sundays to do tires which discount is n't .	tires	negative
austin has been working on my truck since i got it back in _num_ .	truck	positive
come here if you want an honest and hard working business .	business	positive
shop is small but everyone there really is fantastic .	shop	negative
the roll was really good .	roll	positive
had a wonderful waitress and food was amazing !	waitress	positive
had a wonderful waitress and food was amazing !	food	positive
great customer service , great restaurants too !	customer service	positive
great customer service , great restaurants too !	restaurants	positive
there is something about that place that brings me a sense of relaxation .	place	positive
great place to go .	place	positive
and the prices should n't be what they are for that place at all .	prices	negative
always has current sports games and friendly servers .	sports games	positive
always has current sports games and friendly servers .	servers	positive
the atmosphere was really good .	atmosphere	positive
they gave us those mimosas for free , which was nice .	mimosas	positive
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !	huevos rancheros	positive
thanks for being a good neighbor .	neighbor	positive
this club is absolutely amazing .	club	positive
these people are n't for the animals , they 're just after the money !	people	negative
these people are n't for the animals , they 're just after the money !	animals	negative
these people are n't for the animals , they 're just after the money !	money	negative
definitely a dive but that 's the charm .	dive	negative
the menu 's are old and not all items can still be read .	menu	negative
i do n't like home fries whatsoever .	home fries	negative
internet , laundry , bath facilities were all wonderful .	laundry	positive
internet , laundry , bath facilities were all wonderful .	bath facilities	positive
the property is gorgeous as well as the inside of the hotel .	property	positive
the customer service was amazing and they were so comforting .	customer service	positive
wasted _num_ hrs in drive time , gas money .	drive time	negative
wasted _num_ hrs in drive time , gas money .	gas money	negative
beautiful building and a memorable experience .	building	positive
german owned and you can tell .	german	positive
i was turned off by the faux wall artwork .	wall artwork	negative
will definitely go back there from now on and recommend to anyone in area .	area	positive
i just wished i would have believed the reviews .	reviews	negative
hands down the most honest auto shop i have ever encountered .	auto shop	positive
simply one of the best places to get donuts !	donuts	positive
love this bakery !	bakery	positive
famous sports memorabilia everywhere .	sports memorabilia	positive
elements is one of those places .	elements	positive
only for the pomegranate smoothie .	pomegranate smoothie	positive
i have stayed at this hotel before .	hotel	positive
very good restaurant !	restaurant	positive
everyone there from the receptionist to the mechanics were incredibly friendly and helpful .	receptionist	positive
everyone there from the receptionist to the mechanics were incredibly friendly and helpful .	mechanics	positive
the penne with meatballs was huge and very reasonably priced .	penne with meatballs	positive
the penne with meatballs was huge and very reasonably priced .	priced	positive
instead they charged me $ _num_ for a small soda .	soda	negative
the scheduling line is lacking .	scheduling line	negative
so today i ended my membership and will not be going back !	membership	negative
best of all , the meals come with free unlimited delicious chips and salsa .	meals	positive
best of all , the meals come with free unlimited delicious chips and salsa .	chips	positive
best of all , the meals come with free unlimited delicious chips and salsa .	salsa	positive
they definitely knew their stuff and were both so helpful !	stuff	positive
no one on the staff recognized the special occasion .	staff	negative
like really large carrot pieces and like whole quarters of potato .	carrot pieces	positive
like really large carrot pieces and like whole quarters of potato .	potato	positive
lenny 's burger birthday celebration !	burger	positive
their smoothie shop is always clean and smells delicious .	smoothie shop	positive
not a fan .	fan	negative
thats what i have to say about scottsdale lanes this saturday morning .	scottsdale lanes	positive
i looked at the spinatos pizza place and it looked worse than frozen pizza .	spinatos pizza place	negative
i looked at the spinatos pizza place and it looked worse than frozen pizza .	frozen pizza	negative
what does that have to do with me , im not the carpet cleaners ?	carpet cleaners	negative
i will not order from this location again .	location	negative
i had a carne asada burro and the others had chicken and beef enchiladas .	carne asada burro	positive
i had a carne asada burro and the others had chicken and beef enchiladas .	chicken	positive
i had a carne asada burro and the others had chicken and beef enchiladas .	beef enchiladas	positive
it would have been nice for customers and workers to have some ac going .	customers	positive
it would have been nice for customers and workers to have some ac going .	workers	positive
it would have been nice for customers and workers to have some ac going .	ac	positive
live music and a great patio with heaters and a fire pit .	live music	positive
live music and a great patio with heaters and a fire pit .	patio	positive
live music and a great patio with heaters and a fire pit .	heaters	positive
live music and a great patio with heaters and a fire pit .	fire pit	positive
just a comfortable place to eat at and hang out .	place	positive
domino 's , have no fear ... ... i 'll never be back .	domino	positive
i 'm very glad with the customer service i received throughout my visit .	customer service	positive
great festival .	festival	positive
staff is very unprofessional .	staff	negative
the food is very consistent .	food	positive
nice live band .	live band	positive
chicken was dry and nachos had no flavor .	chicken	negative
chicken was dry and nachos had no flavor .	nachos	negative
i would n't reccomend it for more than maybe the beer and garlic fries .	beer	negative
i would n't reccomend it for more than maybe the beer and garlic fries .	garlic fries	negative
great food and prices are reasonable .	food	positive
great food and prices are reasonable .	prices	positive
chips and homemade salsa are a great way to start .	chips	positive
chips and homemade salsa are a great way to start .	homemade salsa	positive
great food and great people .	food	positive
great food and great people .	people	positive
very happy customer !	customer	positive
my wife had the gnocchi this time , which was a bit tough .	gnocchi	negative
if owner is upset about something she take sit out on you .	owner	negative
amazing seafood dishes , decent prices and super service .	seafood dishes	positive
amazing seafood dishes , decent prices and super service .	prices	positive
amazing seafood dishes , decent prices and super service .	service	positive
she comes back and says , no the bill is right .	bill	negative
pretty normal flavor for this type of place .	flavor	positive
pretty normal flavor for this type of place .	place	positive
the food was fantastic !	food	positive
not great especially for homemade , but not bad .	homemade	negative
portions are always very adequate , enough for two meals .	portions	positive
portions are always very adequate , enough for two meals .	meals	positive
they also have a great lunch menu .	lunch menu	positive
the bartender knows her stuff here !	bartender	positive
great food !	food	positive
great cocktails , cheap drinks , fantastic staff .	cocktails	positive
great cocktails , cheap drinks , fantastic staff .	drinks	positive
great cocktails , cheap drinks , fantastic staff .	staff	positive
all in all , not a great food experience .	food	negative
all the staff are very pleasant and accommodating .	staff	positive
it 's in a bad location in chandler .	location	negative
he did n't like the beds and did n't sleep well .	beds	negative
kids and adults will love it .	kids	positive
steven paul salon in old town scottsdale is an unexpected great find !	scottsdale	positive
they gave me the run around for weeks .	run	positive
great reasonably priced place !	priced place	positive
excellent staff great follow up .	staff	positive
service was just as disappointing .	service	negative
then i asked for the managers name and she would not give it .	managers name	negative
love this place .	place	positive
fast clean up by staff .	clean	positive
fast clean up by staff .	staff	positive
it kills fun experience and get bad reviews like this .	experience	negative
the sales are great and the employees are hilarious and super nice .	sales	positive
the sales are great and the employees are hilarious and super nice .	employees	positive
service was fantastic including when we made the reservation .	service	positive
service was fantastic including when we made the reservation .	reservation	positive
very happy with their service .	service	positive
we basically wasted about $ _num_ on food that day .	food	negative
fun , inexpensive and awesome location .	location	positive
i went about _num_ days later to see if they found the missing shirt .	shirt	negative
subway is just as legit .	subway	positive
i 'm beyond disappointed with this establishment .	establishment	negative
great service & authentic atmosphere !	service	positive
great service & authentic atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
the taste was awful and it was so hard to chew .	taste	negative
this visit put me in a very good mood !	visit	positive
lets just say i wish i went to the many other resorts in scottsdale .	resorts	positive
they 're also affordable and near my house , bonus !	house	positive
that 's amazing service .	service	positive
for the gentleman i had my appt .	appt	positive
thank you so much for the wonderful floral arrangement for my friends !	floral arrangement	positive
my soup was also cold and i literally only walked a block home .	soup	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
called the office and left a message no return call .	office	negative
they were watered down and lacked taste and substance .	taste	negative
they were watered down and lacked taste and substance .	substance	negative
i bought my tickets through groupon for $ _num_ each .	tickets	positive
i bought my tickets through groupon for $ _num_ each .	groupon	positive
picked up a to-go order for my husbands birthday ; what a disappointment .	to-go order	negative
it 's simple in ingredients , but complex in flavor .	ingredients	positive
it 's simple in ingredients , but complex in flavor .	flavor	positive
ra was really not much better , and the service was ... ok .	service	negative
this is by far the worst rental company i 've had to deal with .	rental company	negative
one customer told him to stop being a dick .	customer	negative
with regard to the pizza , this was just not worth the first bite .	pizza	negative
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .	customers	negative
excellent massage by jim .	massage by jim	positive
biscuits and gravy were very good .	biscuits	positive
biscuits and gravy were very good .	gravy	positive
bartenders were nice but seemed amateur .	bartenders	positive
this is usually my favorite steak house for the money .	money	positive
rooms are lovely and spacious with nice patios .	rooms	positive
rooms are lovely and spacious with nice patios .	patios	positive
clientele diverse .	clientele	positive
terrible service .	service	negative
nice clean room .	clean room	positive
food was tasty and the place was clean .	food	positive
food was tasty and the place was clean .	place	positive
if you want a tasty fat juicy burger go see lenny !	fat juicy burger	positive
the ladies with me that had the tortellini loved it !	ladies	positive
the ladies with me that had the tortellini loved it !	tortellini	positive
definitely will come back to this place .	place	positive
the bar keeps are very friendly and prompt with service .	bar keeps	positive
the bar keeps are very friendly and prompt with service .	service	positive
for dessert the spicy chocolate torte .	spicy chocolate torte	positive
golf in the arizona summer with no water on the course .	water	negative
golf in the arizona summer with no water on the course .	course	negative
portions too small .	portions	negative
it served four of us with plenty of vodka to spare .	vodka	positive
very good authentic cheap mexican food .	mexican food	positive
my wife and i did not enjoy the food or the experience .	food	negative
volvo of tempe is the best !	volvo of tempe	positive
i guess i should 've looked at the venue reviews first .	venue	negative
the prices are fair , and the selection of wine is robust .	prices	positive
the prices are fair , and the selection of wine is robust .	selection of wine	positive
fresh squeezed juice was great .	fresh squeezed juice	positive
great for a girls night out or a hh with coworkers .	girls night	positive
the atmosphere was so-so , they should have had music on or something !	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere was so-so , they should have had music on or something !	music	negative
sushi is super fresh and beautiful .	sushi	positive
the employees were pleasure and professional , i drove out a satisfied customer .	employees	positive
there is no excuse for rudeness to paying customers .	customers	negative
this is the first place i go when shopping for produce !	produce	positive
when they arrived the tortillas were corn , greasy and soft .	tortillas	negative
when they arrived the tortillas were corn , greasy and soft .	corn	negative
i crave their jalapeno fried rice .	jalapeno fried rice	positive
best burgers in town in my opinion .	burgers	positive
also the partners are really nice , and the drinks are always great .	partners	positive
also the partners are really nice , and the drinks are always great .	drinks	positive
drinks are overpriced and the door staff is a bit much .	drinks	negative
drinks are overpriced and the door staff is a bit much .	door staff	negative
way to be on top of your game !	game	positive
and the associates are happy and ready to assist .	associates	positive
the last thing that left a negative impression was some of the staff .	staff	negative
love this place !	place	positive
my wife said the tamales were the best she has ever had .	tamales	positive
my wife and i had an amazing dinner her while we were in scottsdale !	dinner	positive
we sat on the patio and it was very pleasant .	patio	positive
disgusting place .	place	negative
i love their homemade salsa !	homemade salsa	positive
everyone at the table seemed to enjoy what they got .	table	positive
great staff and doctors .	staff	positive
great staff and doctors .	doctors	positive
unprofessional and now i 've wasted my money !	money	negative
definitely one of the better spots in the area .	spots	positive
definitely one of the better spots in the area .	area	positive
what a fantastic little place .	place	positive
they apparently lay it on a grill and forget it !	grill	negative
afternoon high tea is wonderful !	afternoon high tea	positive
family owned and operated with a mexican flare .	mexican flare	positive
a member of a party can not join mid meal .	mid meal	negative
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	customer	negative
not even shitty domestic beer .	domestic beer	negative
seriously , stay clear of this lot ... he & it are bad news !	lot	negative
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	staff	positive
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	service	positive
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	food	positive
this location does n't even deserve one star !	location	negative
summer , i go for the iced peach green tea .	iced peach green tea	positive
they have the best egg drop soup i 've ever had .	egg drop soup	positive
the customer service here is also great !	customer service	positive
easily the best customer service i have ever gotten from an auto shop .	customer service	positive
i love the specialty items they get .	specialty items	positive
the guy working was very helpful and friendly and the prices are amazing .	guy	positive
the guy working was very helpful and friendly and the prices are amazing .	prices	positive
where this place takes the cake is the excellent customer service !	cake	positive
where this place takes the cake is the excellent customer service !	customer service	positive
_num_ hours to change my battery at the gas station .	battery	negative
_num_ hours to change my battery at the gas station .	gas	negative
and the restaurant is extremely clean !	restaurant	positive
i would high recommend this bikram studio and the staff is phenomenal !	bikram studio	positive
i would high recommend this bikram studio and the staff is phenomenal !	staff	positive
i highly recommend this company to everyone !	company	positive
the dance floor is big , and everyone was really friendly .	dance floor	positive
could n't get our bill right either .	bill	negative
finally , after _num_ weeks i had to use the rv .	rv	negative
love this store .	store	positive
the service was amazing , probably some of the best i 've ever had .	service	positive
very clean , and inexpensive food , and inexpensive gaming .	food	positive
very clean , and inexpensive food , and inexpensive gaming .	gaming	positive
the cheeseburgers are very simple yet so tasty .	cheeseburgers	positive
i remember the restroom being clean .	restroom	positive
malee 's was very good .	malee	positive
excellent place , super friendly staff .	place	positive
excellent place , super friendly staff .	staff	positive
excellent establishment , very consistent and the ribs are always the best in town .	establishment	positive
excellent establishment , very consistent and the ribs are always the best in town .	ribs	positive
terrible pizza and way overpriced .	pizza	negative
the service is friendly and effective .	service	positive
fun poker _num_ days a week !	poker _num_	positive
now the air doesnt work and they want _num_ to diagnose the problem .	air	negative
adults feel like kids and kids feel like they stepped into a magical world .	kids	positive
the staff here is very friendly and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
used to love this place but man has it gone down hill .	place	positive
and i do n't prefer _num_ hang out with pretentious crowds like that .	crowds	negative
bad place to go for electronics .	electronics	negative
all due to proximity and availability , never due to desire .	proximity	positive
all due to proximity and availability , never due to desire .	availability	positive
btw , do n't go in the bathrooms , they were really dirty .	bathrooms	negative
great food with a hint of lao for those who would know the difference .	food	positive
great food with a hint of lao for those who would know the difference .	lao	positive
great shop !	shop	positive
important to note this restaurant has changed ownership a few months ago .	restaurant	negative
sushi rolls were very good .	sushi rolls	positive
one room packed so tight you could not move .	room	negative
they really know what they are doing and great customer service .	customer service	positive
i also bought my bridesmaids dresses here .	bridesmaids dresses	positive
however if you have the time to wait it 's definitely an enjoyable meal .	meal	positive
do you like great food , great service , and friendly environment ?	food	positive
do you like great food , great service , and friendly environment ?	service	positive
do you like great food , great service , and friendly environment ?	environment	positive
it 's ultra casual for sandwiches and italian dishes this good .	sandwiches	positive
it 's ultra casual for sandwiches and italian dishes this good .	italian dishes	positive
the breakfast is superb .	breakfast	positive
hands down the best pancakes in the valley !	pancakes	positive
i love the text deals every day .	text	positive
meals were great and full of flavor .	meals	positive
meals were great and full of flavor .	flavor	positive
this is the worst department store i have ever been in .	department store	negative
best anniversary , best customer service and best food ever !	customer service	positive
best anniversary , best customer service and best food ever !	food	positive
amanda the service manager is so nice and they are super fast .	service manager	positive
great food !	food	positive
the staff is great too .	staff	positive
service was fast and quality food .	service	positive
service was fast and quality food .	food	positive
possible bed bugs , i woke with numerous bites on me .	bed bugs	negative
great value sub sandwiches !	value sub sandwiches	positive
$ _num_ later , more repairs .	repairs	positive
terrible , this is just about the worst mexican i 've had in az .	mexican	negative
definitely would recommend this place .	place	positive
quite the contrary , , , food was terrific .	food	positive
the people here are very nice but the corporate ethics are in the trash .	people	positive
the people here are very nice but the corporate ethics are in the trash .	corporate ethics	negative
my recommendation is to skip this place unless its a last resort .	place	negative
people pay good money only to have them stolen !	people	negative
these guys offered great service .	service	positive
comfortable environment and excellent food .	environment	positive
comfortable environment and excellent food .	food	positive
not only is the food delicious but the service was amazing !	food	positive
not only is the food delicious but the service was amazing !	service	positive
not a promising sign .	sign	negative
it had no flavor or very little sauce .	flavor	negative
it had no flavor or very little sauce .	sauce	negative
the textures and blend of ingredients are perfection !	textures	positive
the textures and blend of ingredients are perfection !	blend of ingredients	positive
they have a great organic selection and dried fruits .	organic selection	positive
they have a great organic selection and dried fruits .	dried fruits	positive
the artists showing their work are authentic and edgy .	artists	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
great full service salon and spa !	salon	positive
great full service salon and spa !	spa	positive
kicked back , friendly crowd , good wine , good fare , reasonable prices .	crowd	positive
kicked back , friendly crowd , good wine , good fare , reasonable prices .	wine	positive
kicked back , friendly crowd , good wine , good fare , reasonable prices .	fare	positive
kicked back , friendly crowd , good wine , good fare , reasonable prices .	prices	positive
one of the best nights .	nights	positive
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	tour guides	negative
but they did n't cut the price .	price	negative
awesome food , awesome staff , awesome service !	food	positive
awesome food , awesome staff , awesome service !	staff	positive
awesome food , awesome staff , awesome service !	service	positive
i waited for my nails to dry and i walked out .	nails	negative
excellent bartenders , service , and live dj .	bartenders	positive
excellent bartenders , service , and live dj .	service	positive
excellent bartenders , service , and live dj .	live dj	positive
turns out my key disappeared from their lock box along with my car overnight .	key	negative
turns out my key disappeared from their lock box along with my car overnight .	lock box	negative
this is my husband 's favorite place to go in phoenix .	place	positive
great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
perfect amount of sauce , chicken and the crust was just right !	sauce	positive
perfect amount of sauce , chicken and the crust was just right !	chicken	positive
perfect amount of sauce , chicken and the crust was just right !	crust	positive
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	consistency	negative
outside setup is pretty cool in the night time .	outside setup	positive
food was delicious and worth the price !	food	positive
food was delicious and worth the price !	price	positive
they said it was the battery , and replaced my battery .	battery	negative
the food was delicious !	food	positive
total meal was $ _num_ for three people and the food was awful .	total meal	negative
total meal was $ _num_ for three people and the food was awful .	food	negative
the decor was ok but very kitschy .	decor	negative
the service was horrible .	service	negative
the place was empty .	place	negative
went here for thanksgiving dinner .	thanksgiving dinner	positive
very slow and just not my type of place .	place	negative
staff is super friendly .	staff	positive
i love the food , especially any seafood special they can cook up !	food	positive
i love the food , especially any seafood special they can cook up !	seafood special	positive
this is the best hotel in the phoenix/scottsdale area .	hotel	positive
grilled cheese that wasnt melted .	grilled cheese	positive
i love their clothes !	clothes	positive
great food , loved the decor and the staff was very sweet .	food	positive
great food , loved the decor and the staff was very sweet .	decor	positive
great food , loved the decor and the staff was very sweet .	staff	positive
there are several hotels nearby for less money and much nicer .	hotels	positive
there are several hotels nearby for less money and much nicer .	money	negative
this place is better .	place	positive
the food is really good and the service is solid as well .	food	positive
the food is really good and the service is solid as well .	service	positive
ate at family style restaurant expecting home made taste , far from that !	taste	positive
when we received our sundaes they were sans whipped cream .	sundaes	negative
when we received our sundaes they were sans whipped cream .	whipped cream	negative
small portions , small taste , big cost .	portions	negative
small portions , small taste , big cost .	taste	negative
small portions , small taste , big cost .	cost	negative
do n't know why this place has so much hype .	place	negative
the staff was courteous and professional .	staff	positive
the service is incredible !	service	positive
the coach house is cool , you see .	coach house	positive
however this place was simply amazing .	place	positive
the setting , looking down over the valley from camelback mountain , beautiful .	setting	positive
flavorful and filling , i always get an extra pita .	pita	positive
love their intimate , outdoor patio also .	outdoor patio	positive
the beer , scene and employees deserve a higher rating .	beer	negative
the beer , scene and employees deserve a higher rating .	scene	negative
the beer , scene and employees deserve a higher rating .	employees	negative
i do n't trust yelp , really losing faith in the reviews .	reviews	negative
no appt and were able to service me right away .	appt	negative
she is now the happy owner of a gorgeous gown .	owner	positive
she is now the happy owner of a gorgeous gown .	gown	positive
my favorite grocery in the area .	grocery	positive
a friend who lives nearby brought us here for a late lunch .	lunch	positive
lots of cool history .	history	positive
the price was very reasonable for the amount of food that we got .	price	positive
love this location .	location	positive
this is where i have taken all my power tools for repairs .	power tools	positive
overall we were very pleased with the clinic and will return there next time .	clinic	positive
the bloody mary was super spicy and pretty dang strong .	bloody mary	positive
i am extremely disappointed with this location .	location	negative
walked in the restaurant from the mall entrance and you could smell fish .	fish	negative
i normally get the chimis with their poblano sauce ; so good .	chimis	positive
i normally get the chimis with their poblano sauce ; so good .	poblano sauce	positive
the owners are great people and role models in my opinion .	owners	positive
love this place .	place	positive
driver was quick , professional , friendly , and clearly experienced .	driver	positive
thanks guys .	guys	positive
live music is great .	live music	positive
i felt this place as overpriced for the size of the portions .	portions	negative
now they purchase them and they are like day old chewy hamburger buns .	hamburger buns	positive
i was not impressed in the least with my seating .	seating	negative
this place is just an all-around great experience .	place	positive
and very reasonably priced given how good it is .	priced	positive
the place was so loud that it was impossible to talk .	place	negative
the location and ambience are great .	location	positive
the location and ambience are great .	ambience	positive
this place just has a cool factor all its own .	place	positive
no lie _num_ dollars for _num_ ravioli .	ravioli	positive
wonderful view & relaxed atmosphere on the upstairs balcony seating .	view	positive
wonderful view & relaxed atmosphere on the upstairs balcony seating .	atmosphere	positive
wonderful view & relaxed atmosphere on the upstairs balcony seating .	upstairs balcony seating	positive
would definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for a good sandwich .	sandwich	positive
the tip was _num_ dollars .	tip	positive
great service .	service	positive
great food and great service .	food	positive
great food and great service .	service	positive
the pricing is reasonable and the maintenance staff is great .	pricing	positive
the pricing is reasonable and the maintenance staff is great .	maintenance staff	positive
also , it seemed like the vegetables were overcooked .	vegetables	negative
very disappointed when we received delivery .	delivery	negative
i was very pleased with the service and the food was incredible !	service	positive
i was very pleased with the service and the food was incredible !	food	positive
i was so disappointed with the salt cellar .	salt cellar	negative
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	bar	negative
came for lunch , it was dead but service was on point .	lunch	negative
came for lunch , it was dead but service was on point .	service	positive
not only did i receive excellent service i also received a huge discount .	service	positive
the food left much to be desired .	food	negative
found this place via groupon .	place	positive
found this place via groupon .	groupon	positive
the staff is friendly .	staff	positive
yet i was asked why i did not have reservations .	reservations	positive
i swear , the wait is worth it !	wait	positive
he was able to work with my schedule .	schedule	positive
i mean , my food was not bad .	food	positive
one of the best thai in the valley !	thai	positive
i found _num_ peas and _num_ carrot chunk in the whole thing .	carrot chunk	positive
small pub , but great staff , food and drinks !	pub	negative
small pub , but great staff , food and drinks !	staff	positive
small pub , but great staff , food and drinks !	food	positive
her cuts stay perfect from the salon to the next appointment .	cuts	positive
the salon has a great vibe and friendly atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
place is nice and quiet .	place	positive
and the problems , they did n't go away instead , got much worse .	problems	negative
best tailor in town .	tailor	positive
for making the hot chocolate warm for my toddler .	hot chocolate	positive
oh and the the dressing rooms are so pretty !	the dressing rooms	positive
although the the filet was good , i will never eat there again .	the filet	positive
the apricot miso bowl was really sour again .	apricot miso bowl	negative
happy hour prices are great !	prices	positive
good prices , good pour , interesting list .	prices	positive
good prices , good pour , interesting list .	pour	positive
the sandwiches are great .	sandwiches	positive
mayo phoenix will not .	mayo phoenix	negative
excellent ambiance , great fillet , good service .	ambiance	positive
excellent ambiance , great fillet , good service .	fillet	positive
excellent ambiance , great fillet , good service .	service	positive
next time i hit up the phx .	phx	positive
this place does n't disappoint .	place	positive
bruce and his staff are amazing and incredibly talented .	staff	positive
the pizza and wings special is delicious .	pizza	positive
the pizza and wings special is delicious .	wings special	positive
the prices are very reasonable .	prices	positive
the place is dirty and super slow and the employees literally do n't listen .	place	negative
the place is dirty and super slow and the employees literally do n't listen .	employees	negative
there are only _num_ locations in the valley so hope you live close .	locations	positive
that 's it , ra - you 've lost another customer .	customer	negative
great service , cozy and does great work .	service	positive
what horrible customer service !	customer service	negative
great food and usually great service .	food	positive
great food and usually great service .	service	positive
hate this place !	place	negative
my pedicure was okay , but i 've had much better for cheaper .	pedicure	positive
and the bottled water was $ _num_ .	bottled water	positive
i went here for breakfast with my mom and daughter .	breakfast	positive
i appreciate the service !	service	positive
first thing to know is they only take cash .	cash	negative
the crispy basil chicken is our favorite !	crispy basil chicken	positive
great experience every time at prestige animal clinic !	animal	positive
great food .	food	positive
this is the dentist you want !	dentist	positive
we came in for happy hour and the bar filled up fast .	bar	negative
really terrific food , great variety , and friendly service !	food	positive
really terrific food , great variety , and friendly service !	variety	positive
really terrific food , great variety , and friendly service !	service	positive
excellent service too !	service	positive
well stocked for a smaller shop but very big in service .	shop	negative
well stocked for a smaller shop but very big in service .	service	positive
just office staff is extremely rude .	office staff	negative
great selection of beers and vino .	selection of beers	positive
great selection of beers and vino .	vino	positive
nice local bar to experience on a trip to phoenix .	bar	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
i wo n't even talk about how poorly the place is now laid out .	place	negative
the food was average and the service was terrible .	food	negative
the food was average and the service was terrible .	service	negative
there was confusion about chicken combo vs. chicken .	chicken combo	negative
the only digital channels that worked were two kids channels and several sports channels .	kids channels	negative
the only digital channels that worked were two kids channels and several sports channels .	sports channels	negative
nice , clean , comfortable , excellent location .	location	positive
the only thing good was the rice .	rice	positive
filthy dirty carpet ( what is the kitchen like ? )	carpet	negative
filthy dirty carpet ( what is the kitchen like ? )	kitchen	negative
great place -- we will be there often .	place	positive
the place seemed very clean .	place	positive
only served us and then left only returned with the bill .	bill	negative
they have great service , and awesome food and drink prices .	service	positive
they have great service , and awesome food and drink prices .	food	positive
they have great service , and awesome food and drink prices .	drink prices	positive
one of my favorite pizza places in the valley .	pizza places	positive
worst dining experience ever .	dining experience	negative
this is a great little market with big time italian food .	italian food	positive
the pizza is very good .	pizza	positive
stopped by for late night taco 's .	taco 's	positive
great food had the short rib and the pork tenderloin both amazing .	food	positive
great food had the short rib and the pork tenderloin both amazing .	short rib	positive
great food had the short rib and the pork tenderloin both amazing .	pork tenderloin	positive
great place to eat italian .	italian	positive
dr was n't the friendliest , assistants very nice though .	dr	negative
dr was n't the friendliest , assistants very nice though .	assistants	negative
we got engaged tonight and wow what amazing service !	service	positive
baker wee is awesome .	baker wee	positive
i am willing to drive to the other locations just to avoid it .	locations	negative
our pasta dishes were outstanding and service very good .	pasta dishes	positive
our pasta dishes were outstanding and service very good .	service	positive
a lot of good fresh cold or hot food for people on a budget .	fresh cold	positive
a lot of good fresh cold or hot food for people on a budget .	hot food	positive
not the interest rate expected .	interest rate	negative
also , the office staff is very friendly .	office staff	positive
the chips and salsa were delicious .	chips	positive
the chips and salsa were delicious .	salsa	positive
my favorite breakfast spot !	breakfast spot	positive
the past three times i have been the staff was extremely rude .	staff	negative
this place is incredible .	place	positive
great instructors and staff !	instructors	positive
great instructors and staff !	staff	positive
not for our table though .	table	negative
having the staff be truly helpful and friendly really makes a big difference !	staff	positive
this was the worst , least professional spa service i 've ever received .	spa service	negative
they have the best breakfast burritos in the world .	breakfast burritos	positive
rick was wonderful .	rick	positive
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !	bagel breakfast sandwich	positive
the apps were amazing and so was the ribeye .	apps	positive
the apps were amazing and so was the ribeye .	ribeye	positive
the chips was stale , had to be sent back .	chips	negative
the pork tamales was too thick and dried .	pork tamales	negative
but decent breakfast , charming property ... and a unique experience i 'd say .	breakfast	positive
but decent breakfast , charming property ... and a unique experience i 'd say .	property	positive
awesome staff .	staff	positive
counter service was excellent !	counter service	positive
menu is very limited .	menu	negative
bad employees !	employees	negative
it makes it much easier to keep my mouth healthy .	mouth	negative
im tired of playing these games .	games	negative
service was wonderful and people were friendly .	service	positive
service was wonderful and people were friendly .	people	positive
i highly recommend the bc french toast with fresh berries and walnuts !	bc french toast	positive
the staff at this trader joe 's is fantastic !	staff	positive
i wish the owners read the reviews and fixed their employee issues .	owners	positive
i wish the owners read the reviews and fixed their employee issues .	employee	positive
i wish there was a way to give negative stars in this situation !	situation	negative
service was good .	service	positive
so i said fries with only one of them .	fries	negative
it 's probably the best mt dew out there .	mt dew	positive
i ordered an omelet my way and did not get it my way !	omelet	negative
this man was the absolute best waiter i have ever experienced in my life .	waiter	positive
matt was absolutely wonderful !	matt	positive
love love love this place .	place	positive
the rice was crunchy and did not taste like regular spanish rice .	rice	negative
the rice was crunchy and did not taste like regular spanish rice .	spanish rice	negative
admission is a tad pricey but well worth it in my mind .	admission	negative
great food at equally great prices .	food	positive
great food at equally great prices .	prices	positive
the meal started with bread , which was meh .	meal	positive
the meal started with bread , which was meh .	bread	positive
this place is horrible ... .	place	negative
my wife loves mexican food and we usually try different restaurants around the valley .	mexican food	positive
we had the grilled portobello sandwich and the caprese salad , both delicious .	grilled portobello sandwich	positive
we had the grilled portobello sandwich and the caprese salad , both delicious .	caprese salad	positive
respect your guests people .	people	positive
the manager comped our meal .	manager	positive
the manager comped our meal .	meal	positive
the bean and cheese burrito was runny and salty .	bean and cheese burrito	negative
we had dinner there and loved it !	dinner	positive
keep staying strong native on bell !	native	positive
waste of money , even for a groupon .	money	negative
waste of money , even for a groupon .	groupon	negative
the food at this place sucks , their bartenders suck .	food	negative
the food at this place sucks , their bartenders suck .	bartenders	negative
i do this for one reason and that is for the savings !	savings	positive
nice food .	food	positive
the service was very slow .	service	negative
out designated driver was charged $ _num_ for lemonade !	driver	negative
out designated driver was charged $ _num_ for lemonade !	lemonade	negative
the food is always fresh and delicious .	food	positive
see sage , the owner .	owner	positive
the adovada and salsa is the best i 've had in az so far .	adovada	positive
it 's a fun shop to go in and walk around .	shop	positive
but $ _num_ for a tiny little portion was irritating .	portion	negative
chicken over cooked , tough .	chicken	negative
the green salsa is amazing !	green salsa	positive
such amazing prices !	prices	positive
this place is packed when football is on .	place	negative
this place is packed when football is on .	football	negative
this is a wonderful resort .	resort	positive
this place is n't a that great .	place	negative
the negatives above do n't make it worth the extensive wait for a table .	negatives	negative
the negatives above do n't make it worth the extensive wait for a table .	wait for a table	negative
the best thing is the diverse mix of patrons .	patrons	positive
great mix for the whole family to enjoy !	mix	positive
his staff is professional , informative and patient .	staff	positive
nice new location .	location	positive
each game is two coins which is too much if you ask me .	game	negative
for me to drink my latte while i wait ? )	latte	negative
i will definitely use this business again for future cleanings !	cleanings	positive
i received bland , room temperature food with undercooked meats .	food	negative
i received bland , room temperature food with undercooked meats .	meats	negative
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	coupon	positive
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	place	positive
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	value	positive
the restaurant decor is nice and the staff is great as well .	decor	positive
the restaurant decor is nice and the staff is great as well .	staff	positive
we asked for things , like waters , that never came .	waters	negative
it 's a great place to share dishes with friends .	dishes	positive
i tried telling him that i do n't have a warranty on the car .	warranty	negative
finally someone in scottsdale that knows how to make hummus the right way .	hummus	positive
we could not use our only sink for over a day .	sink	negative
this place has the best wings of any place i 've been to .	wings	positive
worst service i have ever experienced .	service	negative
the food was fresh and full of flavor without being heavy .	food	positive
the food was fresh and full of flavor without being heavy .	flavor	positive
the front desk staff and vet techs are fabulous to work with .	front desk staff	positive
the front desk staff and vet techs are fabulous to work with .	vet techs	positive
we enjoyed the home-style atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the food was good , the service was fine .	food	positive
the food was good , the service was fine .	service	positive
my favorite thai place .	thai place	positive
this place was awful !	place	negative
a lot of the acts were very friendly and engaging .	acts	positive
julie was patient and so helpful and made the experience really wonderful .	julie	positive
not the best sports bar but nice patio .	sports bar	negative
not the best sports bar but nice patio .	patio	positive
great place for atmosphere and interesting food .	atmosphere	positive
great place for atmosphere and interesting food .	food	positive
i love when we order pizza from nypd .	pizza	positive
the whole family takes our vehicles to them when we need maintenance .	maintenance	positive
i 'd definitely recommend anyone to get their vehicle repaired here .	vehicle	positive
i love super burrito !	burrito	positive
delicious food !	food	positive
however , our meal ( while delicious ) , gave me horrible food poisoning .	meal	negative
however , our meal ( while delicious ) , gave me horrible food poisoning .	food	negative
i speak from experience , waste of money .	money	negative
good beans and rice .	beans and rice	positive
the music is great is diverse from hip hop to rock and roll .	music	positive
comes with a huge portion of the best rice you have ever eaten !	rice	positive
ridiculously fantastic authentic italian food .	italian food	positive
do you like the game of hit and miss ?	game of	positive
horrible customer service and i paid _num_ dollars for just some meat .	customer service	negative
horrible customer service and i paid _num_ dollars for just some meat .	meat	negative
a nice , little local establishment .	establishment	positive
she takes great care of all her customers .	customers	positive
food was okay .	food	positive
its like playing taste bud russian roulette .	taste bud russian roulette	positive
love this sushi .	sushi	positive
the majority of the office staff are rude and stuck up .	office staff	negative
i highly recommend this place and have been here multiple times .	place	positive
lots of fun and good memories !	memories	positive
nice guys .	guys	positive
i highly recommend this branch to anyone who wants to buy jewelry .	jewelry	positive
so , not worth anyone 's time for five dollar beers .	beers	negative
that is one thing that is special to the keg that i love .	keg	positive
there 's no indoor seating .	indoor seating	negative
the fit i ended up with was incredible .	fit	positive
overall we did not feel we received our value today .	value	negative
would not recommend this place .	place	negative
he charges $ _num_ , which is a great price .	price	positive
too bad the ribs are what you come for .	ribs	negative
surprisingly good thai food .	thai food	positive
but the food is so , so good .	food	positive
pasta dishes were also good .	pasta dishes	positive
the girls were nice but the product was still crap .	girls	positive
the girls were nice but the product was still crap .	product	negative
our lease ends november and we ca n't wait to move !	lease	positive
we recommend this place if you love any kind of oriental foods .	place	positive
we recommend this place if you love any kind of oriental foods .	oriental foods	positive
great staff .	staff	positive
this is an amazing restaurant .	restaurant	positive
very much worth the investment and traveling to their n. scottsdale location .	location	positive
we had beef , chicken , salad and vegetarian dishes .	beef , chicken , salad	positive
we had beef , chicken , salad and vegetarian dishes .	vegetarian dishes	positive
we recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
nice patio , fair drinks , overpriced bad bland food .	patio	positive
nice patio , fair drinks , overpriced bad bland food .	drinks	positive
nice patio , fair drinks , overpriced bad bland food .	food	negative
good menu , food and drinks .	menu	positive
good menu , food and drinks .	food	positive
this has got to be the worst car wash in the area .	car wash	negative
luv it !	luv	positive
i enjoyed this place very much .	place	positive
donna worked on my hair for _num_ hours and a half .	hair	negative
we found the storage unit clean .	storage unit	positive
i have heard that this place is really good .	place	positive
went in tonight and the place was empty but the food was so good .	place	negative
went in tonight and the place was empty but the food was so good .	food	positive
very good food and service !	food	positive
very good food and service !	service	positive
beans and rice were not good at all .	beans	negative
beans and rice were not good at all .	rice	negative
but these office people do not have it together .	office people	negative
great for a lake side restaurant .	lake	positive
great for a lake side restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the chicken is what really bothered me here .	chicken	negative
i have spoken to the owner a few times and everything is measured perfectly .	owner	positive
these folks are great !	folks	positive
the chilean sea bass with ravioli was perfect !	chilean sea bass with ravioli	positive
the food is great .	food	positive
the bean and cheese burritos are super fresh and their sauce is outstanding !	bean	positive
the bean and cheese burritos are super fresh and their sauce is outstanding !	cheese burritos	positive
the bean and cheese burritos are super fresh and their sauce is outstanding !	sauce	positive
one of our favorite places in scottsdale .	places	positive
good food at reasonable prices .	food	positive
good food at reasonable prices .	prices	positive
even leaving the window open for six hours did n't help .	window	negative
worth the price for each and every shrimp in my belly .	price	positive
worth the price for each and every shrimp in my belly .	shrimp	positive
all the ingredients are fresh and the servings are big .	ingredients	positive
all the ingredients are fresh and the servings are big .	servings	positive
i will not be go back to this place any time soon .	place	negative
highly recommended for a unique and delicious lunch experience .	lunch	positive
the place was down right creepy .	place	negative
lots of fun games to play and have a good time .	games	positive
so i asked why i was n't getting a free chocolate .	chocolate	negative
i dive into my lunch and something is off .	lunch	negative
that is service !	service	positive
the warranty companies should think twice about sending these guys out on service calls .	warranty	negative
the warranty companies should think twice about sending these guys out on service calls .	service calls	negative
but for the prices i would definitely go someplace else .	prices	negative
steaks were wonderful and i had a delicious blueberry mojito .	steaks	positive
steaks were wonderful and i had a delicious blueberry mojito .	blueberry mojito	positive
the lettuce was fresh and cold and so we 're the tomatoes .	lettuce	positive
the lettuce was fresh and cold and so we 're the tomatoes .	tomatoes	positive
she always does an amazing job on my hair .	hair	positive
very little spice , and not much taste at all .	spice	negative
very little spice , and not much taste at all .	taste	negative
tasty but overpriced at $ _num_ for two breasts imo .	breasts imo	positive
it was actually hard to tell where the chicken was hiding .	chicken	negative
he completely turned me off of this place .	place	negative
i had the grilled salmon and it had an amazing flavor .	grilled salmon	positive
i had the grilled salmon and it had an amazing flavor .	flavor	positive
my friend 's beef tasted almost like filipino adobo .	beef	positive
my friend 's beef tasted almost like filipino adobo .	filipino adobo	negative
i know dry aged and neither top sirloin was dry aged .	top sirloin	negative
the sales representative was excited to help me and very knowledgeable .	sales representative	positive
excellent customer service that is not found very often anymore .	customer service	positive
the ambiance of the place is nice too .	ambiance	positive
the ambiance of the place is nice too .	place	positive
definitely worth the price !	price	positive
we love cowboy ciao !	cowboy ciao	positive
the restaurant prices were high ( standard for a resort ) .	prices	negative
our waitress gave a pathetic , `` eh , sorry '' and walked away .	waitress	negative
it also had a tomato but instead of a nice red slice of tomato .	tomato	positive
nice patio for when the weather is cooler .	patio	positive
they had great attitudes and were did a great job .	attitudes	positive
we also ordered mild wings .	wings	positive
the service was impeccable !	service	positive
this place was a waste of time and money .	place	negative
this place was a waste of time and money .	money	negative
this place makes its money on the tourists coming to spring training .	place	positive
the best part : very reasonably priced .	priced	positive
totally rude and rather expensive for a bagel joint .	bagel joint	negative
so no breakfast for me until i can go for lunch .	breakfast	negative
so no breakfast for me until i can go for lunch .	lunch	negative
excellent job on gel pink and white nails .	gel pink	positive
excellent job on gel pink and white nails .	nails	positive
she does a really good job on my long , thick hair .	hair	positive
clean dining area , good service , stop reading this and go there !	dining area	positive
clean dining area , good service , stop reading this and go there !	service	positive
we ended up getting $ _num_ for _num_ full garbage bags full of clothes .	garbage bags	negative
first time at this restaurant and the service was amazing .	service	positive
slow service for larger parties .	service	negative
great place for lunch , service is always polite and chicken chimi plate rocks .	lunch	positive
great place for lunch , service is always polite and chicken chimi plate rocks .	service	positive
great place for lunch , service is always polite and chicken chimi plate rocks .	chicken chimi plate	positive
this place has been the best part of living in the desert !	place	positive
very friendly staff .	staff	positive
also no chips and salsa except on friday and saturday night .	chips	negative
good attentive service .	service	positive
i will not be ordering from this place again .	place	negative
food was totally plain jane and overly greasy .	food	negative
the haircut experience itself was excellent .	haircut experience	positive
bandera , you 've lost one of your biggest fans .	bandera	positive
also would n't take a coupon because it was n't presented on arrival .	coupon	negative
the bacon wrapped scallops are laughable in size , presentation and taste .	bacon wrapped scallops	positive
the bacon wrapped scallops are laughable in size , presentation and taste .	presentation	positive
the bacon wrapped scallops are laughable in size , presentation and taste .	taste	positive
good pasta .	pasta	positive
guacamole was very good as was the salsa and bean dip .	guacamole	positive
guacamole was very good as was the salsa and bean dip .	salsa	positive
guacamole was very good as was the salsa and bean dip .	bean dip	positive
the service is always exceptional .	service	positive
great service and the food is delish .	service	positive
great service and the food is delish .	food	positive
out door seating that is nice during the cooler times of year .	seating	positive
and that includes taco bell .	taco bell	positive
the restaurant is kind of quiet but the service has always been excellent .	service	positive
seriously , one of the best strip club experiences i have ever had !	strip	positive
on top of that - the food is soooo good .	food	positive
good service .	service	positive
when our main courses arrived , they looked ok , but tasted awful .	main courses	negative
i took my two dogs in _num_ days ago for grooming .	dogs	positive
the pizza is always good but i wanted to try something else .	pizza	positive
cute clothes too !	clothes	positive
management is unprofessional , unsanitary , and rude .	management	negative
friendly staff , food turn around was quick .	staff	positive
friendly staff , food turn around was quick .	food	positive
lots of parking and a great vibe .	parking	positive
lots of parking and a great vibe .	vibe	positive
really enjoyed the spa and pool here .	spa	positive
really enjoyed the spa and pool here .	pool	positive
but i order here often as its just high quality all the time .	quality	positive
i could only have a few bits before i throw my slices away .	slices	negative
the pizza was amazing .	pizza	positive
it makes the burrito so much more delicious than it already is .	burrito	positive
painfully slow service .	service	negative
take advantage of their happy hour , good specials !	specials	positive
great food and service .	food	positive
great food and service .	service	positive
order from here often and it 's always good !	order	positive
there are too many options to eat at applebees .	applebees	negative
knowledgeable doctors who made me feel comfortable about my first visit to the chiropractor .	doctors	positive
knowledgeable doctors who made me feel comfortable about my first visit to the chiropractor .	chiropractor	positive
upon entering i was greeted by a very nice straight forward lady .	lady	positive
seems like they just took a dirty rag and quickly wiped down .	rag	negative
whats even worse is the the `` manager '' actually did it .	manager	negative
really , one of the best businesses and dental offices i have been to .	businesses	positive
really , one of the best businesses and dental offices i have been to .	dental offices	positive
he said sure no prob .	prob	negative
love their menu and outdoor dining .	menu	positive
love their menu and outdoor dining .	outdoor dining	positive
well definitely be back to play this course again !	course	positive
the selection here is awesome .	selection	positive
the service is excellent .	service	positive
all the tvs were not working .	tvs	negative
i highly recommend this place to everyone .	place	positive
grimaldi 's is the best pizza in phoenix , hands down , no question .	pizza	positive
the owner , `` hong '' , however - is not .	owner	negative
the resort is beautiful and the spa is amazing .	resort	positive
the resort is beautiful and the spa is amazing .	spa	positive
i found a ton of awesome glass sets when i was there .	glass sets	positive
i enjoy the hour i get to spend with her .	hour	positive
thank you arizona avenue for taking such good care of my pets !	pets	positive
the staff is friendly and the food is awesome .	staff	positive
the staff is friendly and the food is awesome .	food	positive
this was the worst customer service ever !	customer service	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
pizza is horrible .	pizza	negative
great place to get breakfast .	breakfast	positive
we love both rings the same ... .	rings	positive
never had an empty glass , server always made sure we were happy .	glass	positive
never had an empty glass , server always made sure we were happy .	server	positive
there is junk all over the shop .	shop	negative
this place is so not worth it , go somewhere else .	place	negative
_num_ out of _num_ of there employees actually knows something .	employees	negative
incredible customer service .	customer service	positive
the best pizza on the planet .	pizza	positive
he then brought me a sangria which was all ice .	sangria	positive
unfortunately , the sauce tasted like sea food .	sauce	negative
unfortunately , the sauce tasted like sea food .	sea food	negative
food and service were excellent .	food	positive
food and service were excellent .	service	positive
love this place .	place	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
started with calamari and margaritas both were really good .	calamari	positive
started with calamari and margaritas both were really good .	margaritas	positive
will definitely be back next time i 'm in the valley .	valley	positive
there were cigarette burns throughout the room .	cigarette	negative
the food was really good too .	food	positive
terrible service and rude .	service	negative
food was really good .	food	positive
great small business .	business	positive
very very good breakfast !	breakfast	positive
the pork was dry and flavorless .	pork	negative
the service was horrible .	service	negative
also , the beds were horrible !	beds	negative
delicious food !	food	positive
good mexican place with cool outdoor seating .	mexican place	positive
good mexican place with cool outdoor seating .	outdoor seating	positive
this is the worst hotel i have ever stayed at .	hotel	negative
surprisingly i enjoyed the brownie more than the ice cream .	brownie	positive
surprisingly i enjoyed the brownie more than the ice cream .	ice cream	positive
our family loves this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
thank you for all your help mark .	mark	positive
great job !	job	positive
our server was spot on .	server	positive
everyone is so kind and friendly there .	everyone	positive
nice artwork .	artwork	positive
the spare ribs are very good too .	spare ribs	positive
is this customer service ?	customer service	positive
not to mention all the help with our selections !	selections	positive
best pizza in town .	pizza	positive
great staff and never disappointing .	staff	positive
great place !	place	positive
from start to finish she made the process so easy and enjoyable .	process	positive
speed : _num_ star .	speed	positive
i took her in and the doctor was very punctual and nice .	doctor	positive
the burritos were also small and over-priced at $ _num_ .	burritos	negative
incredibly knowledgeable staff .	staff	positive
all were delicious with creative flavor combinations that worked well together .	flavor combinations	positive
so a mexican dish ended up costing $ _num_ .	mexican dish	negative
chuck just keeps raising the prices and wonders why no one comes in .	prices	negative
there were no other waiting customers , in the waiting area !	waiting customers	negative
there were no other waiting customers , in the waiting area !	waiting area	negative
i love the chips and salsas .	chips and salsas	positive
overall in image quality , very poor .	image quality	negative
only in it for the money .	money	negative
for a dollar more order the new thin crust pizza .	thin crust pizza	positive
walking past the charming courtyard , i was rather dissapointed with the inside interior .	courtyard	positive
walking past the charming courtyard , i was rather dissapointed with the inside interior .	interior	negative
poor sound ... .	sound	negative
absolutely the worst service after dark .	service	negative
barro 's is great .	barro	positive
no , sadly i had the same results .	results	negative
they have awesome food and great drink specials .	food	positive
they have awesome food and great drink specials .	drink specials	positive
the food was also excellent .	food	positive
my roommate can throw up in the toilet _num_ hours a day .	toilet	negative
we got the calamari appetizer , which was perfectly cooked and delicious .	calamari appetizer	positive
we got the calamari appetizer , which was perfectly cooked and delicious .	cooked	positive
this place is amazing .	place	positive
we all came away with good deals .	deals	positive
the lady at the counter was nice too .	lady	positive
_num_ ) the refrigerator did n't work .	refrigerator	negative
keep this place in your gps fav 's !	place	positive
keep this place in your gps fav 's !	gps fav	positive
love this place !	place	positive
if you love dates , you have to try the date shake !	date shake	positive
service was great as well .	service	positive
i am vegetarian so i ordered the spaghetti marinara .	spaghetti marinara	negative
my favorite breakfast spot to go to .	breakfast spot	positive
the fajitas were really good and the salsa was addicting .	fajitas	positive
the fajitas were really good and the salsa was addicting .	salsa	positive
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	sushi	negative
this is the best kohl 's in all of arizona .	kohl	positive
service is always first rate .	service	positive
good food and bands !	food	positive
good food and bands !	bands	positive
make sure you have your toilet paper very , very close ... .	toilet paper	positive
great open patio makes you feel like you are on vacation in cabo .	open patio	positive
the next time i am in the area i will definitely come back again .	area	negative
i get the gyro platter which provides you with a lot of meat .	gyro platter	positive
i get the gyro platter which provides you with a lot of meat .	meat	positive
sangria was good great atmosphere to watch the game as well .	sangria	positive
sangria was good great atmosphere to watch the game as well .	atmosphere	positive
sangria was good great atmosphere to watch the game as well .	game	positive
also enjoying the boneless ny strips ... recommended !	ny strips	positive
i really enjoyed visiting this place .	place	positive
a true classic old town dive bar .	dive bar	positive
i will definitely be back to steven paul to see brittany !	steven paul	positive
i will definitely be back to steven paul to see brittany !	brittany	positive
a little kitschy , a little run down , but the food was delicious !	food	positive
the food was quality also , and we will be back .	food	positive
my boss brought me here and bought me bread as a treat .	bread	positive
love love love this store !	store	positive
everyone was really nice .	everyone	positive
and the staff did nothing to stop them .	staff	negative
known for a at home feeling dos provides great bartenders and a friendly staff .	dos	positive
known for a at home feeling dos provides great bartenders and a friendly staff .	bartenders	positive
known for a at home feeling dos provides great bartenders and a friendly staff .	staff	positive
i recommend them for swimming .	swimming	positive
his staff office are helpful and very nice .	staff office	positive
i can only compare this pizza to one of cheap $ _num_ pizza places !	pizza	positive
i can only compare this pizza to one of cheap $ _num_ pizza places !	places	positive
great german food .	german food	positive
i 'm still waiting for pete the manger to call me back .	manger	positive
also had the antipasto salad which was excellent and perfect for sharing .	antipasto salad	positive
got no guacamole .	guacamole	negative
the dentist and staff are very thorough , kind , and educational .	dentist	positive
the dentist and staff are very thorough , kind , and educational .	staff	positive
the food is always fresh and well prepared and comes out very quickly .	food	positive
this place is horrible !	place	negative
their equipment is maintained well and you can expect it to work properly .	equipment	positive
limeade with real lime !	limeade with	positive
my new favorite place !	place	positive
really nice place to grab a breakfast or lunch .	place	positive
really nice place to grab a breakfast or lunch .	breakfast	positive
really nice place to grab a breakfast or lunch .	lunch	positive
order comes out fast hot and fresh love this taco bell !	order	positive
order comes out fast hot and fresh love this taco bell !	taco bell	positive
i got the club and it was amazing !	club	positive
we had girl 's night dinner here and had a horrible experience .	dinner	negative
must see in mesa !	mesa	positive
one of the best jewelry stores i know .	jewelry stores	positive
quick and very friendly service .	service	positive
our family sees him on a regular basis and we have great dental care .	dental care	positive
loved the peanut butter and chocolate ice cream with hot fudge .	peanut butter and chocolate ice cream with hot fudge	positive
delicious and authentic food .	food	positive
plus the staff is friendly and attentive .	staff	positive
love the atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great drink specials .	drink specials	positive
very friendly staff .	staff	positive
yelp did us right by this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
i then proceeded upstairs to the sales dept .	sales dept	positive
they have affordable wedding packages .	wedding packages	positive
i was also pleasantly surprised by their white chocolate raspberry cheesecake with almond bark .	white chocolate raspberry cheesecake with almond bark	positive
i have never been so disgusted with a hotel .	hotel	positive
beans are done right too .	beans	positive
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .	outside seating	positive
this place is excellent new mexican cuisine !	place	positive
this place is excellent new mexican cuisine !	new mexican cuisine	positive
love this girl !	girl	positive
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .	wait	negative
i called hotel tonight when i saw our card had was charged .	card	negative
everything was perfectly cooked and so tasty .	cooked	positive
the employees do not seem to know anything about the food they are serving .	employees	negative
the employees do not seem to know anything about the food they are serving .	food	negative
great menu .	menu	positive
beer , grub & music are all great .	beer	positive
beer , grub & music are all great .	music	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
love her office .	office	positive
love love love the food and atmosphere !	food	positive
love love love the food and atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
we went for the steak and were highly disappointed .	steak	negative
this dentist office is great .	dentist office	positive
it 's just simply amazing how food can taste so good .	food	positive
we just found our new mexican joint !	mexican joint	positive
their drinks specials are also great .	drinks specials	positive
no problem , i 'll just turn up the heater .	heater	positive
the atmosphere is super friendly .	atmosphere	positive
i was scheduled for a test at a later date .	test	negative
they have excellent customer service and their food tastes great .	customer service	positive
they have excellent customer service and their food tastes great .	food	positive
he and his wife were great with us and other customers as well .	customers	positive
the food was not bad but the restaurant was just weird .	food	positive
i work in the service industry and it was just sad .	service	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
mine was _num_ .	mine	positive
unfortunately , the customer service was lackluster and left much to be desired .	customer service	negative
hidden away close to old town is this peaceful and clean park .	park	positive
still my favorite pizza place !	pizza place	positive
love where its located .	located	positive
the pizza is really fresh and tastes amazing !	pizza	positive
quite a disappointing visit .	visit	negative
this has to be by far one of the worst walgreens ever !	walgreens	negative
good place for good vibes !	vibes	positive
great mexican food and fun atmosphere !	mexican food	positive
great mexican food and fun atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
i am incredibly picky about my hair color and she nails it every time .	hair color	negative
our favorite taco place !	taco place	positive
i will never purchase a couch from pottery barn again .	couch	negative
it 's not cheap , but what you get is great quality .	quality	positive
beer is good , service is great always helpful .	beer	positive
beer is good , service is great always helpful .	service	positive
the service is what really ruined it for us .	service	negative
we kept changing the numbers and they were great .	numbers	positive
cheesy band playing .	cheesy band	positive
i recommend this fine mexican establishment if you are in scottsdale !	mexican establishment	positive
the sides are awesome too .	sides	positive
this place , at least today , did n't offer that .	place	negative
i think body solutions is great .	body solutions	positive
i have been here quite a few times , nice place .	place	positive
love this place !	place	positive
liz is a super attentive waitress !	waitress	positive
crap drinks .	crap drinks	negative
he did n't bring water for another _num_ min .	water	negative
the cashier actually called my daughter a liar .	cashier	negative
our server kristen was superb .	server	positive
that entire experience put a bad taste in my mouth for all macayo 's .	macayo 's	negative
the mini shrimp avocado tostadas were good but cold .	mini shrimp avocado tostadas	positive
great ambiance and the misters make it cool while sitting outside .	ambiance	positive
great ambiance and the misters make it cool while sitting outside .	misters	positive
i highly recommend this place for a great date night !	date night	positive
amazing place .	place	positive
best of both worlds into one store .	store	positive
i believe their service is the worst .	service	negative
we will definitely go back here for cat food and other supplies .	cat food	positive
we will definitely go back here for cat food and other supplies .	supplies	positive
the doughnuts were great , but my coffee was n't .	doughnuts	positive
the doughnuts were great , but my coffee was n't .	coffee	negative
our waiter was super attentive & friendly .	waiter	positive
been going to this car wash for a few years now .	car wash	positive
great service !	service	positive
we trust her and the cuts are always perfect .	cuts	positive
the food is amazing .	food	positive
a good place to visit .	place	positive
delicious food , fabulous service .	food	positive
delicious food , fabulous service .	service	positive
either way , i highly recommend this office .	office	positive
why would anyone want to put their food in them ... yuck .	food	negative
the view is spectacular and the crew was fun and very knowledgeable .	view	positive
the view is spectacular and the crew was fun and very knowledgeable .	crew	positive
bring him back to these lovely ladies .	ladies	positive
small but sweet little family restaurant with authentic italian food !	family	positive
small but sweet little family restaurant with authentic italian food !	italian food	positive
the staff are extremely knowledgable and their selection is outstanding .	staff	positive
above average breakfast with already made essentials and an omelette bar .	breakfast	positive
above average breakfast with already made essentials and an omelette bar .	essentials	positive
above average breakfast with already made essentials and an omelette bar .	omelette bar	positive
great experience , keep this place in mind ... .	place	positive
marshall 's is amazing .	marshall	positive
great spot !	spot	positive
well ran shop and nice honest people working there .	shop	positive
well ran shop and nice honest people working there .	people	positive
amazing place .	place	positive
the night person was the complete opposite .	night person	negative
also , the store is clean and easy to navigate .	store	positive
our inconsiderate neighbors below us would chain smoke constantly on their patio .	patio	negative
love this place !	place	positive
love the sandwiches here .	sandwiches	positive
during our hot day at the pool , the staff were amazing and attentive .	staff	positive
a great cheap option for surprisingly good chinese food .	chinese food	positive
the staff were wonderful and very attentive .	staff	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
papago has a great beer selection & awesome food .	beer selection	positive
papago has a great beer selection & awesome food .	food	positive
most cookies are edible !	cookies	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
food is terrible !	food	negative
when we ordered , i asked for chips and salsa .	chips and salsa	positive
the two entrees was nothing special .	entrees	negative
good value for the buck !	value	positive
this is a great spot for brunch !	spot	positive
this is a great spot for brunch !	brunch	positive
the rest of the food is also bad we tried several items .	food	negative
the food is good and the service is always quick .	food	positive
the food is good and the service is always quick .	service	positive
at the end her nails looked awful .	nails	negative
hands down the best stylist in scottsdale !	stylist	positive
very very pleasant and beautiful location .	location	positive
service is _num_ stars by far !	service	positive
excellent service .	service	positive
great ambiance , fast and attentive service .	ambiance	positive
great ambiance , fast and attentive service .	service	positive
( meat lovers ) and it was great .	meat lovers	positive
great place !	place	positive
this is an excellent chinese food restaurant .	chinese food	positive
oh yeah and service is pretty good too .	service	positive
the croissants were delicious .	croissants	positive
i love love love this place !	place	positive
great food great service for over a decade .	food	positive
great food great service for over a decade .	service	positive
always go here to see the seasons newest and best !	seasons	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
found a new favorite spot .	spot	positive
oh no garlic bread ran out .	garlic bread	negative
the only thing i liked was the little romaine salad with the italian dressing .	romaine salad with the italian dressing	positive
she is a must see for swim season !	swim	positive
overall a great place for dinner if you 're into that sort of thing .	place	positive
overall a great place for dinner if you 're into that sort of thing .	dinner	positive
horrible service !	service	negative
i have never waxed my car . ''	car	positive
i was denied the first time after my services were complete .	services	negative
the owner and staff is absolutely unprofessional and rude .	owner	negative
the owner and staff is absolutely unprofessional and rude .	staff	negative
we were handed paper menus with food stains and torn edges .	menus	negative
we were handed paper menus with food stains and torn edges .	food stains	negative
i recommend the beef flautas special with rice and beans .	beef flautas special with rice and beans	positive
let 's start with _num_ great beers on tap .	beers on tap	positive
service was excellent and it was very busy .	service	positive
hubby had the catfish and said it was great .	catfish	positive
the only sushi place i go to during non happy hour times .	sushi place	positive
the bucket of clams for $ _num_ -- so fresh -- so good .	bucket of clams for	positive
thank you mike and thank you mesa window !	mike	positive
thank you mike and thank you mesa window !	mesa window	positive
absurd fees .	fees	negative
this location is so slow .	location	negative
oh , bought wine , um the $ _num_ kind - it was off !	wine	negative
the only good thing about this place is that it 's cheap .	place	positive
great with cut color and style !	cut color	positive
and salsa are not free .	salsa	negative
the atmosphere is cute and they make great coffees and smoothies .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is cute and they make great coffees and smoothies .	coffees	positive
the atmosphere is cute and they make great coffees and smoothies .	smoothies	positive
pizza is good .	pizza	positive
dave is entertaining and knowledgable .	dave	positive
great food and staff and people , not for kids or babies .	food	positive
great food and staff and people , not for kids or babies .	staff	positive
the food is n't insanely good but it 's yummy .	food	positive
but the staff was extremely friendly and took great care of her !	staff	positive
the food is simple and amazing !	food	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
the decor was nice , pretty typical for a small italian restaurant .	decor	positive
no pizza i 've ever ate has been this bad .	pizza	negative
beautiful , perfect service , wonderful golf course , outstanding food .	service	positive
beautiful , perfect service , wonderful golf course , outstanding food .	golf course	positive
beautiful , perfect service , wonderful golf course , outstanding food .	food	positive
best chinese food i 've ever had .	chinese food	positive
the service was great .	service	positive
uh , uh , you mean the store manager ?	store manager	negative
great people , great food .	people	positive
great people , great food .	food	positive
the fried zucchini was great .	fried zucchini	positive
i love the diversity in this place .	diversity	positive
i love the diversity in this place .	place	positive
it was a pretty quiet night so the service was pretty fast .	service	positive
i highly encourage any animal enthusiast to come here .	animal	positive
customer service is outstanding .	customer service	positive
the only upside was the beer was very reasonably priced for happy hour .	beer	positive
the only upside was the beer was very reasonably priced for happy hour .	priced	positive
these apartments are under new management and not for the better .	apartments	negative
guys you can trust with your vehicle ... they are soooo honest and friendly .	guys	positive
guys you can trust with your vehicle ... they are soooo honest and friendly .	vehicle	positive
food was spectacular .	food	positive
i like the coffee and my wife likes the ice tea .	coffee	positive
i like the coffee and my wife likes the ice tea .	ice tea	positive
our server made great suggestions .	server	positive
delicious salads too .	salads	positive
worst place ever .	place	negative
the only soda they have is coke .	soda	negative
the only soda they have is coke .	coke	negative
some of the worst donuts i ever had .	donuts	negative
amazing sports memorabilia .	sports memorabilia	positive
ranch is delicious .	ranch	positive
the staff is always very helpful about choosing the perfect wine .	staff	positive
the staff is always very helpful about choosing the perfect wine .	wine	positive
lively bar scene .	bar scene	positive
there is a real family feel here !	family feel	positive
all together this was just terrible service ... .	service	negative
the staff is great and bartenders know their stuff .	staff	positive
the staff is great and bartenders know their stuff .	bartenders	positive
this was my visit time at this venue and it was a great experience .	venue	positive
margaritas were also great as well !	margaritas	positive
so i filled up on bread , which was good .	bread	positive
the place is set up nice .	place	positive
none of the employees wanted to be there .	employees	negative
the staff & attendants were pleasant & helpful .	staff	positive
the staff & attendants were pleasant & helpful .	attendants	positive
the family loved it and we 'll definitely be back .	family	positive
food was great and service very fast .	food	positive
food was great and service very fast .	service	positive
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .	seasonings	negative
they got the job done quickly and the quality of the work is fantastic .	job	positive
they got the job done quickly and the quality of the work is fantastic .	quality	positive
i actually enjoy going to the dentist !	dentist	positive
had the dino 's bbq pizza with pulled pork - phenomenal !	dino 's bbq pizza with	positive
i thought this was awful and the cashier was a unfriendly .	cashier	negative
china china is my favorite chinese restaurant in mesa .	china china	positive
sushi was fresh , flavorful and just right .	sushi	positive
the wings are awesome too !	wings	positive
the salad was bland except for the taste of bad tomato .	salad	negative
the salad was bland except for the taste of bad tomato .	taste	negative
the salad was bland except for the taste of bad tomato .	tomato	negative
i got a green chili burrito and megan got a carne asada burrito .	green chili burrito	positive
i got a green chili burrito and megan got a carne asada burrito .	megan	positive
i got a green chili burrito and megan got a carne asada burrito .	carne asada burrito	positive
last time we were there we also tried the ribs and they are excellent .	ribs	positive
service was great .	service	positive
is this the best food i 've ever had in phoenix ?	food	positive
this place beats subway any day .	place	positive
one thing is for sure -- they 'll be my jeweler for life !	jeweler	positive
we love the authentic food and amazing groceries you ca n't find anywhere else !	food	positive
we love the authentic food and amazing groceries you ca n't find anywhere else !	groceries	positive
the manager refused to make more reservations , i 'm really disappointed .	manager	negative
the manager refused to make more reservations , i 'm really disappointed .	reservations	negative
i would give this funeral home and rob the highest score possible .	funeral	positive
the good it 's always good and the service is tops .	service	positive
customer service is just always awful .	customer service	negative
tottie rolls are awesome as well .	tottie rolls	positive
i saw her name mentioned at least once , and yes she 's awful .	name	negative
food is excellent and the experience is unique .	food	positive
fill out their necessary paperwork and see that the place is relatively empty .	paperwork	negative
fill out their necessary paperwork and see that the place is relatively empty .	place	negative
their chicken kabobs are delicious and so are their gyros .	chicken kabobs	positive
their chicken kabobs are delicious and so are their gyros .	gyros	positive
i love love love the california burrito !	california burrito	positive
once again i have had the best experience with this company and dr. hall .	company	positive
a great new york style pizza that 's great for delivery .	pizza	positive
a great new york style pizza that 's great for delivery .	delivery	positive
we got a small red sauce with pepperoni and mushrooms .	red sauce with pepperoni and mushrooms	positive
the salsa is yummy , and they have great chips .	salsa	positive
the salsa is yummy , and they have great chips .	chips	positive
best service in the valley !	service	positive
i love the setup of the patio and how open it is .	setup	positive
i love the setup of the patio and how open it is .	patio	positive
it looks good from the outside , but my room was a mess .	room	negative
they did not even comp our meal which had turned into a disaster .	meal	negative
the waiter was distracted with side conversations with the kitchen staff .	waiter	negative
the waiter was distracted with side conversations with the kitchen staff .	kitchen staff	negative
small little place , good beer , but i would n't recommend it .	place	negative
small little place , good beer , but i would n't recommend it .	beer	positive
i came in specifically for the ginger mahi and they no longer offer it .	ginger mahi	negative
love this place !	place	positive
quite honestly , we were shocked to receive such excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
you can tell that service is a priority .	service	positive
all of the different flavors were very fresh and unique !	flavors	positive
great fresh food .	fresh food	positive
food was just as amazing as the service !	food	positive
food was just as amazing as the service !	service	positive
sammy is the man !	sammy	positive
but my favorite are their calzones !	calzones	positive
this sucks because i like the food and love the staff at _num_ peaks .	food	positive
this sucks because i like the food and love the staff at _num_ peaks .	staff	positive
auto service and customer service was excellent .	auto service	positive
auto service and customer service was excellent .	customer service	positive
happy hour is amazing , the portions are full size !	portions	positive
the food tastes so horrible they should at least provide that .	food	negative
the bagel itself was the big disappointment .	bagel	negative
i would say just an okay hotel , not great .	hotel	negative
i loved the pink parlor look .	pink parlor look	positive
they make a roasted green chili salsa that is amazing .	roasted green chili salsa	positive
the serving size are limited on the salsa and guacamole .	serving size	negative
the serving size are limited on the salsa and guacamole .	salsa	negative
the serving size are limited on the salsa and guacamole .	guacamole	negative
we spent so much money and all our orders were wrong .	money	negative
we spent so much money and all our orders were wrong .	orders	negative
next the food ... rattlesnake was no different from popcorn chicken .	food	negative
next the food ... rattlesnake was no different from popcorn chicken .	rattlesnake	negative
next the food ... rattlesnake was no different from popcorn chicken .	popcorn chicken	negative
this place is welcoming and just wonderful really .	place	positive
the staff is hit and miss , sometimes friendly sometimes not .	staff	positive
great location .	location	positive
i do not recommend taking your pet here .	pet	negative
the green chile chowder is so so so good .	green chile chowder	positive
she made my horrible brown hair look beautiful again .	hair	negative
rachel g. did an amazing job on my little dude 's cut .	cut	positive
the food was great .	food	positive
i would not recommend this place .	place	negative
finally good mexican food .	mexican food	positive
the worst management ever , especially the boss lady .	management	negative
the worst management ever , especially the boss lady .	boss lady	negative
spend your money somewhere else !	money	negative
oh , the sandwich does come with stale potato chips , too .	sandwich	negative
oh , the sandwich does come with stale potato chips , too .	potato chips	negative
the food was outstanding .	food	positive
awesome pizza and matt is the best !	pizza	positive
excellent service !	service	positive
this service is great .	service	positive
great place to order takeout .	takeout	positive
this is the worst golf course i 've ever played on .	golf course	negative
some of these were designer pieces .	designer pieces	negative
the cheese is very fresh and not overwhelming .	cheese	positive
the worst service i 've ever had !	service	negative
great vibe , energy and food .	vibe	positive
great vibe , energy and food .	energy	positive
great vibe , energy and food .	food	positive
please do yourself a favor and visit this diamond in the rough .	diamond	positive
you are going to stand in line , but it 's worth the wait .	wait	positive
this is unacceptable considering we did have a reservation !	reservation	negative
absolutely delicious , and it was only $ _num_ or somewhere in that neighborhood .	neighborhood	positive
it 's a big salad & so full of flavor .	salad	positive
it 's a big salad & so full of flavor .	flavor	positive
the best roll they have is the cj roll .	roll	positive
the best roll they have is the cj roll .	cj roll	positive
the food was amazing , fresh , and so nice that it was organic .	food	positive
place is a real treat and very much worth the visit !	place	positive
tony is a very good dentist .	dentist	positive
the bread is amazing .	bread	positive
superb chicken caesar pasta salad .	chicken caesar pasta salad	positive
lalibela just has about a dozen or so meat and vegetable dishes .	lalibela	positive
lalibela just has about a dozen or so meat and vegetable dishes .	meat	positive
lalibela just has about a dozen or so meat and vegetable dishes .	vegetable dishes	positive
priced right for food and experience .	priced	positive
priced right for food and experience .	food	positive
i love to take my company on a dolly steamboat cruise .	dolly steamboat	positive
for your own safety do not go to the bathroom here .	bathroom	negative
the staff @ canine preferred were phenomenal !	staff @	positive
the service was fast yet professional .	service	positive
he is up front and honest about the situation .	situation	positive
great pizza .	pizza	positive
the staff was nothing but amazing !	staff	positive
chris was great !	chris	positive
food was great and could tell it was freshly cooked .	food	positive
great meal and excellent service .	meal	positive
great meal and excellent service .	service	positive
you definitely have to try this place !	place	positive
any other time the service is good .	service	positive
it 's a great local breakfast and brunch and not pricey at all !	breakfast	positive
it 's a great local breakfast and brunch and not pricey at all !	brunch	positive
good wings are crispy , they need to keep them in the fryer longer .	wings	positive
this was my first meal in tempe , recommended by our hotel concierge .	meal	positive
bread / toast was below par and over buttered .	bread / toast	negative
not `` the best of phoenix classics '' as the menu says .	menu	positive
the service was really good and everyone was very friendly .	service	positive
a very nice dining experience .	dining experience	positive
the atmosphere was fabulous and the staff was great .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere was fabulous and the staff was great .	staff	positive
honestly if i could , i would give this location _num_ stars .	location	positive
in any restaurant the food should be number _num_ .	food	negative
friendly staff .	staff	positive
and the fried tofu was amazing .	fried tofu	positive
fabulous burgers , great sandwiches and surprisingly good salads .	burgers	positive
fabulous burgers , great sandwiches and surprisingly good salads .	sandwiches	positive
fabulous burgers , great sandwiches and surprisingly good salads .	salads	positive
i 've now been twice and absolutely thrilled with the results .	results	positive
salad and pizza are excellent .	salad	positive
salad and pizza are excellent .	pizza	positive
the food is great as well .	food	positive
and here 's the absolute worst -- there 's no bathrooms .	bathrooms	negative
we had stuffed quesadillas for appetizers that were absolutely delicious !	stuffed quesadillas	positive
we had stuffed quesadillas for appetizers that were absolutely delicious !	appetizers	positive
simple yet so difficult for this coffee house .	coffee house	negative
my problem is primarily the staff .	staff	negative
the martini 's are special priced and the appetizers are very yummy .	martini 's	positive
the martini 's are special priced and the appetizers are very yummy .	priced	positive
the martini 's are special priced and the appetizers are very yummy .	appetizers	positive
i got an italian combo and it was amazing .	italian combo	positive
great service and excellent repairs .	service	positive
great service and excellent repairs .	repairs	positive
the eggs were cooked well , but the chorizo tasted off .	eggs	positive
the eggs were cooked well , but the chorizo tasted off .	chorizo	negative
_num_ mins goes by and we try to find our waitress .	waitress	negative
this place is absolutely horrible .	place	negative
views of camelback mountain and a staff that knew what they were doing .	views	positive
views of camelback mountain and a staff that knew what they were doing .	camelback	positive
views of camelback mountain and a staff that knew what they were doing .	staff	positive
the pizza looked and tasted like it had been sitting out for an hour .	pizza	negative
no berries !	berries	negative
great staff as well .	staff	positive
great food and a nice selection of beer and wine .	food	positive
great food and a nice selection of beer and wine .	selection of beer	positive
there were only a few free tables and they were taken .	tables	negative
very nice manicured course .	course	positive
the best service in town , very reasonably priced !	service	positive
the best service in town , very reasonably priced !	priced	positive
as far as hotels go i would rate it as very good to excellent .	hotels	positive
for the main course i selected the exotic mushroom pan fry .	main course	positive
for the main course i selected the exotic mushroom pan fry .	exotic mushroom pan fry	positive
a deep fried catfish in a sweet / spicy sauce .	deep fried catfish in a sweet / spicy sauce	positive
the food was below average which was very disappointing .	food	negative
lots of good memories at this place .	memories	positive
lots of good memories at this place .	place	positive
great thin crust pizza !	thin crust pizza	positive
best sushi in town !	sushi	positive
he 's a professional manager thinking of the customer first good job !	customer	positive
they did a fantastic job on our wedding cake .	wedding cake	positive
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	cheesecake	negative
also , the service is polite , knowledgeable and friendly .	service	positive
excellent food especially the duck breast and beef wellington .	food	positive
excellent food especially the duck breast and beef wellington .	duck breast	positive
excellent food especially the duck breast and beef wellington .	beef wellington	positive
my personal favorite is the the bird omelette .	bird omelette	positive
this was on a saturday evening at _num_ pm but this place was dead .	place	negative
excellent food , service , and prices .	food	positive
excellent food , service , and prices .	service	positive
excellent food , service , and prices .	prices	positive
store needs better staffing to accommodate lunch hours .	store	negative
store needs better staffing to accommodate lunch hours .	staffing	negative
store needs better staffing to accommodate lunch hours .	lunch	negative
love their food .	food	positive
i was also surprised with the portion of the quesadilla !	portion	positive
i was also surprised with the portion of the quesadilla !	quesadilla	positive
my waiter needed training in basic portions .	waiter	positive
the doctor was knowledgeable and the staff is very friendly and helpful .	doctor	positive
the doctor was knowledgeable and the staff is very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
the best place around for quick italian food .	place	positive
the best place around for quick italian food .	italian food	positive
if i could rate this location negative stars i would .	location	negative
nice and friendly service , and the food is great .	service	positive
nice and friendly service , and the food is great .	food	positive
bandera is pricey but worth it .	bandera	negative
they have amazing prosciutto .	prosciutto	positive
the ricotta is divine & truly takes it to the next level .	ricotta	positive
my other complaint is there will most certainly be a wait .	wait	negative
store is nice and clean .	store	positive
outstanding customer service too .	customer service	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
the burgers are always fresh and the french fries are pretty crispy .	burgers	positive
the burgers are always fresh and the french fries are pretty crispy .	french fries	positive
good portions ; nice atmosphere .	portions	positive
good portions ; nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i 'm comparing it to other seafood restaurants period .	seafood	negative
the service was amazing .	service	positive
great stuff .	stuff	positive
sweet potato fries were tasty and maybe the best french dip i 've had .	sweet potato fries	positive
sweet potato fries were tasty and maybe the best french dip i 've had .	french dip	positive
phenomenal food , phenomenal service .	food	positive
phenomenal food , phenomenal service .	service	positive
so tempe camera robbed me again after their and my equipment was stolen !	tempe camera	negative
so tempe camera robbed me again after their and my equipment was stolen !	equipment	negative
everything we ate we could n't really taste because of all the salt .	salt	negative
good service although a little slow .	service	positive
great sunday morning late breakfast spot !	late breakfast spot	positive
it 's kind of like a spicy sweet and sour sauce .	spicy sweet	negative
it 's kind of like a spicy sweet and sour sauce .	sour sauce	negative
the front staff were horribly rude and unhelpful .	front staff	negative
bad bad bad customer service .	customer service	negative
beautiful building , wonderful food .	building	positive
beautiful building , wonderful food .	food	positive
the _num_ rear tires have normal wear , they are now on the front .	tires	negative
will not go back because of door man .	door man	negative
keep up the great work !	work	positive
fresh salads , balsamic dressing delicious .	fresh salads , balsamic dressing	positive
i told him the price was $ _num_ on the can .	price	negative
great prices , outstanding food , quick and polite service .	prices	positive
great prices , outstanding food , quick and polite service .	food	positive
great prices , outstanding food , quick and polite service .	service	positive
the waiter was far from personable and made us feel guilty for asking anything .	waiter	negative
the pizza was cold .	pizza	negative
the scenery is beautiful and the people who ran it were very courteous .	scenery	positive
the scenery is beautiful and the people who ran it were very courteous .	people	positive
i got the meatball sandwich and cookie .	meatball sandwich	positive
i got the meatball sandwich and cookie .	cookie	positive
i would definitely recommend alan 's air !	air	positive
i would not recommend this theater for your dining experience .	theater	negative
i would not recommend this theater for your dining experience .	dining experience	negative
gorgeous meals and excellent service !	meals	positive
gorgeous meals and excellent service !	service	positive
cooked to perfection .	cooked	positive
food was super amazing .	food	positive
hubby loved the apple strudel .	apple strudel	positive
there 's a game room for kids and kids at heart to play in .	game room	positive
i had pork shoulder carnitas with an excellent wine .	pork shoulder carnitas	positive
i had pork shoulder carnitas with an excellent wine .	wine	positive
excellent dining .	dining	positive
the owners are incredibly friendly and are always open to a good conversation .	owners	positive
this place has gone downhill very fast .	place	negative
the restaurant section is awful .	restaurant section	negative
it is rare to find a book store these days !	book	positive
what he should have asked me was what is the painting company 's name .	painting	negative
i have also seen an improvement in brown spots .	brown spots	positive
service was great !	service	positive
i should be allowed to see whatever dr .	dr	negative
everyone here is always so friendly .	everyone	positive
also , there seems to be some sort of bug problem .	bug	negative
love this place for a quick bite .	place	positive
julio g 's lunch menu offers some very delightful dishes .	lunch menu	positive
julio g 's lunch menu offers some very delightful dishes .	dishes	positive
great decor !	decor	positive
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .	menu	positive
pretty much worse experience i 've had with mcdonald 's .	mcdonald 's	negative
pork chop was the best featured item .	pork chop	positive
yet , still not the first place i 'm willing to go to .	place	negative
morris was super nice , and the price was good too !	price	positive
please please open a location further south !	location	positive
overall attitude of employees at this location was irritating .	employees	negative
overall attitude of employees at this location was irritating .	location	negative
definitely gon na be my mexican spot to go to .	mexican spot	positive
i ate my whole dinner ( slowly ) , while they were still waiting .	dinner	negative
both meals were wonderful ; plentiful and prepared to perfection .	meals	positive
the people are great to speak with and friendly .	people	positive
this apartment complex is not luxurious in any way .	apartment complex	negative
great food and excellent service during lunch .	food	positive
great food and excellent service during lunch .	service	positive
great food and excellent service during lunch .	lunch	positive
this is mine and my husbands favorite date night location .	location	positive
they substituted for another ipa , so all is well .	ipa	negative
exemplary service and delicious food .	service	positive
exemplary service and delicious food .	food	positive
the arrangements are nice looking and last a lot longer than grocery store flowers .	arrangements	positive
the arrangements are nice looking and last a lot longer than grocery store flowers .	flowers	positive
amazing late night mexican food !	mexican food	positive
she has great drink suggestions .	drink suggestions	positive
especially something as easy as an over easy or over hard fried egg .	fried egg	negative
great food , unique atmosphere , and great prices .	food	positive
great food , unique atmosphere , and great prices .	atmosphere	positive
great food , unique atmosphere , and great prices .	prices	positive
i ordered a tandoori meal combo and was stupid enough to not check it .	tandoori meal combo	negative
they will not tell the owner nor let me tell the owners name .	owner	negative
the people are nice and they do a decent job !	people	positive
alexis was not seen very often behind the bar or on the floor .	bar	negative
no attempt was made to clean the floor .	floor	negative
i ordered the egg salad on sourdough .	egg salad on sourdough	positive
horrible service !	service	negative
full of flavor .	flavor	positive
my first time trying cpk and it was amazing .	cpk	positive
ten bucks a piece , nice that they do ala carte .	ala carte	positive
lady di is the best bartender i 've ever had anywhere .	bartender	positive
the manager was so extremely rude !	manager	negative
the place feels intimate , classy and fun .	place	positive
service was good as usual !	service	positive
the food is great !	food	positive
you will always have leftovers and it taste just as good the next day .	leftovers	positive
these guys have amazing food !	food	positive
loved their portobello sandwich !	portobello sandwich	positive
thanks for a great dinner !	dinner	positive
the bartender ashley makes an amazing bloody mary !	bartender	positive
the people here are wonderful !	people	positive
no flavor , tough as shoe leather i could n't eat it .	flavor	negative
no flavor , tough as shoe leather i could n't eat it .	shoe leather	negative
# _num_ the maintenance tickets dont get done for a long time .	maintenance tickets	negative
our server was pleasant !	server	positive
this was way before they upgraded to the nice eatery it is now .	eatery	positive
not a dam sales associate greets or even help out .	dam sales associate	negative
definitely a top notch `` fast food '' mexican restaurant !	fast food	positive
definitely a top notch `` fast food '' mexican restaurant !	mexican	positive
great place to come out and shoot on the weekends !	place	positive
the food is great and the service always good .	food	positive
the food is great and the service always good .	service	positive
one lady walked out .	lady	negative
good value .	value	positive
how does this place get such good reviews i do n't get it ?	place	positive
how does this place get such good reviews i do n't get it ?	reviews	positive
i recommend all my friends and customers here .	customers	positive
they are bad news , especially their administration side .	administration	negative
so just ate at raw sushi for the first time with my new bf .	raw sushi	positive
such great employees !	employees	positive
the ones here came with a brown crust and were obviously overcooked .	crust	negative
the happy hour prices are among the best in old town .	prices	positive
it was a nice , unexpected extra .	extra	positive
i am so happy that my wife told me about this place .	place	positive
love their lox and bagel combo .	lox and bagel combo	positive
service was very , very good .	service	positive
best skate shop i 've ever visited !	skate shop	positive
this is probably my favorite seafood spot !	seafood spot	positive
the rice was disgusting .	rice	negative
as one reviewer pointed out , it tasted like bread .	bread	negative
prices are perfect , try it , you 'll like it !	prices	positive
my so will have to get his papago fix on his own .	papago fix	negative
the christmas decor this place puts up is awesome .	christmas decor	positive
walked over there for dinner - it was , of course , ridiculously crowded .	dinner	negative
needless to say i was underwhelmed by this place .	place	negative
ca n't wait to come back to watch some games and eat amazing food !	games	positive
ca n't wait to come back to watch some games and eat amazing food !	food	positive
we 'll be customers for a long time to come !	customers	negative
great corn beef hash best thing on the menu .	corn beef hash	positive
great corn beef hash best thing on the menu .	menu	positive
this is nothing but a greedy money making scam .	money	negative
absolutely awesome new mexican food .	new mexican food	positive
the menu is simple , and all your favorite dishes are there .	menu	positive
the menu is simple , and all your favorite dishes are there .	dishes	positive
my favorite deli in the valley .	deli	positive
my favorite deli in the valley .	valley	positive
this dentist is upfront with you , but will tell you like it is .	dentist	negative
the bread was sub-par as the bagel was crisp and overly salty .	bread	negative
the bread was sub-par as the bagel was crisp and overly salty .	bagel	negative
customer service is a complete joke .	customer service	negative
while the server was very nice in getting this done the burrito was horrible !	server	positive
while the server was very nice in getting this done the burrito was horrible !	burrito	negative
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
bosa does a very tasty donut .	donut	positive
excellent pizza and appetizers .	pizza	positive
excellent pizza and appetizers .	appetizers	positive
grill was off .	grill	negative
the food here is great , with a nice selection for vegetarians .	food	positive
the food here is great , with a nice selection for vegetarians .	vegetarians	positive
this place does so much good for children in need .	place	positive
our server was friendly but inattentive and inexperienced .	server	positive
horchata is creamy and delicious .	horchata	positive
one of my favorite places in scottsdale .	places	positive
cute place but disappointing food .	place	positive
cute place but disappointing food .	food	negative
the crust had no flavor .	crust	negative
never accept the unacceptable .	unacceptable	negative
the bed they had put me in was soaked with urine .	bed	negative
great improvement !	improvement	positive
totally recommend this place if your in the mood for some mexican food .	place	positive
totally recommend this place if your in the mood for some mexican food .	mexican food	positive
i was a former staff member and he rarely would ever say hi .	staff	negative
hubby went here to get our car inspected .	car	negative
the management should teach their employees phone etiquette .	management	negative
the management should teach their employees phone etiquette .	employees phone	negative
the food is always excellent and service is great .	food	positive
the food is always excellent and service is great .	service	positive
we were extremely impressed with the atmosphere , food and service .	atmosphere	positive
we were extremely impressed with the atmosphere , food and service .	food	positive
we were extremely impressed with the atmosphere , food and service .	service	positive
the selection of hot fish and shrimp dishes were more than normal .	selection of hot fish	positive
the staff at chandler eyecare are great !	staff	positive
our travel agent did not assist a single one in booking .	travel agent	negative
great spot to frequent if you are a local , or if just visiting .	spot	positive
wasted money .	money	negative
when i got there , the service cashier was delightfully friendly .	service cashier	positive
this place was ever so fun .	place	positive
the food is really good , as well as the prices .	food	positive
the food is really good , as well as the prices .	prices	positive
and let them know that his other knee would be done elsewhere .	knee	negative
i 'm with the other reviewers : keep this in the defalco family !	defalco family	positive
very ny style italian deli .	italian deli	positive
this is got to be the worst venue i have ever been to .	venue	negative
food is solid .	food	positive
the pizza is fantastic when hot , but not great the next day .	pizza	positive
the customer service is always _num_ star .	customer service	positive
they burned my eggs .	eggs	negative
the selection is large and i especially enjoy their steaks and prime rib .	selection	positive
the selection is large and i especially enjoy their steaks and prime rib .	steaks	positive
the selection is large and i especially enjoy their steaks and prime rib .	prime rib	positive
the food at ruth 's chris is top notch .	food	positive
she has terrific taste and it shows in the store !	taste	positive
their subs are also amazing .	subs	positive
the food here is delicious !	food	positive
i 've been here a few times and i love love love their karaoke !	karaoke	positive
well , it 's not authentic mexican food , but authentic old fashioned tex-mex .	mexican food	negative
well , it 's not authentic mexican food , but authentic old fashioned tex-mex .	tex-mex	positive
so glad i found this office !	office	positive
some of the best food i 've had in arizona .	food	positive
beware , stay away , keep your money and go elsewhere .	money	negative
they do not take groupons .	groupons	negative
the waiter gave my daughter a complimentary dessert .	waiter	positive
the waiter gave my daughter a complimentary dessert .	dessert	positive
food was close to bad , service was terrible .	food	negative
food was close to bad , service was terrible .	service	negative
by the time we were done , most of the nearby shops had closed .	shops	negative
the bread is amazing .	bread	positive
i was very unhappy with the service i received on january _num_ .	service	negative
sweet and sour pork and beef with broccoli is outstanding .	sour pork	positive
sweet and sour pork and beef with broccoli is outstanding .	beef with broccoli	positive
the soup was so bad nobody would eat it .	soup	negative
the egg foo young however was the worst i have ever tasted .	egg foo	negative
it was a goat patch .	goat patch	negative
the blue corn enchiladas are delicious and the carne asada was perfect .	blue corn enchiladas	positive
the blue corn enchiladas are delicious and the carne asada was perfect .	carne asada	positive
from _num_ to _num_ the place has gone to pot .	place	positive
staff friendly and efficient .	staff	positive
in town on business and got a personal pepperoni and mushroom pizza to go .	personal pepperoni	positive
in town on business and got a personal pepperoni and mushroom pizza to go .	mushroom pizza	positive
their red salsa was spicy and addicting .	red salsa	positive
i requested a fresh bowl of rice & explained the problem .	bowl of rice	negative
and the fish taco is in a class by itself .	fish taco	positive
the drive thru is beyond slow .	drive thru	negative
i avoid this place whenever possible .	place	negative
my husband and i love this place .	place	positive
this was are great dinner service was out standing .	dinner service	positive
his service is really as good as it gets !	service	positive
great place to live for families or older people .	place	positive
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .	bite	negative
i guess it does n't take long to cook a rare steak .	steak	positive
this is a cute , tiny museum stuffed full of historical scottsdale artifacts .	scottsdale	positive
amazing job with a black skirt i brought in .	skirt	positive
very good food .	food	positive
probably the worst mexican food i have ever had .	mexican food	negative
dim lights with interesting paintings on the walls .	dim lights	negative
dim lights with interesting paintings on the walls .	paintings	positive
i had a really enjoyable experience at papago brewing !	papago brewing	positive
pizza hut would have been better even though thats not real pizza .	pizza hut	positive
pizza hut would have been better even though thats not real pizza .	pizza	negative
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	canned tuna fish	negative
service was excellent as always .	service	positive
best ... wedding ... .	wedding	positive
the pizza is excellent and the staff is top-notch .	pizza	positive
the pizza is excellent and the staff is top-notch .	staff	positive
scottsdale children group is the best in town !	children group	positive
you will leave here happy ... great hangover food also .	food	positive
sweet oldies playing , my son always enjoys eating here .	oldies	positive
for a great dessert place i highly recommend the sugar bowl .	dessert place	positive
for a great dessert place i highly recommend the sugar bowl .	sugar bowl	positive
that 's just an amazing customer service .	customer service	positive
great job each time .	job	positive
indian spices were not strong enough ; just chicken in a red sauce .	indian spices	negative
indian spices were not strong enough ; just chicken in a red sauce .	chicken in	negative
was recommended this restaurant by family and was very disappointed .	restaurant	negative
it kills me how businesses here treat students .	businesses	negative
went into this location to drop it off .	location	positive
it certainly was n't for patient care or respect .	patient care	negative
he was approachable and took great care of my cars needs .	cars	positive
he did n't have my mt .	mt	negative
atmosphere was great !	atmosphere	positive
seriously , i want my money back .	money	positive
a nice wine bar option in scottsdale .	wine bar	positive
ordered delivery tonight .	delivery	positive
cool place , nice atmosphere , great service .	place	positive
cool place , nice atmosphere , great service .	atmosphere	positive
cool place , nice atmosphere , great service .	service	positive
the guacamole appetizer was large and fresh - excellent .	guacamole appetizer	positive
the service is pretty bad but the beer is worth it .	service	negative
the service is pretty bad but the beer is worth it .	beer	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
delivery was on time as well !	delivery	positive
the employees are so so bad .	employees	negative
always friendly and helping staff .	staff	positive
told the waitress , her response ... sorry .	waitress	negative
the dish was weak and lacked flavor .	dish	negative
the dish was weak and lacked flavor .	flavor	negative
food is always great !	food	positive
the food was exceptional and the service was phenomenal .	food	positive
the food was exceptional and the service was phenomenal .	service	positive
it is the number one place i recommend when friends come into town .	place	positive
love this store .	store	positive
what made it royal was it had caramel in it .	caramel	positive
fantastic school .	school	positive
what is extremely frustrating are the bartenders !	bartenders	negative
parking is an absolute nightmare .	parking	negative
there were 5-6 serves standing there ignoring us .	serves	negative
friendly nice staff !	staff	positive
the friendly staff is the main reason i keep returning to this location .	staff	positive
the friendly staff is the main reason i keep returning to this location .	location	positive
this mobile battery truck is not service i trust .	mobile battery truck	negative
this mobile battery truck is not service i trust .	service	negative
the salads we ok garden salad nothing special .	salads	positive
the salads we ok garden salad nothing special .	garden salad	positive
the food was too spicy to enjoy .	food	negative
$ _num_ for _num_ watered down drinks .	drinks	positive
quick and affordable service .	service	positive
always a fun crowd with an ultra lounge feel .	crowd	positive
went in to brake masters scottsdale and they inspected the vehicle right away .	brake	positive
very good thai food at a reasonable price .	thai food	positive
very good thai food at a reasonable price .	price	positive
place got packed so quick .	place	negative
no package service -- website says they will accept packages .	package service	negative
um , longest and most awkward pedicure of my life .	pedicure	negative
tasty food , classy atmosphere and live music on weekends .	food	positive
tasty food , classy atmosphere and live music on weekends .	atmosphere	positive
tasty food , classy atmosphere and live music on weekends .	live music	positive
, and crispy chicken with thai basil .	crispy chicken with thai basil	positive
speaking of the food here the quality has gone way down .	food	negative
speaking of the food here the quality has gone way down .	quality	negative
i recently changed my card so they were n't charging me .	card	negative
the salsa is watery and nasty .	salsa	negative
vary bad customer service for delivery .	customer service	negative
vary bad customer service for delivery .	delivery	negative
from what we hear , this place is usually very busy .	place	negative
i highly recommend smiley nails for your weekly or vacation nail salon needs !	smiley nails	positive
i highly recommend smiley nails for your weekly or vacation nail salon needs !	nail	positive
good food but stay close to the bathroom !	food	positive
good food but stay close to the bathroom !	bathroom	positive
8:30 am apt for new crown , thanks to the holidays !	crown	positive
unfortunately , we also ordered cannoli .	cannoli	negative
i really like this sports bar .	sports bar	positive
great maki sushi , the rolls are very tasty and the portions are generous .	maki sushi	positive
great maki sushi , the rolls are very tasty and the portions are generous .	rolls	positive
great maki sushi , the rolls are very tasty and the portions are generous .	portions	positive
the waitress was a little friendlier , but not much .	waitress	negative
best baseball memorabilia this side of cooperstown .	baseball memorabilia	positive
i got stomach upset after i ate their carne asada burrito .	carne asada burrito	negative
so helpful in renting us perfect bikes for exploring mesa .	bikes	positive
so helpful in renting us perfect bikes for exploring mesa .	mesa	positive
the waiter never came back , never offered coffee , dessert or anything .	waiter	negative
the waiter never came back , never offered coffee , dessert or anything .	coffee	negative
the waiter never came back , never offered coffee , dessert or anything .	dessert	negative
i got the monster burrito , and was full for most of the day .	monster burrito	positive
the best is their chicken salad sandwich !	chicken salad sandwich	positive
love the delicious sandwiches here , they are fresh and tasty .	sandwiches	positive
for the price , it was certainly filling and enjoyable .	price	positive
great customer service and price .	customer service	positive
great customer service and price .	price	positive
but the reviews are correct , the drink prices are ridiculous .	reviews	negative
but the reviews are correct , the drink prices are ridiculous .	drink prices	negative
my nachos , however , were inedible !	nachos	negative
they should not charge so much for sub-par seats .	seats	negative
i was completely disappointed with the customer service from the car wash technicians .	customer service	negative
i was completely disappointed with the customer service from the car wash technicians .	car wash technicians	negative
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	seat	positive
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	seat	positive
good nightly specials .	nightly specials	positive
green chile appetizer is unique and the big ass burger is phenomenal .	green chile appetizer	positive
green chile appetizer is unique and the big ass burger is phenomenal .	big ass burger	positive
this goes very well with the best bloody mary 's in town , spicy !	bloody mary 's	positive
would recommend mark to anyone looking for a quality cut .	quality cut	positive
the presentation was also excellent .	presentation	positive
i got the garden vegetable enchiladas and they were so delicious !	garden vegetable enchiladas	positive
horrible job on nails and toes .	job	negative
there prices are great .	prices	positive
we have great service and enjoy the ambiance .	service	positive
we have great service and enjoy the ambiance .	ambiance	positive
nothing but ultra thin cardboard ... ... .	cardboard	positive
then , we were served a salad that soggy .	salad	negative
had the fish special and it was amazing .	fish special	positive
my favorite ny style pizza spot in the east valley .	pizza spot	positive
the food , the service and the exceptional ambiance .	food	positive
the food , the service and the exceptional ambiance .	service	positive
the food , the service and the exceptional ambiance .	ambiance	positive
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !	drunken noodles	negative
ingredients diversity was not also available .	ingredients diversity	negative
amazing restaurant .	restaurant	positive
love the meats and salads , and of course , the rice .	meats	positive
love the meats and salads , and of course , the rice .	rice	positive
service was prompt and very friendly .	service	positive
the mai thai was pretty strong but good .	mai thai	positive
and had to beg for chips and salsa .	chips	negative
and had to beg for chips and salsa .	salsa	negative
my food did n't take long .	food	negative
the sandwiches are really good , and the asian bowls are as well good .	sandwiches	positive
the sandwiches are really good , and the asian bowls are as well good .	asian bowls	positive
however , we no longer go to this location , and for good reason .	location	negative
great location in the heart of old town .	location	positive
even when packed the food and service has always been on point .	food	positive
even when packed the food and service has always been on point .	service	positive
exceptional food , service and cocktails .	food	positive
exceptional food , service and cocktails .	service	positive
exceptional food , service and cocktails .	cocktails	positive
great place , atmosphere our neighborhood bar .	place	positive
great place , atmosphere our neighborhood bar .	atmosphere	positive
great place , atmosphere our neighborhood bar .	bar	positive
awesome place ... well worth the trip !	place	positive
the best place to get a steak , anywhere .	steak	positive
great service by tina !	service	positive
the staff was friendly and attentive .	staff	positive
blueberry cheesecake topped off the excellent service !	blueberry cheesecake	positive
blueberry cheesecake topped off the excellent service !	service	positive
great resort !	resort	positive
a complete insult to italian cuisine .	italian cuisine	negative
i agree with two of the other reviewers - this place is horrible .	place	negative
definitely looking forward to coming back for future shows & events here !	shows	positive
i had a fever and could n't get warm .	fever	negative
the steak was cut very thick for flank steak and was pretty chewy .	steak	negative
the steak was cut very thick for flank steak and was pretty chewy .	flank steak	negative
the friendly staff made my birthday dinner a very memorable night .	friendly staff	positive
everywhere else in the store is hit or miss on customer service .	customer service	negative
very cool vibe i got from being here .	vibe	positive
also my dr was pretty awesome you do not really see them much though !	dr	positive
but today was a whole different ball of wax !	ball of wax	positive
service today was terrible .	service	negative
i explained that the cake was pink .	cake	negative
i then ordered blueberry pancakes and my husband ordered blueberry waffles .	blueberry pancakes	positive
i then ordered blueberry pancakes and my husband ordered blueberry waffles .	blueberry waffles	positive
if you want to serve it family style , please ask first .	family	positive
they 're excuse was a wedding the night before .	wedding	negative
a craft beer heaven .	craft beer heaven	positive
i definitely recommend the strawberry lemonade !	strawberry lemonade	positive
there are definitely better mexican food restaurants in chandler .	mexican food	positive
loved this place !	place	positive
the staff is always friendly and competent on the phone and in person .	staff	positive
my pedicure was mediocre at best .	pedicure	negative
also their check-out process seems less than efficient .	check-out process	negative
the outdoor patio is sooo nice !	outdoor patio	positive
we got nachos with beef , guacamole , and baja sauce .	nachos with beef	positive
we got nachos with beef , guacamole , and baja sauce .	guacamole	positive
we got nachos with beef , guacamole , and baja sauce .	baja sauce	positive
my family and i will be back .	family	positive
i do not recommend this bar and will definitely not be going back myself .	bar	negative
avoid this location at all costs .	location	negative
the buffet in the morning is worth the price .	buffet	positive
the buffet in the morning is worth the price .	price	positive
i ordered the `` hatch '' omelette , and it was very good .	hatch	positive
the broasted chicken is wonderful !	broasted chicken	positive
definitely a return spot for whenever i 'm in the area .	return spot	positive
definitely a return spot for whenever i 'm in the area .	area	negative
all three of us ordered the lobster and shrimp summer salad .	lobster and shrimp summer salad	positive
thrifty ice cream is available and always delicious along with some assorted candy .	ice cream	positive
thrifty ice cream is available and always delicious along with some assorted candy .	assorted candy	positive
lastly , my nails look horrible !	nails	negative
authentic food .	food	positive
a nice quiet place to take someone special .	place	positive
the carne asada and guacamole is so good !	carne asada and guacamole	positive
the new renovation makes it hip , classy and fun !	renovation	positive
the service is always good , and the atmosphere is pleasant .	service	positive
the service is always good , and the atmosphere is pleasant .	atmosphere	positive
we decided to still try it and the food was not good at all .	food	negative
go to bavarian point instead .	bavarian point	negative
the staff was very friendly but the food was incredibly bland .	staff	positive
the staff was very friendly but the food was incredibly bland .	food	negative
love this place , they have the best vodka sauce in town .	place	positive
love this place , they have the best vodka sauce in town .	vodka sauce	positive
the food and service was excellent .	food	positive
the food and service was excellent .	service	positive
cool lounge atmosphere with great music and good drinks .	lounge atmosphere	positive
cool lounge atmosphere with great music and good drinks .	music	positive
cool lounge atmosphere with great music and good drinks .	drinks	positive
it 's not that hard to make a fresh margarita !	margarita	negative
the food is as bad as all the reviews here say .	food	negative
priceline gave this a _num_ star rating .	priceline	positive
overall it 's a nice neighborhood pub .	neighborhood pub	positive
left _num_ days before next billing period .	billing period	negative
customer service especially today was excellent .	customer service	positive
loved the process from start to finish .	process	positive
great steaks !	steaks	positive
american cuisine seems to be flavored primarily with salt , fat and sugar .	salt	positive
american cuisine seems to be flavored primarily with salt , fat and sugar .	fat	positive
american cuisine seems to be flavored primarily with salt , fat and sugar .	sugar	positive
the girl 's up front are very nice .	girl	positive
he has a passion for hair and truly enjoys what he does .	hair	positive
she never even came back to give me a bill .	bill	negative
it was almost _num_ o'clock before our food came !	food	positive
my corona was $ _num_ and the bud lights were $ _num_ .	corona	positive
my corona was $ _num_ and the bud lights were $ _num_ .	bud lights	positive
i 'm paying a lot of money for the wrong order .	order	negative
everything on the menu that i 've had has been great .	menu	positive
the service was great -- as it should be because the place was dead .	service	positive
best pizza hands down .	pizza	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
the ladies at this location were sweet and welcoming .	ladies	positive
the ladies at this location were sweet and welcoming .	location	positive
rude service .	service	negative
place is horrible and entire staff is clueless including their mechanics .	place	negative
place is horrible and entire staff is clueless including their mechanics .	staff	negative
place is horrible and entire staff is clueless including their mechanics .	mechanics	negative
i bought the package of _num_ , so im hoping for great results !	package	positive
i bought the package of _num_ , so im hoping for great results !	results	positive
the spanish cuisine is very much americanized .	spanish cuisine	positive
i love this kind of service .	service	positive
frankly , their food is n't tasty enough to warrant the risk .	food	negative
the sales practices are pretty typical of a dealer .	sales practices	negative
came in for my birthday dinner and had a fantastic time .	dinner	positive
we love this place .	place	positive
this is a fantastic spot for views & a healthy lunch !	spot	positive
this is a fantastic spot for views & a healthy lunch !	views	positive
this is a fantastic spot for views & a healthy lunch !	lunch	positive
the server did n't charge me at least but oh my goodness .	server	negative
the chicken piccata had almost no lemon flavor .	chicken piccata	negative
i bought two steaks , four bacon wrapped jalapeos and two twice baked potatoes .	steaks	positive
i bought two steaks , four bacon wrapped jalapeos and two twice baked potatoes .	bacon wrapped jalapeos	positive
the music on the weekends adds to the appeal .	music	positive
the bill was $ _num_ for _num_ adults and _num_ kids .	bill	positive
the bill was $ _num_ for _num_ adults and _num_ kids .	adults	positive
he looked at my refrigerator and immediately found the problem .	refrigerator	negative
prices were reasonable as well !	prices	positive
unfortunately i made the decision to try this place out .	place	negative
they have pretty good bands and decent food .	bands	positive
they have pretty good bands and decent food .	food	positive
fun atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
he should look & see that my teeth are being destroyed without surgery !	teeth	negative
but the service sucks .	service	negative
this is the nicest place ever .	place	positive
for fear of food poisoning , i did n't eat it .	food	negative
with waters and those meals the total was $ _num_ .	waters	positive
with waters and those meals the total was $ _num_ .	meals	negative
excellent happy hour !	happy	positive
i like gammage , but i feel like i wasted $ _num_ .	gammage	positive
he did n't want rice so he got vegetables .	rice	negative
he did n't want rice so he got vegetables .	vegetables	negative
good solid breakfast choice .	breakfast choice	positive
excellent food and service .	food	positive
excellent food and service .	service	positive
this place is terrible .	place	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
will say the staff was friendly though .	staff	positive
great family place with tons of options .	family place	positive
the rest of the staff seemed friendly as well .	staff	positive
the service starts at bad and goes downhill from there .	service	negative
management is poor , and i will be filing complaint with az health dept .	management	negative
i had some great whole grain toast w/ it .	grain toast	positive
this place could be amazing , but it just is n't .	place	negative
i will definitely be back in the future for more fun times .	times	positive
great family restaurant .	family restaurant	positive
first , as mentioned , the steak was not cooked correctly .	steak	negative
best tasting cake i have ever had from a bakery !	cake	positive
service was great too .	service	positive
rude , pushy , and way over priced !	priced	negative
i did not get an upscale steakhouse vibe at all .	steakhouse vibe	negative
very cozy and dimly lit place .	place	positive
we enjoyed the chicken & rib entree , prime rib and the chicken sandwich .	chicken & rib entree	positive
we enjoyed the chicken & rib entree , prime rib and the chicken sandwich .	prime rib	positive
our house looks great !	house	positive
they should be more worried about their reputation .	reputation	negative
that 's very expensive for chicken kabob .	chicken kabob	negative
very good service .	service	positive
mary ann at the bar is a true professional and knows her stuff .	bar	positive
the food tastes so good !	food	positive
giving this location _num_ star only because yelp required it to post my review .	location	positive
kelly our waitress was amazing !	waitress	positive
i do not smoke .	smoke	negative
even helped us create a custom designed lift from garage door parts .	lift	positive
even helped us create a custom designed lift from garage door parts .	garage door parts	positive
service at this location was friendly , and it was kept immaculately clean !	service	positive
service at this location was friendly , and it was kept immaculately clean !	location	positive
good food cheap nice staff .	food	positive
good food cheap nice staff .	staff	positive
best indian food i 've had anywhere in phoenix to date .	indian food	positive
it 's a nice mom and pop store .	mom	positive
great value .	value	positive
- poor customer service .	customer service	negative
excellent steaks , wine , and choices of bourbon .	steaks	positive
excellent steaks , wine , and choices of bourbon .	wine	positive
excellent steaks , wine , and choices of bourbon .	choices of bourbon	positive
i would not recommend getting a season pass as there is virtually no benefit !	season pass	negative
get my order right , and b . )	order	positive
staff is extremely friendly and service is top notch .	staff	positive
staff is extremely friendly and service is top notch .	service	positive
when the correct food came it was just ok.	food	negative
this is not new mexican food .	mexican food	negative
perfect place to bring the family and sit on the deck watching planes .	planes	positive
we just had lunch the food was very good .	lunch	positive
we just had lunch the food was very good .	food	positive
great food .	food	positive
run to another dry cleaner !	dry cleaner	positive
the best dentist i 've had .	dentist	positive
overall , this will be a waste of your time and money .	money	negative
go enjoy the food and atmosphere .	food	positive
go enjoy the food and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i will never recommend this gym to anyone .	gym	negative
horrible service .	service	negative
so ... nobody likes having to take your ride in to get serviced .	ride	negative
so ... nobody likes having to take your ride in to get serviced .	serviced	negative
the reviews were _num_ out of _num_ .	reviews	positive
then ordered chips and salsa ; we 've had better .	chips and salsa	positive
she was the sweetest and helped my mom pick her dress .	dress	positive
sushi kee on power road is spot on !	sushi kee on power road	positive
a very nice place to relax and be pampered .	place	positive
my friends and i stopped at rosa 's for lunch after golf .	lunch	positive
shady sales people and owners does n't care .	sales people	negative
shady sales people and owners does n't care .	owners	negative
not an easy job but they made it !	job	negative
the bug juice is delicious !	bug juice	positive
the avocado slices on the salad were not ripe and were rock hard .	avocado slices	negative
this one is right by my house so i frequent it a lot .	house	positive
the grounds and surroundings are beautiful .	grounds	positive
the grounds and surroundings are beautiful .	surroundings	positive
greatest tailor in scottsdale !	tailor	positive
our server was very nice but she got basic things wrong .	server	positive
the only thing that was good were my scrambled eggs .	scrambled eggs	positive
great dive bar in old town !	dive bar	positive
service was top-notch and atmosphere was great !	service	positive
service was top-notch and atmosphere was great !	atmosphere	positive
this doctor , staff and hygienist are amazing !	doctor	positive
this doctor , staff and hygienist are amazing !	staff	positive
great crust and hearty pizza .	crust	positive
great crust and hearty pizza .	pizza	positive
it 's jus a fun place .	place	positive
best burrito ever !	burrito	positive
twice our rooms were n't cleaned .	rooms	negative
the california roll was delicious with the big pieces of crab !	california roll	positive
the california roll was delicious with the big pieces of crab !	pieces of crab	positive
thanks for the good customer service .	customer service	positive
it 's ... like heaven ... on pizza .	pizza	positive
the food , the service , the atmosphere - all great !	food	positive
the food , the service , the atmosphere - all great !	service	positive
the food , the service , the atmosphere - all great !	atmosphere	positive
the food was n't even good enough for the prices you are charged .	food	negative
the food was n't even good enough for the prices you are charged .	prices	negative
thanks cvs .	cvs	positive
i felt a little like i 'd been put in the back _num_ .	back _num_	negative
inside is totally fine .	inside	positive
it will be worth the wait !	wait	positive
fresh sea food is what makes a sea food restaurant in the desert .	fresh sea food	positive
fresh sea food is what makes a sea food restaurant in the desert .	sea food	positive
this is a beautiful venue , like a smaller and nicer gammage .	venue	positive
service is great , good wine selection and great happy hour in the bar .	service	positive
service is great , good wine selection and great happy hour in the bar .	wine selection	positive
service is great , good wine selection and great happy hour in the bar .	bar	positive
something that even a chinese takeout place should not be able to mess up .	chinese takeout place	positive
cool little biker bar with awesome bartenders !	biker bar	positive
cool little biker bar with awesome bartenders !	bartenders	positive
do not i repeat do not go to this location !	location	negative
best calzones in az .	calzones	positive
decent prices .	prices	positive
they could barely get the car doors open .	car doors	negative
very competitive and friendly games .	games	positive
got the fried buttermilk chicken , wow !	fried buttermilk chicken	positive
a very fun bar to be at .	bar	positive
cheap bread to fill up on .	bread	positive
yummy pico de gallo , blt , caprese , salted , chopped and loved !	pico de gallo , blt , caprese , salted	positive
the portions were ginormous , and the flavors rich and clean .	portions	positive
the portions were ginormous , and the flavors rich and clean .	flavors	positive
the restaurant in general was not very clean .	restaurant	negative
is n't that their job ?	job	negative
i really liked their customer service .	customer service	positive
we went in with a groupon for lunch as a first time customer .	groupon	positive
we went in with a groupon for lunch as a first time customer .	lunch	positive
highly recommended based off of customer service !	customer service	positive
i 'd recommend their nachos too !	nachos	positive
most businesses understand that without the customer , the business would n't exist .	customer	negative
no hummus etc for _num_ bucks .	hummus etc for _num_ bucks	negative
the quality of mani / pedi just was n't there for me .	quality of mani / pedi	negative
bigger bowls please .	bowls	negative
great customer service !	customer service	positive
got carry out and even the customer service over the phone was excellent .	customer service	positive
the food was good .	food	positive
service was wonderful too !	service	positive
lots of dust and old merchandise .	dust	negative
lots of dust and old merchandise .	merchandise	negative
i am so happy to have found this great mechanic .	mechanic	positive
definitely a place to keep in mind .	place	positive
great service and nice people .	service	positive
great service and nice people .	people	positive
i love how they have the in store special meal too !	special meal	positive
but the meat was very tasty with the extra sauce .	meat	positive
but the meat was very tasty with the extra sauce .	extra sauce	positive
this will be hard to top so new go to sushi place .	sushi place	negative
ca n't wait to try the dinner show , it sounds amazing !	dinner show	positive
i had a veggie burro and hubby had cheese enchiladas .	veggie burro	positive
i had a veggie burro and hubby had cheese enchiladas .	cheese enchiladas	positive
very unhappy with this place .	place	negative
we were all very happy with our food and service .	food	positive
we were all very happy with our food and service .	service	positive
i ca n't really describe the vehicles other than they were absolutely gorgeous .	vehicles	positive
the cilantro based salsa and hot sauce compliment the machaca wonderfully .	cilantro based salsa	positive
the cilantro based salsa and hot sauce compliment the machaca wonderfully .	hot sauce	positive
the cilantro based salsa and hot sauce compliment the machaca wonderfully .	machaca	positive
amazing prices , and phil is hilarious , and made me laugh like crazy .	prices	positive
sit outside on the patio and enjoy the nice weather !	patio	positive
sit outside on the patio and enjoy the nice weather !	weather	positive
great job villa deli !	villa deli	positive
fun if you 're young and have a designated driver .	driver	positive
seriously ... best tom kha gai i 've ever had .	tom kha gai	positive
the flavors were so well blended !	flavors	positive
not a family .	family	negative
beautiful views of valley .	views of valley	positive
and the plain flour tortillas were nothing special .	plain flour tortillas	negative
then buca is for you !	buca	positive
there 's another issue : pricing .	pricing	negative
this is an amazing place for every occasion !	place	positive
the meat was just ok .	meat	negative
another couple were waiting and discussing how bad the service was as well .	service	negative
however this location is remarkable !	location	positive
the nachos always hit the spot especially after you 've been drinking .	nachos	positive
when i returned my drink had been thrown away .	drink	negative
this is the first time i brought my cat to dr. hall .	cat	positive
the service was fantastic the first night .	service	positive
the service is pretty good too .	service	positive
salsa is not hot or good .	salsa	negative
would recommend if you are looking for good new mexican food .	new mexican food	positive
the other food is great too .	food	positive
the only good thing in our combo meals was the warm cookie .	combo meals	positive
the only good thing in our combo meals was the warm cookie .	cookie	positive
they did n't do anything wrong just felt like the walmart of pet hotels .	walmart	negative
service was good and fast .	service	positive
service was bad to say the least .	service	negative
place is awesome .	place	positive
the sausage patties were pretty good but kinda thin .	sausage patties	positive
and the courses themselves were pretty nice .	courses	positive
our server was friendly , attentive and knowledgeable .	server	positive
the prices are very fair and the selection and service is outstanding .	prices	positive
the prices are very fair and the selection and service is outstanding .	service	positive
friendly staff and fast service .	staff	positive
friendly staff and fast service .	service	positive
we have had a great experience finding reasonably priced items .	priced items	positive
what a wonderful place to stay !	place	positive
thoroughly enjoy the food , and atmosphere here .	food	positive
thoroughly enjoy the food , and atmosphere here .	atmosphere	positive
the food is delicious and the service is so friendly and helpful !	food	positive
the food is delicious and the service is so friendly and helpful !	service	positive
the food is average to less than average quality .	food	negative
the food is average to less than average quality .	quality	negative
for what it is , this place is great .	place	positive
drain in shower smells like back up sewage .	drain	negative
drain in shower smells like back up sewage .	sewage	negative
this is a review for my stay back in july _num_ .	stay	positive
when we arrived the place was packed .	place	negative
the food was amazing .	food	positive
great guy !	guy	positive
atmosphere was great inside , definitely worth returning !	atmosphere	positive
i was not impressed , and did not care for their food .	food	negative
after the job was completed , the invoice listed _num_ for labor .	invoice	negative
after the job was completed , the invoice listed _num_ for labor .	labor	negative
spicy enough it makes my nose run and loads of flavor .	flavor	positive
suzanne and her staff were absolutely a pleasure to work with !	staff	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
speedy service and polite and friendly staff .	service	positive
speedy service and polite and friendly staff .	staff	positive
the band wo n't start without you because no one ever starts before 9pm .	band	positive
i 've had good indian food , so maybe i 'm biased .	indian food	positive
the hotel is nice , clean and comfortable .	hotel	positive
and george and the staff are friendly and super courteous .	staff	positive
this place is one of the worst sushi joints in town .	sushi joints	negative
we asked for more of the watery , chunky salsa for her .	watery	negative
we asked for more of the watery , chunky salsa for her .	salsa	negative
they have a terrific chicken parm sandwich .	chicken parm sandwich	positive
nice ambience on patio .	ambience on patio	positive
did no massage , says it 's only for deluxe pedicure .	massage	negative
did no massage , says it 's only for deluxe pedicure .	deluxe pedicure	positive
what about the time i wasted ?	time	negative
i enjoyed the tomato and mozzarella salad !	tomato and mozzarella salad	positive
this place brings back sweet childhood memories for me .	place	positive
great job !	job	positive
she always does a great job and her prices are very reasonable !	prices	positive
anything on there menu is fresh and authentic .	menu	positive
we especially love `` kids eat free on tuesday '' for obvious reasons .	kids	positive
great food and friendly people .	food	positive
great food and friendly people .	people	positive
the food was awful .	food	negative
place was dead .	place	negative
parking should be expanded but other than that this is a great apartment community .	parking	negative
parking should be expanded but other than that this is a great apartment community .	apartment	positive
one of the most extensive wine lists i 've ever seen !	wine lists	positive
service was painfully slow .	service	negative
i hate the sound .	sound	negative
definitely worth the stop !	stop	positive
then , the servers kept trying to rush us .	servers	negative
the only mexican thing about this place was the music .	music	positive
the office staff are very friendly and personable .	office staff	positive
fantastic service !	service	positive
generally very poor and rude service .	service	negative
my thanksgiving dinner was so cold i sent it back .	thanksgiving dinner	negative
the wine selection is grand and the servers are knowledgeable and helpful .	wine selection	positive
the wine selection is grand and the servers are knowledgeable and helpful .	servers	positive
the owner was extremely friendly and knew what he was talking about .	owner	positive
a charming , comfortable spot , with good food and good service .	spot	positive
a charming , comfortable spot , with good food and good service .	food	positive
a charming , comfortable spot , with good food and good service .	service	positive
lady cashier did n't give me my change .	lady cashier	negative
lady cashier did n't give me my change .	change	negative
again , too bad they do n't know anything about their wine .	wine	negative
potstickers : pan seared chicken , it was pretty good .	potstickers	positive
potstickers : pan seared chicken , it was pretty good .	pan seared chicken	positive
my husband had banana pancakes with side of bacon .	banana pancakes with side of bacon	positive
what a great place .	place	positive
excellent food and an interesting menu .	food	positive
excellent food and an interesting menu .	menu	positive
i had the best huevos rancheros ever this morning .	huevos rancheros	positive
drinks from the bar were well made .	drinks	positive
drinks from the bar were well made .	bar	positive
their house margarita is great !	house margarita	positive
go buy a $ _num_ bottle of ragu and a box of pasta .	box of pasta	positive
unbelievably terrible service , and extremely overpriced meals !	service	negative
unbelievably terrible service , and extremely overpriced meals !	meals	negative
excellent food and service , but please do n't press things on customers !	food	positive
excellent food and service , but please do n't press things on customers !	service	positive
i would highly recommend jill .	jill	positive
great location and an extremely well trained , responsive and friendly staff .	location	positive
great location and an extremely well trained , responsive and friendly staff .	staff	positive
good customer service which is surprising for a big chain .	customer service	positive
i go here often with friends for beers , burgers , and sports .	beers	positive
i go here often with friends for beers , burgers , and sports .	burgers	positive
i go here often with friends for beers , burgers , and sports .	sports	positive
i do n't know his name but his music truly made the trip .	music	positive
awesome place .	place	positive
a steak house with no potatoes .	steak house	negative
a steak house with no potatoes .	no potatoes	negative
i always enjoy the food here .	food	positive
guess they did n't want our business .	business	negative
this is one of my favorite places , especially for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
the service was good and the pizza was amazing .	service	positive
the service was good and the pizza was amazing .	pizza	positive
the service was excellent as well .	service	positive
when i arrived at the airport , i called the hotel for a shuttle .	shuttle	negative
service great , made sure i was happy after the meal !	service	positive
service great , made sure i was happy after the meal !	meal	positive
i go to this referral _num_ days later .	referral	positive
i think the portion is large and two people can share it for dinner .	portion	positive
i think the portion is large and two people can share it for dinner .	dinner	positive
this place is the best .	place	positive
just finished getting a bed bug treatment and they did a great job .	bed bug treatment	positive
i got half scoops of everything ( no meat in meat entrees ! )	meat in meat entrees	negative
everything on the menu is great .	menu	positive
our server was by far outstanding !	server	positive
spend your time and $ $ elsewhere .	$	positive
cosmo salon n day spa is a first class act !	cosmo salon n day spa	positive
the staff is super friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
but the food quality was n't good for the price .	food quality	negative
but the food quality was n't good for the price .	price	negative
the service was really poor .	service	negative
truly excellent , from the service to the food .	service	positive
truly excellent , from the service to the food .	food	positive
i highly recommend this small locally owned independent business .	business	positive
the food is not great , but neither is it truly terrible .	food	negative
the shrimp was also horribly over cooked .	shrimp	negative
miso soup was cold .	miso soup	negative
good solid food at a fair price .	food	positive
good solid food at a fair price .	price	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
i love the enchiladas with both green and red sauce .	enchiladas	positive
_num_ minutes later and my car is still sitting where i parked it .	car	negative
everyone was very rude with me .	everyone	negative
the pork belly app is divine .	pork belly app	positive
elsewhere where i got a comparable vehicle for the payment i asked for .	vehicle	positive
elsewhere where i got a comparable vehicle for the payment i asked for .	payment	negative
one of my favorite stores in the valley .	stores	positive
fresh , good quality ingredients mixed with genuine great service .	ingredients	positive
fresh , good quality ingredients mixed with genuine great service .	service	positive
worst service ever pizza never arrived .	service	negative
worst service ever pizza never arrived .	pizza	negative
consistently good chinese food .	chinese food	positive
no shower curtain either .	shower curtain	negative
they carry very special furniture lines and have something for everyone .	furniture lines	positive
the restaurant and bar are old and poorly kept .	bar	negative
delicious choices .	choices	positive
the people are so friendly .	people	positive
just play it safe and stick with bottled water .	bottled water	positive
save your money and do n't bother coming here .	money	positive
the fried pieces of wonton were the most popular part of the meal .	fried pieces of wonton	positive
the fried pieces of wonton were the most popular part of the meal .	meal	positive
his chinese new year meal is spectacular and requires reservations .	chinese new year meal	positive
his chinese new year meal is spectacular and requires reservations .	reservations	positive
i wish that i could give this place half a star .	place	positive
no service , no one cares !	service	negative
owners are onsite and amazing to work with .	owners	positive
great gluten-free choices and like the new menu options !	menu options	positive
good job heather .	heather	positive
this is the second time i have been there with a groupon .	groupon	positive
great selection of items , we all found something we wanted easily .	selection of items	positive
the staff was really great too and there is reservations for groups .	staff	positive
the staff was really great too and there is reservations for groups .	reservations	negative
this restaurant was horrible !	restaurant	negative
the atmosphere is great and the bartenders are awesome .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is great and the bartenders are awesome .	bartenders	positive
the hair cut and style are perfect for me .	hair cut	positive
the hair cut and style are perfect for me .	style	positive
save yourself an unpleasant eating and drinking experience and avoid this place .	eating	negative
save yourself an unpleasant eating and drinking experience and avoid this place .	drinking	negative
save yourself an unpleasant eating and drinking experience and avoid this place .	place	negative
metro is a great place to kill the time .	place	positive
the food incredible -- we will now be regulars .	food	positive
they 're truly focused on giving great service to their customers .	service	positive
the margaritas are watered down .	margaritas	positive
love this place for breakfast , so much .	place	positive
love this place for breakfast , so much .	breakfast	positive
the staff is horrible .	staff	negative
and this was not the first time i 've been to los olivos .	los olivos	negative
by no means should customers by treated in this manner .	customers	negative
so why only _num_ stars ?	stars	negative
the fudge covered icecream donut is my new favorite desert .	fudge covered icecream donut	positive
the fudge covered icecream donut is my new favorite desert .	desert	positive
he 's got personality - sassy but warm and outstanding customer service .	customer service	positive
nothing fancy just simple breakfast done right ; what more can you ask for .	breakfast	positive
love carlsbad tavern !	carlsbad tavern	positive
very clean and excellent friendly service .	service	positive
best place ever !	place	positive
nice lighting .	lighting	positive
sunday brunch here is awesome !	brunch	positive
crisp , buttery crust , fresh toppings and everything was piping hot .	crust	positive
their salads are large and delicious also .	salads	positive
the bbq meals at the restaurants much better !	bbq meals	positive
also , the garbage men come every mon .	garbage men	positive
beautiful hotel .	hotel	positive
i will no longer be servicing my vehicle here .	vehicle	negative
they have some weird system where everyone helps out with all tables .	tables	negative
the tofu and spinach dumpling is my favorite appetizer .	tofu and spinach dumpling	positive
the tofu and spinach dumpling is my favorite appetizer .	appetizer	positive
and its not a cheap course to play .	course	negative
also , the food items are a delicious no matter what you order .	food items	positive
great service and bouncers are nice too .	service	positive
great service and bouncers are nice too .	bouncers	positive
the male manager absolutely knows what he 's doing and deserves a raise .	male manager	positive
thats the only positive thing i can say about joes .	joes	positive
and that was with constant calling and going down to the office .	office	positive
food & service was , as usual , excellent .	food	positive
food & service was , as usual , excellent .	service	positive
this place far exceeded our expectations !	place	positive
the food was good .	food	positive
the breakfast burritos are not good at all .	breakfast burritos	negative
service pace bad .	service pace	negative
one of the best places for eggs benedict .	eggs benedict	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
we highly recommend the center for dermatology & plastic surgery .	dermatology	positive
we highly recommend the center for dermatology & plastic surgery .	plastic	positive
freshly prepared , generous portions , excellent service .	portions	positive
freshly prepared , generous portions , excellent service .	service	positive
we have found an honest , affordable , reliable a/c repair company .	repair company	positive
we shared the filet mignon and the fish and everything was very good .	filet mignon	positive
we shared the filet mignon and the fish and everything was very good .	fish	positive
very friendly and helpful staff .	staff	positive
the rotisserie chicken and ribs combo was excellent .	rotisserie chicken and ribs combo	positive
it is definitely my new go to for anything auto , great job !	job	positive
and even offered me a ride back to work .	ride	positive
she was brought a plate of _num_ bite size slices .	plate of _num_	positive
glad we found this place .	place	positive
great service and authentic atmosphere .	service	positive
great service and authentic atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great selection .	selection	positive
things have been good and service excellent .	service	positive
i bought a groupon for this business and was very happy !	groupon	positive
i bought a groupon for this business and was very happy !	business	positive
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .	portions	positive
this is my favorite volkswagen service department .	volkswagen service department	positive
my son 's 1/2 pound burger was supposed to be medium ... nope .	burger	negative
they always remember you dog even after a year .	dog	positive
the worst mexican food i 've ever had .	mexican food	negative
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !	location	positive
it is been some time since my hair has looked this nice .	hair	positive
the same time i bought the sausages i also purchased meatballs .	sausages	positive
the same time i bought the sausages i also purchased meatballs .	meatballs	positive
shelly makes great drinks and always has a positive attitude .	drinks	positive
just normal , friendly people .	people	positive
seriously the best cut and style of my life .	cut	positive
if i could give this place _num_ stars i would .	place	positive
i highly recommend the fresh , not creamy , option .	option	positive
rachel is the nightmare on top of the nightmare cake !	rachel	positive
rachel is the nightmare on top of the nightmare cake !	cake	positive
pizza is awesome , the staff was great .	pizza	positive
pizza is awesome , the staff was great .	staff	positive
was really spicy hot and good .	spicy	positive
attractive dining room .	dining room	positive
great either by the slice or when ordering a whole pie .	slice	positive
great either by the slice or when ordering a whole pie .	pie	positive
this location had bed bugs and would not refund me .	location	negative
this location had bed bugs and would not refund me .	bed bugs	negative
service is first rate and very friendly .	service	positive
customer service was alright .	customer service	positive
definitely the best thai place i 've found in the valley .	thai place	positive
just took our new pup into palm glen and boy was i impressed !	pup	positive
just took our new pup into palm glen and boy was i impressed !	palm glen	positive
they make great coffee and a strong cocktail .	coffee	positive
they make great coffee and a strong cocktail .	cocktail	positive
to top it off i had the most amazing service !	service	positive
i highly recommend this place .	place	positive
price is very reasonable .	price	positive
awesome gym !	gym	positive
i could n't believe the staff was allowing this to happen .	staff	negative
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	place	negative
sometimes crowded , but the staff appeared to keep up pretty well .	staff	positive
good eats too for a nice mexican breakfast .	eats	positive
good eats too for a nice mexican breakfast .	mexican breakfast	positive
food was a great temperature and flavor was well above par .	food	positive
food was a great temperature and flavor was well above par .	temperature	positive
food was a great temperature and flavor was well above par .	flavor	positive
the chow mein was not even chow mein by any definition !	chow mein	negative
the chow mein was not even chow mein by any definition !	chow	negative
i liked the sunday morning menu .	sunday morning menu	positive
if you want good old school and authentic italian this is the place !	italian	positive
i ate it upset but so hungry after picking off the dreadful items .	items	negative
this is `` new mexican '' style .	style	positive
horrible service !	service	negative
best oranges ever !	oranges	positive
the price is right , and they take really good care of the dogs .	price	positive
the price is right , and they take really good care of the dogs .	dogs	positive
but our portions were quite small and the dishes overpriced .	portions	negative
but our portions were quite small and the dishes overpriced .	dishes	negative
the shrimp fried rice was not nice .	shrimp fried rice	negative
i highly recommend eating here .	eating	positive
staff : very cute and friendly .	staff	positive
she is by far one of the best servers we 've had .	servers	positive
the eggplant parmigiana was sadly a very different story .	eggplant parmigiana	negative
i 've had everything from enchiladas to filet and its all excellent .	enchiladas	positive
i 've had everything from enchiladas to filet and its all excellent .	filet	positive
went for the midnight and it was so cool !	midnight	positive
i really want to like this applebee 's but i just do n't .	applebee	negative
the meat was n't anything special .	meat	negative
after all the waiting and drama this place just is n't worth it .	waiting	negative
after all the waiting and drama this place just is n't worth it .	place	negative
probably the best thai in town .	thai	positive
the food is great .	food	positive
this place was such a disappointment .	place	negative
attractive place with good food at fair prices .	place	positive
attractive place with good food at fair prices .	food	positive
attractive place with good food at fair prices .	prices	positive
great prices , specials and relaxed environment .	prices	positive
great prices , specials and relaxed environment .	specials	positive
great prices , specials and relaxed environment .	environment	positive
however , as a complete dish it was an utter failure .	dish	negative
i recommend the dusty road sundae .	dusty road sundae	positive
this location specifically has excellent customer service .	location	positive
this location specifically has excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
this is always by far my favorite sushi place .	sushi place	positive
the selection of beer is decent and the staff friendly .	selection of beer	positive
the selection of beer is decent and the staff friendly .	staff	positive
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .	ruben sandwich	positive
i 'm never coming back again for lunch .	lunch	negative
it is always clean and the staff is super friendly .	staff	positive
no flat screen and nothing over _num_ '' .	flat screen	positive
rare to find such high quality authentic food .	food	positive
my favorite sports bar in old town .	sports bar	positive
my dad politely explained that we had made a reservation .	reservation	positive
even the take out and delivery are great !	take out	positive
even the take out and delivery are great !	delivery	positive
we are extremely pleased with our carpet purchase .	carpet purchase	positive
excellent professional job !	professional job	positive
on weekend nights , ton of energy .	energy	positive
both this one and the one on camelback .	camelback	positive
the lobster enchiladas had great big pieces of lobster in them .	lobster enchiladas	positive
oh , i forgot to mention the cornbread skillet is the best too !	cornbread skillet	positive
great ambiance thought .	ambiance	positive
i found this place when i moved to phoenix _num_ years ago .	place	positive
happy hour prices .	prices	positive
they make some delicious cookies and deserts .	cookies	positive
they make some delicious cookies and deserts .	deserts	positive
service was terrible and annoying and the music is to loud .	service	negative
service was terrible and annoying and the music is to loud .	music	negative
i recommended that place .	place	positive
finally someone grabbed me my purse i wanted .	purse	negative
this is their gorgeous love child .	love child	positive
the golf course is one of the worse i ever played .	golf course	negative
go see these guys !	guys	positive
this is a great chinese food place - i recommend it .	chinese food place	positive
what a treat !	treat	positive
unfortunately the service from that point forward failed .	service	negative
roberts catering did our wedding cake it came out awesome !	catering	positive
roberts catering did our wedding cake it came out awesome !	wedding cake	positive
this place is fantastic !	place	positive
my nails looked worse than when i walked in .	nails	negative
this place is fantastic .	place	positive
this place has hundreds of sales reps on a floor & nobody knows shit !	sales reps	negative
the atmosphere , service and food are really excellent .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere , service and food are really excellent .	service	positive
the atmosphere , service and food are really excellent .	food	positive
bar service- awful .	bar service-	negative
two reasons ... the food is always good !	food	positive
really impressed with their food !	food	positive
great place to have lunch or lounge at deck overlooking the pool !	lunch	positive
great place to have lunch or lounge at deck overlooking the pool !	pool	positive
just wanting money .	money	negative
great sushi place !	sushi place	positive
prices are on the high side but its worth it .	prices	negative
the crust was also skimpy and thin .	crust	negative
sweet and sour pork was fresh and served hot .	sour pork	positive
sweet and sour pork was fresh and served hot .	served	positive
i would definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
kevin gives the best hand massages !	hand massages	positive
the bathrooms were around bad .	bathrooms	negative
love the coffee !	coffee	positive
the installer for the project was very professional and courteous as well as hardworking .	installer	positive
kim is the best .	kim	positive
i get my hair cut by jessica and i love her !	hair	positive
this place is fantastic .	place	positive
needless to say , we skipped desert .	desert	negative
i called the manager , who spoke very little english and was completely unhelpful .	manager	negative
also , the garlic knots were raw in the middle .	garlic knots	negative
great neighborhood bar and restaurant .	bar	positive
additionally , my tires were significantly out of balance .	tires	negative
new blt is fantastic , staff is great .	staff	positive
no kids menu ... not even anything remotely kid friendly .	kids menu	negative
best burrito i 've had in a long time .	burrito	positive
fish is fresh and delicious .	fish	positive
been here a few times and each time we have a solid meal .	meal	positive
scottsdale ra does n't really impress me .	scottsdale	negative
i was treated very poorly by this location and will never use enterprise .	location	negative
the results are always great and the style lasts a long time .	results	positive
the results are always great and the style lasts a long time .	style	positive
the hash plate is a favorite .	hash plate	positive
another great location .	location	positive
avoid this location .	location	negative
an additional _num_ minutes until food arrived .	food	positive
the office staff will flat out lie to you .	office staff	negative
the food was good and served very timely .	food	positive
the food was good and served very timely .	served	positive
all the yrs i have been renting and i 've never had this happen .	yrs	positive
the storefront is nice and updated and they really take care of the store .	storefront	positive
the food is always fresh and well prepared .	food	positive
the food took literally an hour and a half to get to our table .	food	negative
the food took literally an hour and a half to get to our table .	table	negative
spinach salad with chicken is my favorite food here .	spinach salad with chicken	positive
sometimes they provide live music as well .	live music	positive
the bed was very comfortable .	bed	positive
spent _num_ minutes looking for the bolt before he told me what happened .	bolt	negative
pei wei is amazing !	pei	positive
i love the disney store !	disney store	positive
i honestly have no idea why they even bother with delivery .	delivery	negative
as noted , this is not a cheap mexican joint .	mexican joint	negative
one had dried mustard or melted cheese all over the back of it .	dried mustard	negative
one had dried mustard or melted cheese all over the back of it .	melted cheese	negative
the service and atmosphere are always a treat too .	service	positive
the service and atmosphere are always a treat too .	atmosphere	positive
the restaurant is very clean , and very nice staff !	staff	positive
very reasonable prices for superior quality .	prices	positive
very reasonable prices for superior quality .	quality	positive
reasonable price and so many good options , would highly recommend .	price	positive
reasonable price and so many good options , would highly recommend .	options	positive
they are playing mexican music on 4th of july ... not even speaking english .	mexican music	negative
we were there a good _num_ minutes total , and never saw a server .	server	positive
excellent and friendly service .	service	positive
i do n't understand why businesses treat their customers that way for delivery .	delivery	negative
great job and thank you .	job	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
food was below average and the lack of service and smiles really annoyed me .	food	negative
food was below average and the lack of service and smiles really annoyed me .	service	negative
definitely give this place a try !	place	positive
love the quesadillas , love the outdoor seating .	quesadillas	positive
love the quesadillas , love the outdoor seating .	outdoor seating	positive
mediocre and extremely overpriced indian food .	indian food	negative
the salads are also well done .	salads	positive
coffee still delicious as always .	coffee	positive
do n't see it adding anything to the overhead other than a juice machine .	overhead	negative
do n't see it adding anything to the overhead other than a juice machine .	juice machine	negative
service was friendly and classy .	service	positive
notified management who had zero amount of empathy or concern for other guests .	management	negative
avoid at all costs .	costs	positive
if you love italian wine this is the place for you .	italian wine	positive
awesome view great staff and ambience .	staff	positive
awesome view great staff and ambience .	ambience	positive
really great atmosphere and beautiful patio .	atmosphere	positive
really great atmosphere and beautiful patio .	patio	positive
fantastic selection .	selection	positive
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	food	negative
great place .	place	positive
i was turned down but offered a $ _num_ gift card for the store .	gift	negative
i was turned down but offered a $ _num_ gift card for the store .	store	negative
excellent thin crust pizza ... perfectly cooked crisp thin crust .	crust pizza	positive
waited another _num_ for our drinks .	drinks	negative
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	manager	negative
besides the lack of product , the service here was terrible as well .	product	negative
besides the lack of product , the service here was terrible as well .	service	negative
this is definitely one of my go to date night places !	places	positive
they charge for everything , fries , toppings , everything is extra .	fries	positive
they charge for everything , fries , toppings , everything is extra .	toppings	positive
i love the sushi as well .	sushi	positive
good drinks and super helpful staff .	drinks	positive
good drinks and super helpful staff .	staff	positive
stetson salad !	stetson salad	positive
best wine store here in the valley .	wine store	positive
regardless , speedy excellent service , and have never had a bad experience !	service	positive
horrible customer service !	customer service	negative
malee 's is all about the food and service !	food	positive
malee 's is all about the food and service !	service	positive
they are simply wonderful in all aspects of quality and service !	quality	positive
they are simply wonderful in all aspects of quality and service !	service	positive
the shrimps are always cooked to a perfect texture .	shrimps	positive
great sushi .	sushi	positive
the deep dish pizza was very good .	deep dish pizza	positive
this is my favorite subway location in the valley !	subway location	positive
food as delicious and was served quickly .	food	positive
food as delicious and was served quickly .	served	positive
happy hour might be a winner , but the regular dinner is a disappointment .	regular dinner	negative
owner was very friendly as well .	owner	positive
i hate this place .	place	negative
service was good , and the staff was friendly .	service	positive
service was good , and the staff was friendly .	staff	positive
( - one star ha ! )	ha	positive
it 's a very popular spot , and for good reason .	spot	positive
delicious deli !	deli	positive
portions were small , bean were a bit watery .	portions	negative
portions were small , bean were a bit watery .	bean	negative
food was excellent , the service was great and the value is certainly there .	food	positive
food was excellent , the service was great and the value is certainly there .	service	positive
food was excellent , the service was great and the value is certainly there .	value	positive
the sandwich was really creative and super delish .	sandwich	positive
on top of that , the staff is wonderful .	staff	positive
the entrees were not impressive .	entrees	negative
pharmacist is so funny !	pharmacist	positive
but wow has this place changed !	place	positive
i will never do business with jerry or this company again .	company	negative
i was even going to roll the money into something else from their store .	money	negative
i was even going to roll the money into something else from their store .	store	negative
this is a very cute restaurant , and has very authentic decor and food .	decor	positive
this is a very cute restaurant , and has very authentic decor and food .	food	positive
pretty famous place for famous people .	place	positive
this place is a wonderful way to step back in time & treasure hunt .	place	positive
this place is a wonderful way to step back in time & treasure hunt .	treasure	positive
a shame because the dressing was pretty good .	dressing	negative
the owner is very welcoming and humble from the moment you walk in .	owner	positive
the yoga studio and lessons were all fantastic .	yoga studio	positive
the yoga studio and lessons were all fantastic .	lessons	positive
the food is amazing !	food	positive
this is a wonderful restaurant .	restaurant	positive
$ _num_ cover .	cover	positive
the prices were ridiculous .	prices	negative
the filet and shrimp were good while the chicken tortellini soup was wonderful .	filet	positive
the filet and shrimp were good while the chicken tortellini soup was wonderful .	shrimp	positive
the filet and shrimp were good while the chicken tortellini soup was wonderful .	chicken tortellini soup	positive
not a lot of flavor except for salt .	flavor	negative
not a lot of flavor except for salt .	salt	negative
very cool atmosphere and i loved the booth seating .	atmosphere	positive
very cool atmosphere and i loved the booth seating .	booth seating	positive
brought my car in to get the electric stuff checked .	electric stuff	negative
both times , the arrangements were beautiful and were delivered quickly .	arrangements	positive
it felt like too much wasted time .	time	negative
parking is a headache with a five floor gated parking garage .	parking	negative
parking is a headache with a five floor gated parking garage .	parking garage	negative
their staff is pretty friendly .	staff	positive
regardless , i drove down to the place and checked in .	place	positive
the staff was great and helpful working really hard to keep things clean .	staff	positive
excellent italian food ; some of the very best pizza anywhere .	italian food	positive
excellent italian food ; some of the very best pizza anywhere .	pizza	positive
the food was good as always .	food	positive
tori is amazing !	tori	positive
come on guys ... it 's a bruschetta , not sashimi .	sashimi	negative
service could be better but what restaurants service is good ?	service	negative
service could be better but what restaurants service is good ?	restaurants service	positive
it 's just delicious , greasy mexican food at its best .	greasy mexican food	positive
the service was good and the atmosphere was great .	service	positive
the service was good and the atmosphere was great .	atmosphere	positive
theater is small , but clean , which is why they get _num_ stars .	theater	negative
great service .	service	positive
this lady is absolutely rude and does not act like a small business owner .	lady	negative
it just really is n't good mexican food .	mexican food	negative
very friendly staff and very knowledgable !	staff	positive
if you love sports then your going to love this place .	sports	positive
if you love sports then your going to love this place .	place	positive
worst management & staff imaginable and all follows from that .	management	negative
worst management & staff imaginable and all follows from that .	staff	negative
it is pretty good , and the place is pretty busy .	place	negative
great mid day service for homework time !	service	positive
great mid day service for homework time !	homework	positive
the bad : my sister ordered the sea bass which was served with clams .	sea bass	negative
the bad : my sister ordered the sea bass which was served with clams .	served	negative
the bad : my sister ordered the sea bass which was served with clams .	clams	negative
food is absolutely unbelievable for a bar .	food	positive
food is absolutely unbelievable for a bar .	bar	positive
i got the fettuccine alfredo and it was so good .	fettuccine alfredo	positive
the spa is the best !	spa	positive
staff very professional and nice .	staff	positive
most likely it 's screwed up and bad food .	food	negative
such poor service .	service	negative
they have specials which are very good too .	specials	positive
the staff is always friendly , and the prices are hard to beat .	staff	positive
the staff is always friendly , and the prices are hard to beat .	prices	negative
the food , it 's just incredible .	food	positive
it 's just a great place to drink a good beer .	place	positive
it 's just a great place to drink a good beer .	beer	positive
baklava was delicious .	baklava	positive
the decor in the restaurant was also very nice .	decor	positive
the place is unique and offers a good time of fun and games .	place	positive
the place is unique and offers a good time of fun and games .	games	positive
the place was empty on a saturday night !	place	negative
i love dive bars .	dive bars	positive
sent me to collections before even coming to me about the issue .	collections	negative
service was busy at the time , but it was off nonetheless .	service	negative
so _num_ people @ $ _num_ , spent at door .	people	positive
very sad to learn that as i loved the place .	place	positive
food is n't bad but nothing to get excited about .	food	positive
the steak tacos were passable , though i 've had better from del taco .	steak tacos	positive
their customer service is sadly lacking .	customer service	negative
the biscuits and gravy were good .	biscuits	positive
the biscuits and gravy were good .	gravy	positive
i was vary satisfied with the view .	view	positive
no one came by to refill glasses until she again caught someone passing by .	glasses	negative
super friendly wait staff .	wait staff	positive
a great italian deli on par with the best italian delis in the us .	italian deli	positive
the highlight of our meal was the potstickers with dipping sauce .	potstickers with dipping sauce	positive
i had the chicken enchiladas and they were very good .	chicken enchiladas	positive
great bloody mary 's to start the meal , and nice wait staff .	meal	positive
great bloody mary 's to start the meal , and nice wait staff .	wait staff	positive
she gives the most conscientious and thorough cleaning i 've ever had .	cleaning	positive
such a great place to burn rubber !	place	positive
such a great place to burn rubber !	rubber	positive
the food was horrible !	food	negative
i highly recommend their grooming and day care services .	grooming	positive
i highly recommend their grooming and day care services .	day care services	positive
absolutely loved this place .	place	positive
natalie was the best for service .	service	positive
i was pleasantly surprised , even the waitress was as sweet as their milkshakes .	waitress	positive
i was pleasantly surprised , even the waitress was as sweet as their milkshakes .	milkshakes	positive
the experience of our dinner here simply for lack of better words , sucked .	dinner	negative
the office itself is always very clean and kept up .	office	positive
fresh pizza dough , and even pizza kits to make at home .	pizza dough	positive
all show , no delicious burrito .	burrito	negative
neighbors referred us here and we are so happy they did .	neighbors	positive
he is a great employee , hard working unlike most people .	employee	positive
great store , very clean and laid out well .	store	positive
this place is a scam , everyone should be aware and avoid them .	place	negative
absolutely the best vet practice in the valley !	vet practice	positive
great place to take kids , especially boys .	place	positive
great place to take kids , especially boys .	boys	positive
this store pretty much delivers what you expect for a jack in the box .	jack	positive
finally , true mexican food .	mexican food	positive
top notch service .	service	positive
i also asked for an ice tea refill , which never came .	ice tea refill	positive
i went in for a routine visit and then get a bill .	bill	positive
dirty , horribly slow service ... and say what ?	service	negative
i 've worked in the restaurant industry for 10+ years , i get it .	restaurant	positive
none of the employees take pride of the property .	employees	negative
none of the employees take pride of the property .	property	negative
a real , classic fountain !	fountain	positive
seriously , most amazing egg drop soup ever !	egg drop soup	positive
mexican food should not be bland .	mexican food	positive
great food .	food	positive
loved the atmosphere too .	atmosphere	positive
thank you , dos gringos !	dos gringos	positive
remember mexican food is heavy , so go with a good appetite .	mexican food	positive
i 'm sorry to hear about the groomers emergency situation , rachel .	groomers	negative
i walked in today ready to spend money and the service was unbelievably unhelpful .	service	negative
horrible management .	management	negative
well worth the time and money !	money	positive
dinner is overpriced and the service leaves a lot to be desired .	dinner	negative
dinner is overpriced and the service leaves a lot to be desired .	service	negative
we went to dinner tonight as a request from my _num_ year old .	dinner	positive
( terrific hot chocolate , too . )	hot chocolate	positive
we enjoyed our meal so much we came back the following day .	meal	positive
we ordered the pizza with red sauce , with fresh garlic and cheese .	pizza	positive
we ordered the pizza with red sauce , with fresh garlic and cheese .	red sauce	positive
we ordered the pizza with red sauce , with fresh garlic and cheese .	garlic	positive
totally not impressed with this place .	place	negative
went in a few weeks later the attendant tries to charge me $ _num_ .	attendant	negative
main meal of pork chops and sea bass were boring .	main meal of pork chops	negative
main meal of pork chops and sea bass were boring .	sea bass	negative
good service , love the parmesan dry rub wings .	service	positive
good service , love the parmesan dry rub wings .	parmesan dry rub wings	positive
filet mignon ... best i 've ever had .	filet mignon	positive
the service at this place is horrible .	service	negative
my sandwich was the best .	sandwich	positive
this is my favorite ice cream place in the country .	ice cream place	positive
amazing team !	team	positive
_num_ minutes later , the manager tells us to call ahead next time .	manager	positive
this is my favorite place to go whenever i 'm in scottsdale .	place	positive
love shopping here .	shopping	positive
such a great spring training stadium !	spring	positive
saturday afternoon lunch ... none of the employees looked happy to be there .	lunch	negative
saturday afternoon lunch ... none of the employees looked happy to be there .	employees	negative
there is a goodwill located just down the street ( south ) .	goodwill	positive
and the buttermilk bread was super duper good !	buttermilk bread	positive
the food is just as wonderful .	food	positive
service was great - quick , but not rushed and very attentive .	service	positive
pizza is loaded with toppings , great taste .	pizza	positive
pizza is loaded with toppings , great taste .	toppings	positive
the hotel is very quiet and the rooms are a nice size .	rooms	positive
this pizza was worth _num_ stars .	pizza	positive
i love this dive bar .	dive bar	positive
great job .	job	positive
the food is good .	food	positive
the chicken & rib combo along with all of their sides are amazing !	chicken & rib combo	positive
the chicken & rib combo along with all of their sides are amazing !	sides	positive
i always recommend this place !	place	positive
the prices are the best you can get .	prices	positive
great for a business meeting .	business meeting	positive
luckily , i love lox so it was fantastic .	lox	positive
on the upside , employees were friendly .	employees	positive
a huge amount of food .	food	positive
the pizza ( especially the white pizza ) are amazingly good !	pizza	positive
the pizza ( especially the white pizza ) are amazingly good !	white pizza	positive
there was a little too much garlic on it for my liking .	garlic	negative
so i would suggest not taking your car here for any service .	service	negative
the atmosphere was very nice and loved the white tablecloths .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere was very nice and loved the white tablecloths .	white tablecloths	positive
she gave me great layers and a style that 's easy going .	style	positive
containers of berries have a few moldy ones in it .	containers of berries	negative
i love pizza so much i can eat an entire large pizza by myself .	pizza	positive
i love pizza so much i can eat an entire large pizza by myself .	pizza	positive
the ambiance is simply unparalleled .	ambiance	positive
wow what favors and the veggies where fresh !	veggies	positive
the food is generally very dry and does n't seem very fresh .	food	negative
my server was engaging and well versed of the menu .	server	positive
my server was engaging and well versed of the menu .	menu	positive
props to the management team !	management	positive
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	card	negative
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .	color	positive
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .	hair	positive
very good food at a great price !	food	positive
very good food at a great price !	price	positive
great hot sandwiches .	hot sandwiches	positive
_num_ ) the food catered to our party was delicious !	food	positive
super nice staff .	staff	positive
amazing what great service everyone was getting during the morning before the super bowl .	service	positive
there is lots of different types of draft beer and the service is excellent .	draft beer	positive
there is lots of different types of draft beer and the service is excellent .	service	positive
i highly recommend the steak tacos , to die for !	steak tacos	positive
the taste was just as great as the looks !	taste	positive
the taste was just as great as the looks !	looks	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
_num_ stars for the work .	work	positive
request the private booths for special intimate dining with unmatched desert beauty views !	private booths	positive
request the private booths for special intimate dining with unmatched desert beauty views !	intimate dining	positive
request the private booths for special intimate dining with unmatched desert beauty views !	desert beauty views	positive
excellent pizza !	pizza	positive
this place is fantastic !	place	positive
gorgeous property and course .	property	positive
the food is absolutely amazing !	food	positive
my hair looks amazing and the customer service here is top notch .	hair	positive
my hair looks amazing and the customer service here is top notch .	customer service	positive
absolutely the best service !	service	positive
this hospital deserves no stars !	hospital	negative
a very beautiful venue though !	venue	positive
i highly recommend the fine folks at american chiropractic .	folks	positive
her prices are reasonable and she 's a fun person to know .	prices	positive
there are two locations -- we hit the one in old town on main .	locations	negative
it is a pleasure to give them our business .	business	positive
the rooms are disgusting .	rooms	negative
very nice patio also !	patio	positive
especially after _num_ years and thousands of dollars of business they got from me .	business	negative
very good service , delicious food , and all in all a wonderful experience !	service	positive
very good service , delicious food , and all in all a wonderful experience !	food	positive
love the cantonese chow mein and the festival shrimp is awesome !	cantonese chow mein	positive
love the cantonese chow mein and the festival shrimp is awesome !	festival shrimp	positive
everything is fresh and cooked to order .	cooked	positive
nasty motel .	motel	negative
dos gringos is my total go-to for happy hours and nights out .	dos gringos	positive
great food , great atmosphere !	food	positive
great food , great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
he is annoying , cheesy and rude .	cheesy	negative
to get any kind of service , you need to sit at the bar .	service	negative
to get any kind of service , you need to sit at the bar .	bar	negative
we walked out , could n't find his car and did n't panic .	car	negative
prices are decent too .	prices	positive
customer service was amazing and their hash browns were so unique and delicious !	customer service	positive
customer service was amazing and their hash browns were so unique and delicious !	hash browns	positive
during this whole time , our waitress did not once come to our table .	waitress	negative
during this whole time , our waitress did not once come to our table .	table	negative
no star granted .	star	negative
every employee i interacted with was friendly and thorough with explaining the process .	employee	positive
really liked the atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
absolutely nothing stood out about this place .	place	negative
service was great .	service	positive
what a great little shop .	shop	positive
the prices are very reasonable as well .	prices	positive
i am sad to say i will not be returning to baker wee .	baker wee	negative
get in there for a `` big ass '' burger !	burger	positive
nothing special except the patio atmosphere was nice .	patio atmosphere	positive
best damn salsa in this town .	salsa	positive
even desert was sub par .	desert	negative
always a great spot to hit up for mexican food .	spot	positive
always a great spot to hit up for mexican food .	mexican food	positive
the pizza is phenomenal as well .	pizza	positive
this is just bad food .	food	negative
fast , friendly service .	service	positive
there is spray paint on the outside and the floors are very gross .	spray paint	negative
there is spray paint on the outside and the floors are very gross .	floors	negative
the salsa is some of the best there is .	salsa	positive
the ice cream is a chain so that is consistent .	ice cream	positive
loved the pork appetizer , trout , and dr pepper ribs especially .	pork appetizer	positive
loved the pork appetizer , trout , and dr pepper ribs especially .	trout	positive
loved the pork appetizer , trout , and dr pepper ribs especially .	dr pepper ribs	positive
the coffee is great , and the large orange juice is just awesome .	coffee	positive
the coffee is great , and the large orange juice is just awesome .	large orange juice	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
fresh warm tortillas .	tortillas	positive
i also recommend the chicken quesadilla - a little spicy , but fantastic !	chicken quesadilla	positive
the whole meal was disappointing .	meal	negative
our family chose this before a baseball game today and very glad we did .	baseball	positive
went out and got food and came back .	food	positive
i love sushi kee !	sushi kee	positive
absolutely the first place i 'd recommend for a tourist or a food snob .	food	positive
unique atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
a filet is a filet almost anywhere you go so it was good .	filet	positive
a filet is a filet almost anywhere you go so it was good .	filet	positive
the service is always great .	service	positive
the special breakfast burrito is delicious .	special breakfast burrito	positive
their bar has the best prices !	bar	positive
their bar has the best prices !	prices	positive
heck , pump it on to your burger if you want !	burger	positive
this was the worst service ever , will not be back .	service	negative
great people , great service .	people	positive
great people , great service .	service	positive
he is surprisingly calm around her and she seems to genuinely care for animals .	animals	positive
wonderful wine selections ... great service .	wine selections	positive
wonderful wine selections ... great service .	service	positive
the girls in the office are all rude , no personality .	girls	negative
the girls in the office are all rude , no personality .	office	negative
it looked delicious and was a nice sized portion !	portion	positive
i 'm going to get the lens somewhere else and later reverse my charge .	lens	negative
there are two different bar areas , one inside and one outside .	bar areas	positive
greatest hispanic food in the valley !	hispanic food	positive
very tender steak and the best twice baked potato ever .	steak	positive
very tender steak and the best twice baked potato ever .	twice baked potato	positive
i do not understand why people like this place .	place	negative
i was able to get in right away with pam .	pam	positive
i seriously have not had one dish that tasted close to right .	dish	negative
nice staff and doctors .	staff	positive
nice staff and doctors .	doctors	positive
it took another _num_ minutes for our food to be served .	food	negative
it took another _num_ minutes for our food to be served .	served	negative
the beer was nice and cold !	beer	positive
i always find great products and great deals .	products	positive
i always find great products and great deals .	deals	positive
grimaldi 's definitely came through with a delicious ny style thin crust .	crust	positive
they also bring you bread when seated .	bread	negative
the hostess was rude and impatient , and our server was inept .	hostess	negative
the hostess was rude and impatient , and our server was inept .	server	negative
terrific , fresh , inventive and interesting menu .	menu	positive
but i just ca n't eat here again .	ca	negative
oh yea , and no chips .	chips	negative
the chips were warm and crispy .	chips	positive
great food and service .	food	positive
great food and service .	service	positive
best az day .	az day	positive
his choice was good and the chimichanga was delish .	chimichanga	positive
there is very little fish on the rolls compared to other sushi places .	fish	negative
there is very little fish on the rolls compared to other sushi places .	sushi	negative
the service and food are excellent .	service	positive
the service and food are excellent .	food	positive
solid food !	food	positive
this store always looks great and the customer service is exceptional !	customer service	positive
i thought maybe the groomer would be let go , but no .	groomer	negative
no roll should be so big that you ca n't fit in your mouth .	roll	negative
the grilled vegetable salad is one of the best salads in the valley .	grilled vegetable salad	positive
my favorite persian restaurant in the country !	persian	positive
the beer on tap is super cold !	beer on tap	positive
the most horrible , rude and incompetent staff !	staff	negative
by far the best seafood offerings in arizona , in my opinion .	seafood offerings	positive
no matter what you order the salsa and hot sauce are n't good .	salsa	negative
no matter what you order the salsa and hot sauce are n't good .	hot sauce	negative
great service.	service.	positive
_num_ minutes later our pizza came .	pizza	positive
the dine in area is great to eat at and enjoyable .	dine in area	positive
incredibly good calzones ; friendly service , nice courtyard seating .	calzones	positive
incredibly good calzones ; friendly service , nice courtyard seating .	service	positive
incredibly good calzones ; friendly service , nice courtyard seating .	courtyard seating	positive
no spice , no flavor , and runny as all get out .	spice	negative
no spice , no flavor , and runny as all get out .	flavor	negative
i love pizza , and try pizza everywhere i go in my travels .	pizza	positive
i love pizza , and try pizza everywhere i go in my travels .	pizza	positive
its one of our favorite places .	places	positive
the waitress was pleasant and helpful .	waitress	positive
this place is clean , well built , maintain .	place	positive
they also have a clearance section which i loved .	clearance section	positive
there spicy ramen dish is delicious !	spicy ramen dish	positive
my family and i loved everything .	family	positive
fast service and courteous .	service	positive
i think they are a little over priced .	priced	negative
the menu is big so anyone and everyone can find something that 's perfect .	menu	positive
lunch and dinner meals are also fantastic .	lunch	positive
lunch and dinner meals are also fantastic .	dinner meals	positive
the remodel looks amazing !	remodel	positive
great fun adult atmosphere !	adult atmosphere	positive
staff is friendly and accommodating .	staff	positive
he gave me the price & procedure for servicing the machine .	price	positive
teachers , staff and coaches are fabulous !	teachers	positive
teachers , staff and coaches are fabulous !	staff	positive
teachers , staff and coaches are fabulous !	coaches	positive
most impressed by how clean they got the bathroom .	bathroom	positive
service was good , and the food was very nice .	service	positive
service was good , and the food was very nice .	food	positive
gal at the register was not very helpful while trying to place our order .	register	negative
the appetizers are delicious and filling , perfect for a quick lunch by themselves .	appetizers	positive
the appetizers are delicious and filling , perfect for a quick lunch by themselves .	lunch	positive
this place is a landmark start to any party !	place	positive
highly recommend the filet or the filet with shrimp .	filet	positive
highly recommend the filet or the filet with shrimp .	filet with shrimp	positive
house salads were ... house salads .	house salads	positive
house salads were ... house salads .	house salads	positive
there are much better dining options in scottsdale !	dining options	negative
solutions that could be done in a week or less ?	solutions	negative
menu has a good variety .	menu	positive
if i could give this place a negative star i would !	place	negative
my boyfriend 's meat loaf was absolutely delicious .	meat loaf	positive
fair price and great service .	price	positive
fair price and great service .	service	positive
service was good and the atmosphere is comfy .	service	positive
service was good and the atmosphere is comfy .	atmosphere	positive
bacon and cheese was almost non existent .	bacon	negative
i gave them _num_ star because the blonde female bartender has a nasty attitude .	bartender	negative
it had complex layers of flavor and was cooked properly .	flavor	positive
it had complex layers of flavor and was cooked properly .	cooked	positive
best doughnuts around .	doughnuts	positive
i was disappointed everytime i shopped at this bashas .	bashas	negative
i love supporting this locally owned , family owned place .	place	positive
mussels appetizer was really good .	mussels appetizer	positive
the salad bar is exceptional as well .	salad bar	positive
the shop is clean , bright and well designed .	shop	positive
great helpful server !	server	positive
best pizza in the valley .	pizza	positive
the service was great , but the food was even better .	service	positive
the service was great , but the food was even better .	food	positive
they have a good looking white pizza we 'll try next time !	white pizza	positive
i had the lamb noodle soup which was really good .	lamb noodle soup	positive
wonderful atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
but it is definitely worth the wait .	wait	positive
misty is a talented hair stylist .	hair	positive
i would defiantly recommend mark kia to all my friends and family !	mark kia	positive
a fine neighborhood bistro .	neighborhood bistro	positive
we really came for the karaoke , but we were terribly disappointed .	karaoke	negative
it is appalling that they refused to give me any money .	money	negative
nice vintage atmosphere .	vintage atmosphere	positive
brooke was very friendly and listened to what i wanted .	brooke	positive
they love the staff too !	staff	positive
i ordered the country fried steak with eggs and country fries ( crispy ) .	country fried steak with eggs	positive
i ordered the country fried steak with eggs and country fries ( crispy ) .	country fries ( crispy )	positive
the only good thing about this place is the extremely cheap beer .	beer	positive
just had a great breakfast at oph .	breakfast	positive
new coffee introduced this past thursday is terrible .	coffee	negative
great specials , good enough service .	specials	positive
great specials , good enough service .	service	positive
we ordered three dinners here tonight .	dinners	positive
customer service was outstanding .	customer service	positive
i am impressed with the service and care offered by the staff .	service	positive
i am impressed with the service and care offered by the staff .	care	positive
i am impressed with the service and care offered by the staff .	staff	positive
easily the best italian deli in scottsdale .	italian deli	positive
good beer prices , good vibe .	beer prices	positive
good beer prices , good vibe .	vibe	positive
and the pastries are insane !	pastries	negative
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .	az	positive
great scottsdale location near old town , huge layout with many stalls .	location	positive
great scottsdale location near old town , huge layout with many stalls .	layout	positive
great scottsdale location near old town , huge layout with many stalls .	stalls	positive
razz always offers interesting wines and amazing desserts !	wines	positive
razz always offers interesting wines and amazing desserts !	desserts	positive
elements continues to be our go to for special occasions .	elements	positive
great food and the prices are very reasonable .	food	positive
great food and the prices are very reasonable .	prices	positive
our waitress hardly checked on us .	waitress	negative
love this locals spot .	locals spot	positive
i 'd recommend this property for a family .	property	positive
owner is great too always helpful , always smiling .	owner	positive
the food was great !	food	positive
the noodles are literally mush .	noodles	negative
generous pours for the mimosas !	pours	positive
generous pours for the mimosas !	mimosas	positive
good sushi and hot appetizers .	sushi	positive
although the parking lot is cramped , the location and atmosphere are pleasant enough .	parking lot	negative
although the parking lot is cramped , the location and atmosphere are pleasant enough .	location	positive
although the parking lot is cramped , the location and atmosphere are pleasant enough .	atmosphere	positive
loved , love , love this museum not too overwhelming but beautiful !	museum	positive
i love the hummus with the house made bread .	hummus with the house made bread	positive
the main reason to go to don and charlie 's is the great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great pizzas , fantastic salads and superb service .	pizzas	positive
great pizzas , fantastic salads and superb service .	salads	positive
great pizzas , fantastic salads and superb service .	service	positive
if you want persian , eat in house , not to go .	persian	positive
if you want persian , eat in house , not to go .	house	positive
not only do other reviewers dislike this place , i regret living here .	place	negative
sonny was very professional and helpful .	sonny	positive
excellent food and service .	food	positive
excellent food and service .	service	positive
the beverage was good and strong !	beverage	positive
amazing food !	food	positive
well i had already made my trip there from the air port .	air port	positive
i would not recommend this place .	place	negative
austin is the best .	austin	positive
they do not stand behind their equipment .	equipment	positive
we also did n't get a menu for almost _num_ minutes .	menu	negative
now i can barely drink _num_ or _num_ at the bar .	bar	negative
gross food .	food	negative
fabulous food every time !	food	positive
there was no excuse for the service .	service	negative
the team is fast and reliable .	team	positive
there were at least _num_ employees in the location .	employees	negative
there were at least _num_ employees in the location .	location	negative
sucks , because this is the closest gym to where i work .	gym	negative
hubby 's sausage and peppers were average .	sausage	negative
hubby 's sausage and peppers were average .	peppers	negative
beautiful restaurant , but do n't go on a holiday !	restaurant	positive
love the view and good food .	view	positive
love the view and good food .	food	positive
i never saw her taking a drink order .	drink order	positive
seared ahi appetizer was ok ... i have had far better .	ahi appetizer	negative
car was needed again for factory recall on a part .	car	negative
pulled pork appetizer is a must .	pork appetizer	positive
food is very good but not unique .	food	positive
if i needed it done over night i would probably pay that price .	price	negative
the crust is the best .	crust	positive
i love their fitness classes .	fitness classes	positive
great lunch specials and super nice young people who work here .	lunch specials	positive
moore and more goes above and beyond and their quality of work is unmatched !	quality of work	positive
it 's not a matter or free food but principle .	food	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
the food is unhealthy , deep fried and cheap .	food	positive
free wifi in the rooms was a huge plus .	wifi	positive
free wifi in the rooms was a huge plus .	rooms	positive
excellent hanging outside and lots of good corners inside .	hanging	positive
excellent hanging outside and lots of good corners inside .	corners	positive
food and portions were excellent .	food	positive
food and portions were excellent .	portions	positive
sign up for there rewards program and you will get emails giving deals .	rewards program	positive
sign up for there rewards program and you will get emails giving deals .	deals	positive
this was the most enjoyable appointment ever .	appointment	positive
great environment and great food .	environment	positive
great environment and great food .	food	positive
probably one of the greatest italian spots i have been too .	italian spots	positive
this wine bar has a great atmosphere .	wine bar	positive
this wine bar has a great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
it was just okay for me , dog .	dog	positive
i absolutely recommend darling nails .	nails	positive
friendly staff and good location .	staff	positive
friendly staff and good location .	location	positive
very clean location , a lot of choice on site with the trucks .	location	positive
very clean location , a lot of choice on site with the trucks .	trucks	positive
service was excellent .	service	positive
the atmosphere is fun and casual .	atmosphere	positive
front desk staff were really nice .	front desk staff	positive
the staff are friendly and very knowledgeable .	staff	positive
how do you screw up steak this bad ?	steak	negative
this hotel is gross .	hotel	positive
i love this sprouts !	sprouts	positive
i ordered delivery from here recently and was pleasantly surprised .	delivery	positive
love the chimis and my mom likes the fish tacos .	chimis	positive
love the chimis and my mom likes the fish tacos .	fish tacos	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
this is pretty darn good pizza !	pizza	positive
they did n't seem sorry , more relieved because they needed the table .	table	negative
the walleye looked very good .	walleye	positive
customer service is horrible ... .	customer service	negative
they open early for football season and the service is awesome .	football	positive
they open early for football season and the service is awesome .	service	positive
for breakfast ?	breakfast	positive
love this place .	place	positive
their double cadillac margaritas are amazing !	double cadillac margaritas	positive
great sports memorabilia too !	sports memorabilia	positive
my friend and i went here during restaurant week .	restaurant	positive
i actually did n't buy my dress from them but their service was great .	dress	negative
i actually did n't buy my dress from them but their service was great .	service	positive
had a few apps and the wings are great !	apps	positive
had a few apps and the wings are great !	wings	positive
my chicken was swimming in butter , i could n't even eat it .	chicken	negative
the chicken lo mein was the most ridiculous of any i have ever had .	chicken lo mein	negative
the staff was very nice and helpful .	staff	positive
the owner is so nice !	owner	positive
bring my beautiful wife here and she loves it .	wife	positive
i received no response from barb to my email of concerns .	barb	negative
server gary was excellent .	server gary	positive
my favorite is the peanut curry .	peanut curry	positive
got the beef cheesesteak and everything was great .	beef cheesesteak	positive
everything is always cooked perfectly and the waiters are super friendly and efficient .	waiters	positive
thank you for selling us _num_ dollar bread .	bread	positive
our entrees were really great as well .	entrees	positive
this place is simply fantastic .	place	positive
definitely a _num_ star restaurant !	restaurant	positive
tortillas seemed store bought and fell apart while eating .	tortillas	negative
the service was great .	service	positive
sunflower market is the best ... love the local food and friendly staff .	sunflower market	positive
sunflower market is the best ... love the local food and friendly staff .	food	positive
sunflower market is the best ... love the local food and friendly staff .	staff	positive
best doughnuts in chandler .	doughnuts	positive
food is ok , but nothing outstanding .	food	negative
the food was ehh and no i would not go back .	food	positive
mixed burrito , amazing !	mixed burrito	positive
i 've had just about everything on the menu , and its all terrible .	menu	negative
wide range of sesame and chili oil .	chili oil	positive
disgusting chinese food .	chinese food	negative
and this is my favorite location in the valley .	location	positive
i have more money than ur whole god damn family lady .	money	positive
i have more money than ur whole god damn family lady .	lady	positive
excellent service .	service	positive
great bar nice staff great deals !	bar	positive
great bar nice staff great deals !	staff	positive
intimate bar with a great pool table and attentive staff .	bar	positive
intimate bar with a great pool table and attentive staff .	pool table	positive
intimate bar with a great pool table and attentive staff .	staff	positive
good facilities and location .	facilities	positive
good facilities and location .	location	positive
the service here was really good and they were very friendly .	service	positive
there were _num_ other tables that had people .	tables	negative
they have a nice salad bar too .	salad bar	positive
it was like water , without taste .	water	negative
its a treasure hunt .	treasure	positive
i highly recommend living here and the renovations are amazing !	renovations	positive
the ice cream was creamy and full of flavor .	ice cream	positive
i will return to this establishment in a heart beat .	establishment	positive
the hot wings were week , not hot .	hot wings	negative
this place has good tacos .	place	positive
this place has good tacos .	tacos	positive
it is one of the best fast mexican food places around .	fast mexican food	positive
large open areas , decent bands on stage , and a club dance floor .	open areas	positive
large open areas , decent bands on stage , and a club dance floor .	bands	positive
large open areas , decent bands on stage , and a club dance floor .	club dance floor	positive
his food and moral demeanor are unacceptable .	food	negative
i had the pork chop and it was awful .	pork chop	negative
oh , and they have really good selection of regional micro and craft brews .	micro	positive
oh , and they have really good selection of regional micro and craft brews .	craft brews	positive
ate there with a group of _num_ .	group	positive
always good service and excellent care for our cats .	service	positive
the calamari is mediocre and actually smelled pretty bad the last time i went .	calamari	negative
def wo n't be back for $ _num_ i have found much better places .	places	positive
my wife and i appreciated this place .	place	positive
thank you housekeeping and mike for taking care of your guests .	housekeeping	positive
i recommend saving room for one of their desserts .	desserts	positive
amazing food , amazing service , and amazing atmosphere !	food	positive
amazing food , amazing service , and amazing atmosphere !	service	positive
amazing food , amazing service , and amazing atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
it was ok need some seasoning for sure .	seasoning	negative
great service , great coffee .	service	positive
great service , great coffee .	coffee	positive
everyone was very pleasant and welcoming to me .	everyone	positive
these guys really are woohoo !	guys	positive
just a bad place !	place	negative
service is always good .	service	positive
what a spectacular meal and outstanding service .	meal	positive
what a spectacular meal and outstanding service .	service	positive
if you are looking for thick crust , this is the place to go !	crust	positive
not vegetarian friendly .	vegetarian friendly	negative
nice guys great service !	service	positive
in my experience , this is an exceptional company .	company	positive
i 've searched the world for the perfect pepperoni pizza .	pepperoni pizza	positive
i also had a side of the mac and cheese that was outrageously good .	mac and cheese	positive
professional service and great pasta with a great wine selection .	service	positive
professional service and great pasta with a great wine selection .	pasta	positive
professional service and great pasta with a great wine selection .	wine selection	positive
great ambiance and outdoor seating that borders on perfect .	ambiance	positive
great ambiance and outdoor seating that borders on perfect .	outdoor seating	positive
i 'm stoked to have found a reliable shop so close to home !	shop	positive
they recently decided that they do not rotate tires if they are remotely worn .	tires	negative
it is perfect for the little ones !	little ones	positive
the food is always great and their coffee is awesome !	food	positive
the food is always great and their coffee is awesome !	coffee	positive
i discovered the coffee cove after moving to gilbert from mesa .	coffee cove	positive
food was fantastic .	food	positive
we love this clinic !	clinic	positive
my order was perfect and in a timely fashion .	order	positive
this place is downright awful .	place	negative
the bike even comes with two years of adjustments !	bike	positive
foods good ... fries are great !	foods	positive
foods good ... fries are great !	fries	positive
not once was there an apology for the service received .	service	negative
the prices were very reasonable and we absolutely love our windows now !	prices	positive
excellent & friendly customer service !	customer service	positive
wines : great .	wines	positive
the bloody mary 's outstanding .	bloody mary	positive
food and service are impeccable .	food	positive
food and service are impeccable .	service	positive
great place .	place	positive
i 'm officially completely annoyed , and ask for the check .	check	negative
one gentleman purchased chips and a hotdog .	chips	positive
one gentleman purchased chips and a hotdog .	hotdog	positive
cheers would be proud !	cheers	positive
i had to go to the front counter to get my drinks refilled .	drinks	negative
everyone was very nice and helpful .	everyone	positive
we waited another _num_ minutes and no one waited on us .	_num_	negative
price is very reasonable .	price	positive
the park was extremely over crowded .	park	negative
well this course is an executive first off !	course	positive
i used to go to this restaurant , long ago .	restaurant	positive
got ta love that thick chicago style pizza .	chicago	positive
got ta love that thick chicago style pizza .	pizza	positive
to meatball , thank you for everything !	meatball	positive
service and food were awful .	service	negative
service and food were awful .	food	negative
great service !	service	positive
the baked potato was decent .	baked potato	positive
i sent it back and they offered me some more toast or home fries .	toast	positive
i sent it back and they offered me some more toast or home fries .	home fries	positive
my groupon is only for the two windows .	groupon	positive
great service , best prices , much better than filibertos .	service	positive
great service , best prices , much better than filibertos .	prices	positive
i really liked their chips and salsas .	chips and salsas	positive
also the $ _num_ guac was now $ _num_ on the bill .	bill	positive
she knows the merchandise like no other .	merchandise	positive
the cheese plate is phenomenal .	cheese plate	positive
super yummy breakfast burritos !	breakfast burritos	positive
the cod fish lacked flavor .	cod fish	negative
they do n't want to create satisfied guests every time .	guests	negative
tucked away and somewhat hidden this starbucks has good service and friendly staff .	service	positive
tucked away and somewhat hidden this starbucks has good service and friendly staff .	staff	positive
great service at this location .	service	positive
great service at this location .	location	positive
it 's not printed on the menu !	menu	negative
the food was good for what it is .	food	positive
i enjoyed the bands playing but the marquee is ridiculous .	bands	positive
i enjoyed the bands playing but the marquee is ridiculous .	marquee	negative
decent little bowling spot .	bowling spot	positive
this place has the best service .	service	positive
the view , spectacular .	view	positive
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	mexican food	negative
great service , great pizza .	service	positive
great service , great pizza .	pizza	positive
in terms of taste however , he said that it was okay .	taste	positive
i love this store !	store	positive
not impressed , the burritos were small , lukewarm , and sort of bland .	burritos	negative
since their remodel this trader joe 's has really stepped up their game .	trader	positive
since their remodel this trader joe 's has really stepped up their game .	game	positive
another great time at bandera !	bandera	positive
and the bloody mary was all show and no taste .	bloody mary	negative
i absolutely love this place !	place	positive
it held a vacuum , there was no leak .	vacuum	positive
i got a half order and i was so full !	half order	positive
you can buy a brand new bike at walmart for $ _num_ .	bike	positive
i totally agree with lou on this ... totally overpriced and crappy selection .	selection	negative
this is truly mediocre , yet totally veg , fare .	veg	negative
this is truly mediocre , yet totally veg , fare .	fare	negative
wonderful location , actual trees ... no mall ... $ _num_ soda machine .	location	positive
wonderful location , actual trees ... no mall ... $ _num_ soda machine .	trees	positive
wonderful location , actual trees ... no mall ... $ _num_ soda machine .	soda machine	positive
i came for a full set .	set	positive
if you eat sweets , i also reccomend the rocky road .	sweets	positive
good service and food at reasonable prices .	service	positive
good service and food at reasonable prices .	food	positive
good service and food at reasonable prices .	prices	positive
this place is horrible .	place	negative
even the refried beans are amazing .	refried beans	positive
the outdoor seating is nice though and there is plenty of it .	outdoor seating	positive
my dish was equally bland .	dish	negative
it was not greasy at all and had a nice flavor .	flavor	positive
the arts center has a lot of potential .	arts center	positive
i can tell the unit is very well maintained .	unit	positive
the waiter could n't even explain why .	waiter	negative
great food .	food	positive
great local cafe with excellent prices too !	prices	positive
the salad was good .	salad	positive
they give you straight up answers and fix what is needed .	answers	positive
the ladies , table chefs and sushi chefs are always attentive and positive .	ladies	positive
the ladies , table chefs and sushi chefs are always attentive and positive .	table chefs	positive
the ladies , table chefs and sushi chefs are always attentive and positive .	sushi chefs	positive
seriously the best italian food place i have ever been to !	italian food place	positive
very good food .	food	positive
always take their time and does it right .	time	positive
nice atmosphere and a welcoming staff .	atmosphere	positive
nice atmosphere and a welcoming staff .	staff	positive
i would and do highly recommend them for your pets ' care .	pets	positive
i feel bad for his employees .	employees	negative
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	alterations	negative
thanks vito 's !	vito	positive
first off , the bread they brought us was disappointing to say the least .	bread	negative
love the happy hour here !	happy	positive
the ambiance is laid back & sexy , and the staff beyond hospitable .	ambiance	positive
the ambiance is laid back & sexy , and the staff beyond hospitable .	staff	positive
they were certainly was not the sushi we were used to .	sushi	negative
love phx but this is just another hyped up average girl next door .	phx	positive
was pleasantly surprised by the fast seating and friendliness of our waitress judy !	seating	positive
was pleasantly surprised by the fast seating and friendliness of our waitress judy !	waitress	positive
their dishes are pricy but you get a lot and it 's very tasty !	dishes	positive
the staff was excellent and efficient .	staff	positive
i got the beef enchiladas and it was great !	beef enchiladas	positive
chicken was chewy and did n't have much flavor .	chicken	negative
chicken was chewy and did n't have much flavor .	flavor	negative
bad food bad service .	food	negative
bad food bad service .	service	negative
the surrounding area is very dark and a bit hard to see .	surrounding area	negative
rumors is a great salon .	salon	positive
i also enjoyed the texas toast that the hot dog came on .	texas toast	positive
i also enjoyed the texas toast that the hot dog came on .	hot dog	positive
the macadamia nut halibut was wonderful .	macadamia nut halibut	positive
we found this place from a recommendation from a friend .	place	positive
when in phx ... first dinner is always at the golden greek .	dinner	positive
atmosphere at the bar is friendly .	atmosphere	positive
atmosphere at the bar is friendly .	bar	positive
the best pizza !	pizza	positive
and salsa ... had to ask twice for that as well .	salsa	negative
they have a wonderful selection of books and cards .	cards	positive
love everything about this awesome place .	place	positive
we also got a caesar salad that was really good as well .	caesar salad	positive
make sure you try all the food and catch all the shows .	food	positive
make sure you try all the food and catch all the shows .	shows	positive
guess they must not need the business .	business	negative
but this place is awesome !	place	positive
the installer very professional .	installer	positive
pity , because the food was good .	food	positive
i ca n't say enough about this place .	place	negative
the food was fresh , delicious , and very filling .	food	positive
the guys treat me like norm from cheers .	guys	positive
chicken tenders are legit too .	chicken tenders	positive
one gentleman purchased chips and a hotdog .	chips	positive
one gentleman purchased chips and a hotdog .	hotdog	positive
we probably ordered our food about _num_ minutes after we had all been seated .	food	negative
after the new manager came in , everything has gone downhill .	manager	positive
it was fun , and the food was pretty awesome .	food	positive
the cake was delivered on time and exceeded my expectations !	cake	positive
aaa , this is an insulting way to treat your members .	aaa	negative
aaa , this is an insulting way to treat your members .	members	negative
when she came back , she seemed pissed and offered me another drink .	drink	negative
we spent _num_ dollars and this is how he treats his customers .	customers	positive
i went there at christmas time and it was wonderful .	christmas	positive
the sandwiches were mediocre at it 's best .	sandwiches	negative
good place .	place	positive
the property is truly amazing .	property	positive
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	dogs	positive
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	shots	positive
low water pressure from the shower .	water	negative
excellent food , large portions , and great price .	food	positive
excellent food , large portions , and great price .	portions	positive
excellent food , large portions , and great price .	price	positive
first off just wanted to say you have the best bouncer in town !	bouncer	positive
the chicken sandwich was n't as big as i thought it would be .	chicken sandwich	negative
this place is a rip off .	place	positive
this is the place to go to chill and have some great wine .	wine	positive
i wish i could give salt cellar zero stars .	salt cellar	positive
one of the worst dining experiences we have had in a long time .	dining experiences	negative
the problem came when we received the bill .	bill	negative
handed me the shoe and walked away .	shoe	negative
blue adobe is our meeting place for abby bella dance scottsdale .	abby bella	positive
the salmon being the biggest surprise and the best salmon i 've ever had .	salmon	positive
the salmon being the biggest surprise and the best salmon i 've ever had .	salmon	positive
now you lost a potential customer .	customer	negative
friendly , affordable and perhaps my favorite enchilada sauce in town .	enchilada sauce	positive
this place knows how to cook bacon properly .	bacon	positive
the service was terrible .	service	negative
tina was absolutely wonderful !	tina	positive
their burgers are great too .	burgers	positive
it 's a great gym to call home !	gym	positive
and the mango ice cream is a good way to end the meal .	mango ice cream	positive
and the mango ice cream is a good way to end the meal .	meal	positive
all of our food was cold including the mexican chocolate lattes .	food	negative
all of our food was cold including the mexican chocolate lattes .	mexican chocolate lattes	negative
this place is a complete scam .	place	negative
the tortilla was really fresh which was a nice surprise !	tortilla	positive
all of the staff is knowledgeable and extremely honest .	staff	positive
i said , these are home fries .	home fries	positive
went there for a lunch recently , and was somewhat disappointed .	lunch	negative
josh was great !	josh	positive
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	cooked	positive
i said so the add is all bull crap ?	add	negative
but the food is excellent !	food	positive
the food was the best food i 've ever experienced .	food	positive
the food was the best food i 've ever experienced .	food	positive
this place is in need of a major makeover .	place	negative
this place is in need of a major makeover .	makeover	negative
service is poor .	service	negative
best philly in az & the pizza is awesome too .	pizza	positive
pizza is always great with a nice thin crust that is crisp .	pizza	positive
pizza is always great with a nice thin crust that is crisp .	crust	positive
it 's clear nate loves his job and the customers .	customers	positive
love it , it 's a sun morning staple for us !	sun morning	positive
we walked in and sat right at the bar .	bar	negative
i do n't blame our server really .	server	negative
it is extra cheesy and the bread is incredible !	bread	positive
i really have never experienced a server like that in my life .	server	positive
hours are great for people who work .	hours	positive
the entire staff is very friendly , professional , and helpful .	staff	positive
the honey chicken is delicious !	honey chicken	positive
bad service .	service	negative
a great place to bring a date .	place	positive
great place fo take out or eat in .	place	positive
_num_ minutes after they seat those _num_ people , _num_ more people join them .	_num_	negative
zero personality .	personality	negative
$ _num_ for a veggie sandwich on `` toasted '' bread that was cold .	veggie sandwich	negative
$ _num_ for a veggie sandwich on `` toasted '' bread that was cold .	bread	negative
it also takes a really really long time to get any sushi rolls .	sushi rolls	negative
always great customer service .	customer service	positive
the people here are awesome !	people	positive
the post he put in was too big and too deep .	post	negative
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !	grilled artichokes	positive
they went above and beyond to make him the best cake .	cake	positive
great place .	place	positive
i would recommend this location to anybody .	location	positive
once again a delicious meal .	meal	positive
great meat and cheese selection , with killer pizza .	meat and cheese selection	positive
great meat and cheese selection , with killer pizza .	pizza	positive
friendly staff nice hospitality hour and pool area .	staff	positive
friendly staff nice hospitality hour and pool area .	hospitality hour	positive
friendly staff nice hospitality hour and pool area .	pool area	positive
_num_ ) only _num_ chocolate dish on the dessert menu .	dessert menu	positive
_num_ stars only because our server was cool .	server	positive
great spot for breakfast in the trendy east hollywood neighborhood of scottsdale .	spot	positive
great spot for breakfast in the trendy east hollywood neighborhood of scottsdale .	breakfast	positive
very happy with the grooming .	grooming	positive
the ladies that work here are always nice to my kids .	ladies	positive
best mexican food in town ... hands down .	mexican food	positive
and best of all , my truck looks better than before the accident .	truck	positive
love the wallpaper market .	wallpaper market	positive
they have all these crazy little charges for everything you can think of .	charges	negative
worst mcdonalds ever , horrible service .	mcdonalds	negative
worst mcdonalds ever , horrible service .	service	negative
fast , inexpensive quality work .	quality work	positive
we would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a local spot .	spot	positive
... steak and cheese sub is my personal favorite .	steak and cheese sub	positive
no one had a drink except me .	drink	negative
so why _num_ stars and not _num_ ?	stars	negative
the challah bread french toast was unique .	challah bread french toast	positive
i am always happy with their service .	service	positive
service was n't attentive or bad .	service	positive
the meal was only $ _num_ + tax .	meal	negative
the bartenders are always nice and on top of shit .	bartenders	positive
the people are very welcoming and friendly .	people	positive
spend your money on another one .	money	negative
awesome service !	service	positive
just had the best pizza in my life .	pizza	positive
well , long wait .	wait	negative
but the staff at this gym were extremely rude and impatient !	staff	negative
but the staff at this gym were extremely rude and impatient !	gym	negative
when they charge you , front desk says only _num_ $ dollars .	front	negative
food is always great and fresh !	food	positive
horrible service and over priced !	service	negative
horrible service and over priced !	priced	negative
fish was fresh and tasty .	fish	positive
the staff are always friendly .	staff	positive
amazing egg foo young ... the only place i will eat it !	egg foo	positive
i expected better service and better food for the money .	service	negative
i expected better service and better food for the money .	food	negative
i expected better service and better food for the money .	money	negative
this place is very cramped .	place	negative
i 'm so happy that i 've found a new hair salon .	hair salon	positive
i like that they have beautiful things in all price ranges .	things	positive
i like that they have beautiful things in all price ranges .	price ranges	positive
everyone was very friendly .	everyone	positive
beautifully made dishes , indoor/outdoor seating , cool fixtures and massive bar .	dishes	positive
beautifully made dishes , indoor/outdoor seating , cool fixtures and massive bar .	indoor/outdoor seating	positive
beautifully made dishes , indoor/outdoor seating , cool fixtures and massive bar .	fixtures	positive
beautifully made dishes , indoor/outdoor seating , cool fixtures and massive bar .	bar	positive
i love ra .	ra	positive
my favorite place in the state .	place	positive
the hash is awesome but our favorite part is the mexican coffee .	hash	positive
the hash is awesome but our favorite part is the mexican coffee .	mexican coffee	positive
really good , i like the vegetable enchiladas .	vegetable enchiladas	positive
fries were soggy and everything else was lacking flavor .	fries	negative
fries were soggy and everything else was lacking flavor .	flavor	negative
this is a `` must go to '' sort of place .	place	positive
the hotel is not four stars as stated .	hotel	negative
i was pleasantly surprised by the customer service i received .	customer service	positive
two plates were brought for a total of _num_ .	plates	positive
places like this are such a refreshing change of pace here in phoenix .	places	positive
probably the worst bike shopping experience i 've had so far .	bike shopping	negative
both times , i left without purchasing .	purchasing	negative
the eggs are not cooked properly and lack salt .	eggs	negative
the eggs are not cooked properly and lack salt .	salt	negative
this place provides a roof over your head -- nothing more .	place	positive
this place provides a roof over your head -- nothing more .	roof	positive
view , breathtaking .	view	positive
buffalo has the best wings , boneless and traditional .	wings	positive
this was $ _num_ for two of us , but did include admission .	admission	negative
ok bar food , basic frozen items fried .	bar food	positive
ok bar food , basic frozen items fried .	frozen items	negative
my wife and i love the food here .	food	positive
great place for breakfast !	breakfast	positive
service was courteous and professional .	service	positive
everything was tasty and the service was very good .	service	positive
the food was delicious , and enjoyed by children and adults alike .	food	positive
i will never be staying at this location again .	location	negative
the overall appearance was n't very clean .	appearance	negative
good selection of wines and pasta in their little market .	selection of wines	positive
good selection of wines and pasta in their little market .	pasta	positive
quality food .	food	positive
prices are decent for what you get and the portions are generous .	prices	positive
prices are decent for what you get and the portions are generous .	portions	positive
small , unassuming restaurant .	restaurant	negative
love this place .	place	positive
good food , good service .	food	positive
good food , good service .	service	positive
it reminds me of my grandparents house with some good home cookin ' !	home	positive
the best steak on the planet !	steak	positive
this is definitely our go to chinese food place for now .	chinese food	positive
another badly managed chinese restaurant that ca n't cook .	chinese	negative
worst service ever .	service	negative
save your money and skip this hole in the wall .	money	positive
best pizza i 've ever had .	pizza	positive
the carne asada nachos are also very good .	carne asada nachos	positive
this place impressed us .	place	positive
i swear , this place will charge a cover if the radio is on .	place	negative
i swear , this place will charge a cover if the radio is on .	cover	negative
i swear , this place will charge a cover if the radio is on .	radio	negative
next time we are in scottsdale , we will be back !	scottsdale	positive
the amenities are average , not worth this premium .	amenities	negative
the restaurant seating is ok.	seating	negative
jack was the best .	jack	positive
great service !	service	positive
my aaa membership is so worth it !	aaa membership	positive
fresh air .	air	positive
drinks were good , service was great.	drinks	positive
drinks were good , service was great.	service	positive
_num_ comes still no pizza .	pizza	negative
you are in good hands and will love the results .	results	positive
highly recommended , they know their stuff !	stuff	positive
bosa and bosa delivers some seriously fresh donuts at 3pm .	donuts	positive
this is hands down one of my favorite places to eat .	places	positive
_num_ ) do not hire her bartenders or wait staff !	bartenders	negative
_num_ ) do not hire her bartenders or wait staff !	wait staff	negative
a flavorless meal .	meal	negative
steak and eggs !	steak	positive
why ca n't the foundation sell their work for them in the museum shop ?	shop	negative
great hotel , very clean .	hotel	positive
they have amazing gluten free pizza and delicious salads .	gluten	positive
they have amazing gluten free pizza and delicious salads .	pizza	positive
they have amazing gluten free pizza and delicious salads .	salads	positive
food was bland and way below average .	food	negative
they make the best green chile in old town !	green chile	positive
the pork was ok , not terrible .	pork	negative
there was no receptionist and i waited _num_ minutes , still no one .	receptionist	negative
we were the first orders in , no one else was in the restaurant .	orders	negative
i hate to see this place go under .	place	negative
luv it !	luv	positive
if you ca n't call ahead you can always go straight to the bar .	bar	positive
the glazed are the best !	glazed	positive
i especially liked the hummus .	hummus	positive
finished my steak , still no cheese .	steak	negative
finished my steak , still no cheese .	cheese	negative
no darn it shoes !	shoes	negative
the best breakfast spot in arizona !	breakfast spot	positive
sad they ca n't update and spend money where it 's important .	money	negative
clean , good food and service i highly recommend .	food	positive
clean , good food and service i highly recommend .	service	positive
loved the service as well .	service	positive
not including the aggravation of dealing with their poor customer service .	customer service	negative
best subs in phoenix !	subs	positive
amazing customer service , fast work , and great prices .	customer service	positive
amazing customer service , fast work , and great prices .	prices	positive
this place is the best !	place	positive
however , we were horrified that you had a vendor offering elephant rides .	vendor	negative
however , we were horrified that you had a vendor offering elephant rides .	elephant rides	negative
no bueno .	bueno	negative
while there , the same manager walked by us .	manager	negative
the staff is so helpful and friendly and the variety of products just great !	staff	positive
i will never walk into bashas again .	bashas	positive
just a really chill bar with a good crowd .	bar	negative
just a really chill bar with a good crowd .	crowd	positive
good customer service .	customer service	positive
the strip steak was decent and the service was okay .	strip steak	positive
the strip steak was decent and the service was okay .	service	positive
the plantains were good .	plantains	positive
nice , friendly atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great food with a new mexican flavor .	food	positive
great bread sticks .	bread sticks	positive
the house band is really awesome as well as very talented .	house band	positive
with phenomenal views of phoenix .	views	positive
a small hot fudge sundae that was the perfect size .	hot fudge sundae	positive
so i am going back for a third time at getting my car back .	car	positive
they do n't serve food but you can bring it in .	food	negative
very good church , makes me feel right at home .	church	positive
thanks guys .	guys	positive
however , we had my nearly one year old baby with us at dinner .	dinner	positive
a good meeting up spot .	spot	positive
she does n't care about customer service .	customer service	negative
i 've had better food at olive garden , and that 's sad .	food	negative
it 's now _num_ minutes after i ordered and still no food .	food	negative
keep up the good work guys !	guys	positive
not much flavor , just a hint of lemon .	flavor	negative
this lady was so rude i am never going back .	lady	negative
i love domino 's !	domino	positive
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .	food	positive
it 's a fun place and we had good service .	place	positive
it 's a fun place and we had good service .	service	positive
just moved here for il and this is our new favorite go to spot !	il	positive
food are fresh and delicious .	food	positive
is this remotely close to how one should appropriately handle a food safety issue ?	food safety	negative
it was way over-cooked and not really spicy .	spicy	negative
it 's a quiet community .	community	positive
how dare he say a customer is wrong !	customer	negative
( customer service is not there specialty ) .	customer service	negative
the service is almost always very good .	service	positive
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	service	negative
hardly any wait , and now i know why .	wait	positive
service was attentive .	service	positive
love the cooking classes too .	cooking classes	positive
meat market is awesome !	meat market	positive
went here for history and was disappointed .	history	negative
great food .	food	positive
like _num_ % rice .	rice	positive
the quality of food is spot on .	quality of food	positive
never ever go to this location if you are looking for fast food .	location	negative
the staff is friendly and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
i am a huge fan of discount tire .	discount tire	positive
bartenders were great -- busy and attentive .	bartenders	positive
fun people .	people	positive
seriously , go visit this gem tucked in the middle of mesa .	gem	positive
place was very good !	place	positive
they were nice , delivered fast and food is perfect .	delivered	positive
they were nice , delivered fast and food is perfect .	food	positive
late _num_ i had an experience that was just horrific with aaa .	aaa	negative
amazing service and really friendly staff !	service	positive
amazing service and really friendly staff !	staff	positive
eddie is one of the most attentive , personable servers at this location .	servers	positive
eddie is one of the most attentive , personable servers at this location .	location	positive
thank for making a delicious and great looking cake !	cake	positive
thank you mark .	mark	positive
their large pizza is huge , but their crust is flavorless .	pizza	positive
their large pizza is huge , but their crust is flavorless .	crust	negative
food is always delicious and the service is good .	food	positive
food is always delicious and the service is good .	service	positive
i 'll definitely use this company again .	company	positive
service was not too good either .	service	negative
the food is hot and the serving sizes are huge and good .	food	positive
the food is hot and the serving sizes are huge and good .	serving sizes	positive
you will not be disappointed and this cruise is good for all ages .	cruise	positive
what little filling there was was significantly over the spiced .	filling	negative
what little filling there was was significantly over the spiced .	spiced	negative
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	tournament	negative
never had this style of pizza , and it was great .	style of pizza	positive
best vacation spot ever .	vacation spot	positive
great place for kids .	place	positive
fabulous thin crust pizza with high quality authentic italian ingredients .	thin crust pizza	positive
fabulous thin crust pizza with high quality authentic italian ingredients .	italian ingredients	positive
great friendly fast service !	service	positive
the worse place that i have done in the last _num_ years .	place	negative
best chile in town , the most amazing poblano dish in the southwest .	chile	positive
best chile in town , the most amazing poblano dish in the southwest .	poblano dish	positive
server said sorry every time she stopped by and said where 's your wine ?	server	negative
server said sorry every time she stopped by and said where 's your wine ?	wine	negative
great atmosphere , cozy bar , excellent food .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere , cozy bar , excellent food .	bar	positive
great atmosphere , cozy bar , excellent food .	food	positive
i love this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
good food , good service .	food	positive
good food , good service .	service	positive
amazing pizza !	pizza	positive
i honestly do n't understand how anyone can give this place any stars .	place	negative
i got the chicken wings which were about $ _num_ and a beer .	chicken wings	positive
i got the chicken wings which were about $ _num_ and a beer .	beer	positive
the lady making the food was not interested in working that day .	food	negative
i used to live in mesa back in _num_ .	mesa	positive
there was no empathy at all .	empathy	negative
wish i would have read the other reviews before making reservations .	reservations	positive
they also have sandwiches and pasta .	sandwiches	positive
they also have sandwiches and pasta .	pasta	positive
in the `` upgraded '' apartment there is a washer and dryer in unit .	apartment	negative
in the `` upgraded '' apartment there is a washer and dryer in unit .	washer	negative
in the `` upgraded '' apartment there is a washer and dryer in unit .	dryer	negative
alexis was amazing tonight !	alexis	positive
perfect little dive bar !	dive bar	positive
the service was excellent ; friendly and fast .	service	positive
money wasted !	money	negative
her alterations were even worse !	alterations	negative
i purchased carpeting for my nursery from furniture plus .	carpeting	positive
i purchased carpeting for my nursery from furniture plus .	nursery	positive
they also have really good appetizers .	appetizers	positive
beautiful place to relax and enjoy a glass of wine .	place	positive
beautiful place to relax and enjoy a glass of wine .	glass of wine	positive
the only thing that was good was the jasmine tea .	jasmine tea	positive
our pharmacist was friendly and patient .	pharmacist	positive
this place seems great .	place	positive
they were professional and did quality work .	quality work	positive
the suites are spacious and very clean .	suites	positive
a little pricey but the food is good so it was worth the price .	food	positive
moreover , the wine list was terrible .	wine list	negative
our dining experience was less than desirable & very disappointing .	dining experience	negative
$ _num_ bad margaritas .	margaritas	negative
the set-up here is a bit awkward , too .	set-up	negative
fun , reasonably priced place for ribs & steak .	place	positive
fun , reasonably priced place for ribs & steak .	ribs	positive
we had the antipasto platter and it was great .	antipasto platter	positive
the clever drinks also hit the spot .	drinks	positive
first class service .	service	positive
i can not wait for them to change management and hire new security staff .	management	positive
i can not wait for them to change management and hire new security staff .	security staff	positive
afternoon eye candy very weak .	afternoon eye candy	negative
we absolutely love this restaurant , best italian food in chandler .	italian food	positive
fake cheese is really sold !	fake cheese	negative
good honest company .	company	positive
love papago brewery !	papago brewery	positive
the vegas roll is my absolute favorite !	vegas roll	positive
spinach artichoke dip was great .	spinach artichoke dip	positive
i think i 'll stick to drinks only from now on .	drinks	positive
one clerk said someone would be with me shortly .	clerk	negative
i had my wedding here recently and it was so beautiful !	wedding	positive
i will definitely come back to this restaurant !	restaurant	positive
the portions are huge and the food is excellent .	portions	positive
the portions are huge and the food is excellent .	food	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
the lobby , gym and surrounding areas were just great .	lobby	positive
the lobby , gym and surrounding areas were just great .	gym	positive
their new location is more crowded , cramped and hot than the last one .	location	negative
great spot .	spot	positive
denied service because our party of _num_ is too big ?	service	negative
great patio to sit when the weather is nice .	patio	positive
horrible service !	service	negative
someone else probably walked out before us because they were never served !	served	negative
very friendly staff in this small restaurant .	staff	positive
great place to practice your swing and got good service and good shape course !	service	positive
great place to practice your swing and got good service and good shape course !	shape course	positive
the staff are friendly and welcoming .	staff	positive
overall , it was n't bad for the price .	price	positive
good prices !	prices	positive
so whatever they suggest i recommend ordering one spice level down .	spice level	positive
there are no smiles and no customer service .	customer service	negative
nice atmosphere and quaint setting .	atmosphere	positive
nice atmosphere and quaint setting .	setting	positive
very knowledgeable staff always professional and friendly .	staff	positive
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .	manager	negative
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room	negative
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	money	negative
very happy with their work and would recommend them to anyone !	work	positive
we ate our food and drank our one drink , and waited .	food	positive
we ate our food and drank our one drink , and waited .	drink	positive
friendly and nice people .	people	positive
they have very nice wings , and a very cheap pool table .	wings	positive
they have very nice wings , and a very cheap pool table .	pool table	positive
the beer for $ _num_ was not outrageous .	beer for $	positive
however , the hostess refused to seat us in the dining room .	hostess	negative
however , the hostess refused to seat us in the dining room .	dining room	negative
our food was good and the drinks were great .	food	positive
our food was good and the drinks were great .	drinks	positive
there goes your tip people .	tip people	positive
found an awesome granite dinning room table and got a great buy on it .	granite dinning room table	positive
all of our towels were clean .	towels	positive
then the vet came in and i was even more impressed !	vet	positive
love this place !	place	positive
fun place .	place	positive
if was n't for the view i will not return .	view	negative
the table was left full of dishes the entire time .	table	negative
the table was left full of dishes the entire time .	dishes	negative
use for a romantic event .	use	positive
awful service awful food .	service	negative
awful service awful food .	food	negative
this business is really a hidden gem .	business	positive
the change in management is a disaster .	management	negative
i love this store .	store	positive
this is as authentic as it gets for italian grocery .	italian grocery	positive
however , it needs a shot in the arm .	shot	negative
amazing breakfast !	breakfast	positive
when in doubt , the machaca is always good .	machaca	positive
the coat did not fit well so i returned it .	coat	negative
prime rib is fantastic , with a delicious herb crust .	prime rib	positive
prime rib is fantastic , with a delicious herb crust .	herb crust	positive
the food is a bit spicy but fantastic tasting .	food	positive
brunch is equally classy and relaxed .	brunch	positive
it 's not the staffs fault it went down but hey !	staffs	negative
but i recently passed it today and remembered how great this place is .	place	positive
it 's sort of hidden but has a great bar area and patio .	bar area	positive
it 's sort of hidden but has a great bar area and patio .	patio	positive
midwest meats is an excellent place to buy all your meat products .	meat products	positive
great price and great playing atmosphere for the my little kids .	price	positive
great price and great playing atmosphere for the my little kids .	playing atmosphere	positive
i will definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
the sushi itself is nothing special .	sushi itself	negative
your store employees are pathetic .	store employees	negative
extremely kind and service oriented staff with good food to boot .	service	positive
extremely kind and service oriented staff with good food to boot .	staff	positive
extremely kind and service oriented staff with good food to boot .	food	positive
lady who works the front is awesome .	lady	positive
it is one of the best margaritas i have ever had !	margaritas	positive
do not waste your money and time .	money	positive
do n't waste your money !	money	positive
this could be the best thai food restaurant in town !	thai food	positive
shop is clean and all the customers i saw seemed happy with the service .	shop	positive
shop is clean and all the customers i saw seemed happy with the service .	service	positive
the waitress was complaining the entire time about being overworked .	waitress	negative
i used to have a bashas next to my house which was great .	bashas	positive
i used to have a bashas next to my house which was great .	house	positive
it 's a family-friendly place as well .	place	positive
it was doughy and undercooked with no flavor .	flavor	negative
i love my cut , have been going for years .	cut	positive
i ca n't recommend this store highly enough !	store	negative
i was really happy with this place .	place	positive
the ambiance was nice .	ambiance	positive
hoping they change back to original chicken .	chicken	positive
simply one of the worst meals ever .	meals	negative
the pancakes themselves are pretty good .	pancakes	positive
great style advice , too .	style advice	positive
i had the beef cheesesteak and wow .	beef cheesesteak	positive
he loves , loves , loves grimaldi 's .	grimaldi	positive
the food and service are great .	food	positive
the food and service are great .	service	positive
great date place !	date place	positive
bad service .	service	negative
persian room has everything that makes it an authentic restaurant .	persian room	positive
do n't settle for this bs .	bs	negative
the staff is ok , not extremely nice but not mean .	staff	negative
great donuts ... service is just ehh .	donuts	positive
great donuts ... service is just ehh .	service	positive
i walked over and signed for my purchase .	purchase	positive
their sesame chicken is so incredible and also the crab puffs are amazing .	sesame chicken	positive
their sesame chicken is so incredible and also the crab puffs are amazing .	crab puffs	positive
great , funky atmosphere and wonderful food .	atmosphere	positive
great , funky atmosphere and wonderful food .	food	positive
the special of pizza and wings is great .	special of pizza	positive
i am _num_ times worse than when i first starting going to this facility .	facility	negative
great sushi , good variety , good pricing .	sushi	positive
great sushi , good variety , good pricing .	pricing	positive
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	meal	positive
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	brews	positive
hey , you do it for the scottsdale bars - so leave me alone !	scottsdale bars	positive
after class enjoy a latte or snack in the cafe .	latte	positive
after class enjoy a latte or snack in the cafe .	snack	positive
great food at a great price .	food	positive
great food at a great price .	price	positive
brenda and her staff are excellent !	staff	positive
the new england clam chowder was so watery .	new england clam chowder	negative
the mac and cheese was literally a few noodles and some watery cheese sauce .	mac and cheese	negative
the mac and cheese was literally a few noodles and some watery cheese sauce .	noodles	negative
the mac and cheese was literally a few noodles and some watery cheese sauce .	watery cheese sauce	negative
they brought out our salads before we had finished with the appetizer .	salads	negative
they brought out our salads before we had finished with the appetizer .	appetizer	negative
my girlfriend hates seafood yet she loves everything razz serves up .	seafood	negative
very patient with the order process .	order process	positive
definitely pick up deals when you can too !	deals	positive
let me begin by saying i was really looking forward to this place .	place	positive
we were in good hands and confident in our purchases .	purchases	positive
food was excellent and filled with a variety of options !	food	positive
service a little ... disconnected .	service	negative
great little mexican restaurant .	mexican	positive
veggies are frozen and the salads are out of a bag .	veggies	negative
veggies are frozen and the salads are out of a bag .	salads	negative
dr. marks and his staff are extremely rude !	staff	negative
the hollandaise sauce is disgusting , and the ham needs to be sliced much .	hollandaise sauce	negative
the hollandaise sauce is disgusting , and the ham needs to be sliced much .	ham	negative
it 's classy , with a beautiful view of the valley !	view	positive
it 's classy , with a beautiful view of the valley !	valley	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
even the salsa was lacking .	salsa	negative
and do not go here if you want friendly service .	service	negative
overall , the staff is friendly and competent .	staff	positive
great food , good service , wonderful groceries !	food	positive
great food , good service , wonderful groceries !	service	positive
great food , good service , wonderful groceries !	groceries	positive
the staff are very helpful .	staff	positive
first time here for a party off _num_ after passing many times on mill .	party	negative
he also has guinness on tap .	guinness on tap	positive
we love this place !	place	positive
she had to get a to go box because the service was so slow .	box	negative
she had to get a to go box because the service was so slow .	service	negative
i 'm a big fan of grimaldi 's and especially the old town location .	location	positive
ordered no meat , all vegetable burrito and got served extra bacon burrito .	meat	negative
ordered no meat , all vegetable burrito and got served extra bacon burrito .	vegetable burrito	negative
ordered no meat , all vegetable burrito and got served extra bacon burrito .	served	negative
ordered no meat , all vegetable burrito and got served extra bacon burrito .	bacon burrito	negative
they have a wide assortment of fine wine as well as cocktails .	cocktails	positive
breakfast is my favorite here !	breakfast	positive
fun environment .	environment	positive
i actually found a few really nice items with tags still on .	items	positive
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .	haircut	positive
strike _num_ .	strike	positive
good thing my girl friend had all ready purchased tickets .	tickets	positive
the vegetables with the beef were raw .	vegetables with the beef	negative
yummy tacos !	tacos	positive
do n't waste your money .	money	positive
the food , the view and the service is fantastic !	food	positive
the food , the view and the service is fantastic !	view	positive
the food , the view and the service is fantastic !	service	positive
but if you love noodle , do n't miss this place !	noodle	positive
but if you love noodle , do n't miss this place !	place	positive
rip elmer and thanks for all the wonderful food and great memories .	food	positive
sorry , keg - wo n't be back .	keg - wo	negative
went using a groupon .	groupon	positive
what a great , honest place !	place	positive
ordered _num_ drinks .	drinks	negative
great place !	place	positive
these guys moved my baby grand piano last week .	baby grand piano	positive
we anyway seems starbucks has done away with ordering beans by the weight .	beans	negative
we anyway seems starbucks has done away with ordering beans by the weight .	weight	negative
plus , the service sucked .	service	negative
i 'm not usually a sushi fan , but i loved it here !	sushi	positive
the batter is light and flavorful .	batter	positive
had a wonderful mothers day brunch .	mothers day brunch	positive
keep up the good work and thanks !	work	positive
cheese sauce which used to be made there was coming out of a can .	cheese sauce	negative
cheese sauce which used to be made there was coming out of a can .	can	negative
a great scottsdale staple !	scottsdale staple	positive
i would highly recommend cowboy ciao , but make your reservations well in advance !	cowboy ciao	positive
i would highly recommend cowboy ciao , but make your reservations well in advance !	reservations	positive
weather was perfect , music was fun , had a great time .	weather	positive
weather was perfect , music was fun , had a great time .	music	positive
good neighborhood grocery store .	grocery store	positive
great place .	place	positive
service was really great for a busy sunday morning breakfast !	service	positive
service was really great for a busy sunday morning breakfast !	breakfast	positive
if you like quiet , romantic dinner , then this is the spot .	dinner	positive
if you like quiet , romantic dinner , then this is the spot .	spot	positive
my cat got excellent care and has recovered well .	cat	positive
the atmosphere is very casual , and the food is consistently delicious .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is very casual , and the food is consistently delicious .	food	positive
the butter cake dessert is an absolute must to finish the meal .	butter cake dessert	positive
the butter cake dessert is an absolute must to finish the meal .	meal	positive
the parking arrangement is stupid , to put it plain and simple .	parking arrangement	negative
a fun treat !	treat	positive
the pizza and appetizers are enough to keep you coming back !	pizza	positive
the pizza and appetizers are enough to keep you coming back !	appetizers	positive
service was excellent !	service	positive
this service here has been very friendly .	service	positive
we moved to a table inside .	table	negative
the lady that helped was nice , helpful , and patient .	lady	positive
the service at thanksgiving dinner was the worst i 've ever seen .	service	negative
delivery is always fast and usually earlier than the time given .	delivery	positive
interesting dive bar .	dive bar	positive
i just had a very bad feeling about this place .	place	negative
in december , there was a great music performance .	music performance	positive
i really liked this place .	place	positive
food came quickly and was delicious .	food	positive
just after being sat in the bar area we saw the biggest freakin rat .	bar area	negative
just after being sat in the bar area we saw the biggest freakin rat .	rat	negative
the problem was the food .	food	negative
so this guy takes his stand with diet soda ?	diet soda	negative
fry 's , you just lost a long term customer !	customer	negative
was with a big group and they kept up with the service .	service	positive
easily solved upon ordering .	ordering	negative
we had a great dining experience at the bravo bistro last night !	dining experience	positive
we had a great dining experience at the bravo bistro last night !	bravo bistro	positive
a great doctor that is always getting me throw my small medical issues ... .	doctor	positive
the food was fantastic ... like always .	food	positive
overall , my food experience here was excellent and i 'll be coming back .	food experience	positive
really nice green chili .	green chili	positive
first of all , great service .	service	positive
i love bbq so that helps .	bbq	positive
do yourself a favor and find another dry cleaning service .	dry cleaning service	negative
my mother and i went to get our nails done for a night out .	nails	positive
every now and then you find a bar that knows your name .	bar	positive
_num_ customers and one waitress ?	customers	negative
_num_ customers and one waitress ?	waitress	positive
just say $ _num_ and be done with the false advertising !	advertising	negative
dr sullivan is the best dr i have ever had .	sullivan	positive
dr sullivan is the best dr i have ever had .	dr	positive
we hung around the pool all afternoon , then enjoyed treatments .	pool	positive
we hung around the pool all afternoon , then enjoyed treatments .	treatments	positive
we worked closely with chris , the owner and he is remarkable .	owner	positive
follow up with the gm has not been pleasant either .	gm	negative
photos were a bit disturbing , but not in a good way .	photos	negative
love this place .	place	positive
the musical worship is so great !	musical worship	positive
adorable little italian restaurant with very very very attentive wait staff .	wait staff	positive
last but not least the management is horrible .	management	negative
one of them was sent back , the other only partially eaten .	eaten	negative
is it worth _num_ bucks for a crappy meal ?	meal	negative
sad indeed for a seafood restaurant that should be better than the rest .	seafood	negative
the cinnamon rolls are really tasty and the breakfast portions are a nice size .	cinnamon rolls	positive
the cinnamon rolls are really tasty and the breakfast portions are a nice size .	breakfast portions	positive
best chinese good in the area .	chinese good	positive
great location right on scottsdale rd .	location	positive
gus 's never ever surprises me anymore .	gus	positive
fellow foodies : these bagels are the best bagels in all the land !	bagels	positive
fellow foodies : these bagels are the best bagels in all the land !	bagels	positive
amanda did a great job with my hair .	hair	positive
owner knows what she 's doing .	owner	positive
just is n't my bag , baby .	bag	negative
the sauce was flavorful , tangy and very tasty .	sauce	positive
if i could give them no stars , i would .	stars	negative
i 'm in the industry too , i know how it goes !	industry	positive
the tortillas along with their cilantro butter are nothing short of amazing .	tortillas	positive
the tortillas along with their cilantro butter are nothing short of amazing .	cilantro butter	positive
it was all breading and very little chicken to be found .	breading	negative
it was all breading and very little chicken to be found .	chicken	negative
perhaps the management of this location need to be looked at by the owner .	management	negative
perhaps the management of this location need to be looked at by the owner .	location	negative
perhaps the management of this location need to be looked at by the owner .	owner	negative
it did come with tzatziki sauce but , i 've had better .	tzatziki sauce	positive
this is the area grazie seriously lacks .	area	negative
it was the very best fish and chips i have ever eaten anywhere .	fish and chips	positive
really cool spot .	spot	positive
half of the chicken was cold .	chicken	negative
i would definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
got ta take your family here and enjoy while you can .	family	positive
no smile , no hello , nothing .	smile	negative
went for breakfast with a friend and everything was really good !	breakfast	positive
delivery driver came without red peppers or parmesan cheese .	delivery driver	negative
delivery driver came without red peppers or parmesan cheese .	red peppers	negative
delivery driver came without red peppers or parmesan cheese .	parmesan cheese	negative
maybe you could have customers take a number to stay organized .	customers	positive
place is expensive , but great for a special dining experience !	place	negative
place is expensive , but great for a special dining experience !	dining experience	positive
did n't know a sandwich could be this good !	sandwich	positive
however it took our waitress forever to come to actually take our order .	waitress	negative
friendly staff .	staff	positive
we tried chicken marsala last night - very tasty and great portion size .	chicken marsala	positive
we tried chicken marsala last night - very tasty and great portion size .	portion size	positive
they remained there for our entire meal , which was pretty disturbing .	meal	negative
non prescription lenses worked much better .	lenses	positive
the owner is amazing , true italian and brought us an amazing nutella dessert !	owner	positive
the owner is amazing , true italian and brought us an amazing nutella dessert !	nutella dessert	positive
a nice place .	place	positive
best value in town !	value	positive
the tenderloin melted in our mouths , so ridiculously good .	tenderloin	positive
i am not kidding when i tell you _num_ minutes to stand in line .	line	positive
we always sit in the bar area and service is always outstanding .	bar area	positive
we always sit in the bar area and service is always outstanding .	service	positive
best tire shop in the valley !	tire shop	positive
great food .	food	positive
the beer was extremely watered down and the mixed drinks were horrible .	beer	negative
the beer was extremely watered down and the mixed drinks were horrible .	mixed drinks	negative
the tables are all saved by people crowded around the two tvs .	tables	negative
only good thing is their fries .	fries	positive
the customer service at this store is excellent !	customer service	positive
they have a fantastic room and separate patio for private events .	room	positive
they have a fantastic room and separate patio for private events .	patio	positive
the service was very bad .	service	negative
very bad food .	food	negative
this place is freakin terrible .	place	negative
either way the service was not good .	service	negative
the bar staff is friendly and so are the managers on site .	bar staff	positive
the bar staff is friendly and so are the managers on site .	managers	positive
nice selection .	selection	positive
this place wasnt worth the staycation or the money spent .	place	negative
this place wasnt worth the staycation or the money spent .	staycation	negative
this place wasnt worth the staycation or the money spent .	money	negative
no apology about the rush or no more beer just a snotty attitude .	rush	negative
no apology about the rush or no more beer just a snotty attitude .	beer	negative
my kids are ages _num_ & _num_ and love this place .	place	positive
very generous portions of amazing food !	portions	positive
very generous portions of amazing food !	food	positive
great friendly service , they make you feel at home .	service	positive
kudos to the pleasant staff .	staff	positive
my wife had the fettuccine alfredo and she did n't like it either .	fettuccine alfredo	negative
great for breakfast and lunch !	breakfast	positive
great for breakfast and lunch !	lunch	positive
the lobster starter was amazing !	lobster starter	positive
we love , love , love this place !	place	positive
service from the bartender ( ate at the bar ) was outstanding .	service	positive
service from the bartender ( ate at the bar ) was outstanding .	bartender	positive
service from the bartender ( ate at the bar ) was outstanding .	bar	positive
the staff is very attentive and friendly .	staff	positive
really nice place , worth it , go there .	place	positive
unfortunately the food was terrible .	food	negative
we got there right before the crowd hit !	crowd	negative
you lost big money ; big scottsdale money .	scottsdale money	negative
the atmosphere is bright and this place is usually loud and crowded .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is bright and this place is usually loud and crowded .	place	negative
the tom kha gai was really good at a spice number _num_ .	tom kha gai	positive
the tom kha gai was really good at a spice number _num_ .	spice number _num_	positive
she ordered the calamari and i chose the asian chicken .	calamari	positive
she ordered the calamari and i chose the asian chicken .	asian chicken	positive
first the place is beautiful with a royal decor and chandeliers .	place	positive
first the place is beautiful with a royal decor and chandeliers .	decor	positive
first the place is beautiful with a royal decor and chandeliers .	chandeliers	positive
no serious complaints about the food , but the service is just atrocious .	food	positive
no serious complaints about the food , but the service is just atrocious .	service	negative
if that does n't get you hooked the view is stunning .	view	positive
the food was ok but definitely not worth the wait .	food	negative
the food was ok but definitely not worth the wait .	wait	negative
the fried rice was bland and not as flavorful as i was expecting .	fried rice	negative
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	brunch	positive
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	selection	positive
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	quality	positive
i do n't want to eat in high school cafeteria with picky stupid kids .	cafeteria	negative
the other reviews are correct , this place is horrible .	place	negative
i called to let the office manager know what had happened .	office manager	positive
safe to say i did n't eat the sandwich .	sandwich	negative
the service is great , always friendly and the ny pizza is very tasty !	service	positive
they lost us as customers & we live in the neighborhood !	customers	negative
the eggs were under cooked and the hollandaise was very bland .	eggs	negative
the eggs were under cooked and the hollandaise was very bland .	hollandaise	negative
one of the best restaurants i have been to in scottsdale !	restaurants	positive
and the service is super fast !	service	positive
so after doing that , did she finally acknowledge me standing at the counter ?	counter	negative
great wine selection for all price ranges .	wine selection	positive
great wine selection for all price ranges .	price ranges	positive
their food is awesome and the service is impeccable .	food	positive
their food is awesome and the service is impeccable .	service	positive
cons : cover charge is ridiculous .	cover charge	negative
to spice things up , i added guac to my burrito .	burrito	positive
food is pretty good and you wo n't leave hungry .	food	positive
love the vibe of this place !	vibe	positive
love the vibe of this place !	place	positive
it is always busy and always worth the wait .	wait	positive
good prices as well .	prices	positive
this was probably the worst chinese food i 've ever forced down .	chinese food	negative
my most favorite mesa sushi house .	mesa sushi house	positive
this is my favorite sushi restaurant in arizona .	sushi	positive
best food and best service .	food	positive
best food and best service .	service	positive
none of their food was hot when ordered .	food	negative
the employees are so friendly !	employees	positive
nice ambiance too , think casual elegance .	ambiance	positive
so this review is for you , your service is horrible .	service	negative
amazing food .	food	positive
by far the best steak in town !	steak	positive
the store is pretty clean and the staff was all very nice .	store	positive
the store is pretty clean and the staff was all very nice .	staff	positive
we are so grateful for such a wonderful place !	place	positive
the daily specials are always a hit and the food is always fresh .	daily specials	positive
the daily specials are always a hit and the food is always fresh .	food	positive
the rice to fish ratio was totally off .	rice to fish ratio	negative
veggies , blah .	veggies	negative
i loved this place !	place	positive
i ordered a pizza sub here and it was great .	pizza sub	positive
the steaks are good but the prime rib is terrific !	steaks	positive
the steaks are good but the prime rib is terrific !	prime rib	positive
unfortunately , pita house falls short .	pita house	negative
i have been very happy with this company as a whole .	company	positive
great prime rib .	prime rib	positive
always fast and friendly and a strong drink !	drink	positive
very happy with marshall 's and will use them again .	marshall	positive
one word sums this place up ... avoid !	place	negative
they did n't even offer to comp us an app .	app	negative
good food , very good breakfast burritos .	food	positive
good food , very good breakfast burritos .	breakfast burritos	positive
what a pleasure to deal with these fine people .	people	positive
good alternative to the normal deep fried menu you see at most places .	deep fried menu	positive
this food is not very good .	food	negative
my advice , take customer service lessons from your local jimmy john 's .	customer service	positive
big thanks to james for all his help with my car !	car	positive
this place was average , nothing great.	place	negative
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .	breakfast	positive
great selection , great brands & great staff !	selection	positive
great selection , great brands & great staff !	brands	positive
great selection , great brands & great staff !	staff	positive
the atmosphere is elegant .	atmosphere	positive
it 's a calm , soothing atmosphere with friendly staff .	atmosphere	positive
it 's a calm , soothing atmosphere with friendly staff .	staff	positive
so cute , and they really hook you up when you do a tasting .	tasting	positive
a real italian deli .	italian	positive
comp my meal ?	meal	positive
great service.	service.	positive
ice machine broken on our floor and our tv did not work .	ice machine	negative
ice machine broken on our floor and our tv did not work .	floor	negative
ice machine broken on our floor and our tv did not work .	tv	negative
walking in , we loved the decor , and the wine bar .	decor	positive
walking in , we loved the decor , and the wine bar .	wine bar	positive
very nice resort near camelback mountain .	resort	positive
these guys do awesome work at such a fair price .	price	positive
great food and service .	food	positive
great food and service .	service	positive
service was fine but the decor seems or rather is very outdated .	service	positive
service was fine but the decor seems or rather is very outdated .	decor	negative
fun environment .	environment	positive
not an honest business .	business	negative
great happy hour scene and food selection .	food selection	positive
great food !	food	positive
then , took another _num_ minutes to get chips , salsa and a drink .	chips	negative
then , took another _num_ minutes to get chips , salsa and a drink .	salsa	positive
then , took another _num_ minutes to get chips , salsa and a drink .	drink	negative
best country breakfast in chandler .	country breakfast	positive
excellent food and great service !	food	positive
excellent food and great service !	service	positive
beautiful , beautiful property .	property	positive
i love love love this tattoo shop .	tattoo shop	positive
the rooms are clean and quiet .	rooms	positive
the food was delivered quickly and everything was just ok .	food	negative
i should n't have paid the bill .	bill	negative
best dillard 's i have ever been to !	dillard 's	positive
an hour passed , meanwhile people around us got their food within _num_ minutes .	food	negative
this place is amazing !	place	positive
great beer selection of super hard to find brews .	beer selection	positive
i guess thats where the workers get their attitude from .	workers	negative
she just shrugged and gave me my receipt .	receipt	negative
the taste was so good .	taste	positive
they did n't even have the right product from the beginning .	product	negative
the tow package is not an issue either .	tow package	positive
our pizzas also arrived cold .	pizzas	negative
they offered me a `` discounted '' diamond which i refused .	diamond	negative
the children were losing patience !	children	negative
the prices were good and everyone seemed to enjoy the food .	prices	positive
the prices were good and everyone seemed to enjoy the food .	food	positive
i got chocolate ice cream and fudge over a brownie .	chocolate ice cream and fudge	positive
we had a hurt dog and they got us right in this morning .	dog	negative
not just a form letter or something , a hand written , thoughtful note !	form letter	positive
i had the chopped salad , it was good .	chopped salad	positive
ate her again and it is poor food , the service was reasonable .	food	negative
ate her again and it is poor food , the service was reasonable .	service	positive
ordered for delivery .	delivery	negative
wow , this is a very good restaurant .	restaurant	positive
freshest possible bagels ... super friendly staff .	bagels	positive
freshest possible bagels ... super friendly staff .	staff	positive
the only good thing we had was the broccoli side for him .	broccoli side	positive
easy dining experience definitely on the regular rotation .	dining experience	positive
awesome meal !	meal	positive
love the live band , wine , apps and service !	live band	positive
love the live band , wine , apps and service !	wine	positive
love the live band , wine , apps and service !	apps	positive
love the live band , wine , apps and service !	service	positive
impressive by any fast food standards considering how often i 've come here .	fast food	positive
i will never visit this place again !	place	negative
we usually get a couple pizzas , and they are decent .	pizzas	positive
another awesome side note is that you can bring in your own food !	food	positive
the ribs were meaty , tender , and juicy .	ribs	positive
they always do a good job and the prices are great !	prices	positive
got terrible food poisoning !	food poisoning	negative
the outside and inside actually looked really nice too !	outside	positive
the outside and inside actually looked really nice too !	inside	positive
which is sad because this place has potential .	place	negative
so i go to scottsdale fashion square and find the store .	store	positive
service has always been nice !	service	positive
great selection of cigars and cigar boxes as well .	selection of cigars	positive
great selection of cigars and cigar boxes as well .	cigar boxes	positive
thin crust and delicious !	crust	positive
the shaved ice here is pretty good .	shaved ice	positive
great food , great atmosphere and great staff !	food	positive
great food , great atmosphere and great staff !	atmosphere	positive
great food , great atmosphere and great staff !	staff	positive
at $ _num_ , they should throw in breakfast .	breakfast	negative
very good meal and more than i could finish !	meal	positive
i am so very disappointed with all aspects of this office .	office	negative
this was absolutely the worst restaurant salad i 've ever had .	restaurant salad	negative
took good care of ray and buddy in a very clean environment !	environment	positive
bread was so fresh .	bread	positive
great customer service !	customer service	positive
we 're not supposed to know which sushi is which , the servers are .	sushi	negative
we 're not supposed to know which sushi is which , the servers are .	servers	negative
the chowder was so-so .	chowder	positive
never in my life have i been treated so poorly in a sales environment .	sales environment	negative
simple good food .	food	positive
the pink decor was fun and carried through to the napkins .	pink decor	positive
the pink decor was fun and carried through to the napkins .	napkins	positive
top notch company !	company	positive
poor customer service .	customer service	negative
terrible experience here this afternoon .	experience	negative
service was slow .	service	negative
this place is the best of all worlds .	place	positive
the food at the grill was amazing and the service was amazing too !	food	positive
the food at the grill was amazing and the service was amazing too !	service	positive
very cute little wine bar .	wine bar	positive
this is a place i 'd order from again .	place	positive
the receptionist person is also very nice and professional .	receptionist person	positive
would recommend this gym to anyone who wants a nice place to train .	gym	positive
would recommend this gym to anyone who wants a nice place to train .	place	positive
the owner is very unfriendly .	owner	negative
$ _num_ later we boxed up the food only to throw it away .	food	negative
terrible management .	management	negative
definitely a fun evening .	evening	positive
i especially enjoyed the flautas and guacamole .	flautas	positive
i especially enjoyed the flautas and guacamole .	guacamole	positive
did i really just wait _num_ minutes for someone to take my credit card ?	credit	negative
just not worth the money or time for that kind of experience .	money	negative
very friendly staff .	staff	positive
i would recommend this apartment complex .	apartment complex	positive
jenny is the best and can work with any hair type or color .	hair type	positive
jenny is the best and can work with any hair type or color .	color	positive
hope they update and hope the service stays as excellent .	service	positive
simple health care practice visit .	health care practice visit	positive
manager was super nice .	manager	positive
i 've never had such bad food at a restaurant .	food	positive
for the entree , i had the shrimp in lobster sauce .	entree	positive
for the entree , i had the shrimp in lobster sauce .	shrimp in lobster sauce	positive
eggs scrambled with jalapenos !	eggs	positive
eggs scrambled with jalapenos !	jalapenos	positive
this is a popular place and it gets crowded .	place	positive
service was great .	service	positive
i highly recommend east valley dental care .	dental care	positive
got my order within _num_ minutes , food was hot and really good .	food	positive
we had a cheese crisp with chicken and a mexican salad .	cheese crisp with chicken	positive
we had a cheese crisp with chicken and a mexican salad .	mexican salad	positive
the owner interacted with us and made helpful suggestions .	owner	positive
awesome pizza .	pizza	positive
they helped us out that words ca n't even describe .	ca	negative
a true cowboy hangout with live country music .	live country music	positive
no diet coke .	diet coke	negative
amazing experience , amazing dress and a really good price !	dress	positive
amazing experience , amazing dress and a really good price !	price	positive
the servers are friendly and efficient .	servers	positive
very clean store and friendly service .	store	positive
very clean store and friendly service .	service	positive
i absolutely loved this place !	place	positive
the food is not a reason to go there .	food	negative
after _num_ minutes they had one bike ready to go .	bike	positive
absolutely love their pizza .	pizza	positive
had a great dinner on a thursday evening .	dinner	positive
all smooth and the flavors are so good .	flavors	positive
you get lots of different options and the prices are pretty reasonable .	options	positive
you get lots of different options and the prices are pretty reasonable .	prices	positive
would be _num_ stars if not for the gross pest problem .	pest problem	negative
teachers are amazing and care for every child 's everyday needs .	teachers	positive
a great place to relax with girlfriends or go on a date .	place	positive
i highly recommend adobe animal hospital !	adobe animal hospital	positive
what more can i say except it is over priced , greasy mexican food !	mexican food	negative
a nice change from the other bars in old town .	bars	positive
this place is so much fun !	place	positive
also , the restaurant itself is very beautiful .	restaurant	positive
the food is not bad , the prices can be a bit lower .	food	positive
the food is not bad , the prices can be a bit lower .	prices	negative
and the taco shells had been par cooked to long in advance .	taco shells	negative
friendly customer service .	customer service	positive
and even those did n't work as the signal was so bad .	signal	negative
i came here to grab lunch based on the reviews and was disappointed !	lunch	negative
it 's 6:30 now on thursday night and we are the only table .	table	positive
so glad art one gallery exists !	art	positive
great food , drinks and service.	food	positive
great food , drinks and service.	drinks	positive
great food , drinks and service.	service.	positive
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	benedict	positive
love this pizza chain .	pizza chain	positive
definitely a big fan of this place !	place	positive
the website is even worse .	website	positive
this place sucks a $ $ !	place	negative
also there was not a varied choice of pasta .	choice of pasta	negative
jim was available right away for the estimate .	estimate	positive
everybody says the economy sucks .	economy	negative
note : you can not order the main menu from the bar .	main menu	negative
note : you can not order the main menu from the bar .	bar	negative
so i quickly signed the papers and took delivery of the bike .	bike	positive
the entire atmosphere and decor is amazing !	atmosphere	positive
the entire atmosphere and decor is amazing !	decor	positive
a loud speaker would have been a good idea .	loud speaker	negative
awesome place .	place	positive
our server forgot to put my order in and got my friends order wrong .	server	negative
only half of the order was served .	order	negative
only half of the order was served .	served	negative
i called in an order for pick up , it was a thursday night .	pick	positive
jen was our waitress who was very polite and professional .	waitress	positive
great company .	company	positive
the food is average at best , as is the service .	food	positive
the food is average at best , as is the service .	service	positive
i think we found our local reverse happy hour spot .	reverse happy hour spot	positive
the food is superb !	food	positive
friendly staff , amazing food , huge selection !	staff	positive
friendly staff , amazing food , huge selection !	food	positive
i had a very nice shopping experience here .	shopping	positive
this is amazing hummus and pita bread .	hummus and pita bread	positive
the service was great as well !	service	positive
i would not bring a car rental here .	car rental	negative
i saw denise for the second time and am very happy with her work .	work	positive
i must say , applebee 's has really stepped up their game lately !	applebee	positive
i must say , applebee 's has really stepped up their game lately !	game	positive
my filter literally has a leak shooting in the air .	filter	negative
potato salad is the best .	potato salad	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
the espresso was way too hot .	espresso	negative
i really liked that they allow pets here .	pets	positive
arrived _num_ min .	arrived	positive
beautiful room , helpful staff and a great stay all together .	room	positive
beautiful room , helpful staff and a great stay all together .	staff	positive
beautiful room , helpful staff and a great stay all together .	stay	positive
i also tasted the chimichangas .	chimichangas	positive
good job kids !	kids	positive
love this nursery .	nursery	positive
friendly service .	service	positive
wish yelp would start giving the option of half and quarter stars .	half	positive
service has always been good and the servers have been friendly .	service	positive
service has always been good and the servers have been friendly .	servers	positive
save your money and your health and go down the street .	money	positive
save your money and your health and go down the street .	health	positive
great place !	place	positive
she nails my color request every time and i leave that place looking amazing .	color	positive
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	pizza	positive
spend your money elsewhere !	money	negative
this woman is rude and lacks even the smallest bit of customer service .	woman	negative
this woman is rude and lacks even the smallest bit of customer service .	customer service	negative
i had the beef kabob pita to go and loved it .	beef kabob pita	positive
there were about three tables open and a dozen seats open at the bar .	tables	negative
there were about three tables open and a dozen seats open at the bar .	seats	negative
there were about three tables open and a dozen seats open at the bar .	bar	negative
the prices are also very fair .	prices	positive
so after having to drive back to chandler and find an atm .	atm	negative
it 's a fun place to go to relax .	place	positive
perfection .	perfection	positive
it is a pretty small place , but has a really good atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
this place is absolutely fantastic and worth the drive up from tempe .	place	positive
this place is absolutely fantastic and worth the drive up from tempe .	tempe	positive
she said she could n't leave the area .	area	negative
see some of my photos .	photos	positive
however , the last time we came , the wings were horrible .	wings	negative
the interior is nice and the artwork is lovely .	interior	positive
the interior is nice and the artwork is lovely .	artwork	positive
service is great !	service	positive
just last week my husband and i decided to try papago one last time .	papago	positive
this place is great for ambiance food and service .	ambiance food	positive
this place is great for ambiance food and service .	service	positive
then i did my first driving outing with them from _num_ to 9:30 pm .	driving	positive
the food & atmosphere were both very good .	food	positive
the food & atmosphere were both very good .	atmosphere	positive
the pedi was very efficient and done well .	pedi	positive
good food but they do n't book very good bands .	food	positive
good food but they do n't book very good bands .	bands	negative
kendra does my color and cut and she is fantastic .	kendra	positive
kendra does my color and cut and she is fantastic .	color	positive
kendra does my color and cut and she is fantastic .	cut	positive
good food , good service .	food	positive
good food , good service .	service	positive
very disappointed diamond member .	diamond member	negative
my family and i live close to fiesta burrito and love it !	fiesta burrito	positive
i love the staff .	staff	positive
good place .	place	positive
i called the dealership and was told that this is standard .	dealership	positive
stop in for some cold ac and have a drink .	cold ac	positive
stop in for some cold ac and have a drink .	drink	positive
this place has a mom and pop feel .	place	positive
they have great food and the portion sizes are pretty big .	food	positive
they have great food and the portion sizes are pretty big .	portion sizes	positive
the waitress sucked .	waitress	negative
four pieces of hard lamb ... and _num_ % of the dish jasmine rice .	dish jasmine rice	positive
i dream of this place .	place	positive
i found this place when i first moved to the valley .	place	positive
i found this place when i first moved to the valley .	valley	positive
the housekeeping continued to be a problem though .	housekeeping	negative
week after week i go into these stores and have one problem after another .	stores	negative
the meat was pretty dry .	meat	negative
desert followed but nothing special .	desert	negative
the bartenders are above average and the owner is super friendly and involved .	bartenders	positive
the bartenders are above average and the owner is super friendly and involved .	owner	positive
shannon is so rude !	shannon	negative
it was the service that our group received today that was not so good .	service	negative
our waitress was friendly and prompt .	waitress	positive
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .	dr pepper ribs	positive
good service , good food , good prices .	service	positive
good service , good food , good prices .	food	positive
good service , good food , good prices .	prices	positive
justin and dustin are always friendly and helpful .	justin	positive
justin and dustin are always friendly and helpful .	dustin	positive
the juice is fresh and helped wash everything down .	juice	positive
food comes out piping hot and fresh as can be .	food	positive
also , i feel that service has almost always been extremely slow .	service	negative
i love nordstrom .	nordstrom	positive
the hh is really good , and until _num_ pm !	hh	positive
love the patio !	patio	positive
drink menu had a nice mix .	drink menu	positive
drink menu had a nice mix .	mix	positive
the bartender was friendly and chatted us up while we waited to be seated .	bartender	positive
i will always love this place .	place	positive
it 's the perfect place to have a good priced beer and people watch .	priced beer	positive
i love their chili rubbed salmon !	chili rubbed salmon	positive
such a fun place !	place	positive
my bf picked up chinese since i mentioned that i was craving some .	chinese	negative
_num_ stars for excellent customer service and tasty food !	customer service	positive
_num_ stars for excellent customer service and tasty food !	food	positive
always the right order .	order	positive
a shame , if they fix it i 'll improve my rating .	rating	negative
bad reviews , horrible service , etc .	service	negative
i would have rather stayed home and sat in the bathtub .	bathtub	negative
this location is clean , efficient , and engaging .	location	positive
highly recommend the buttermilk chicken .	buttermilk chicken	positive
there was way too much icing to roll ratio .	icing	negative
there was way too much icing to roll ratio .	roll ratio	negative
the manager here at this location is awesome she runs a good crew .	manager	positive
the manager here at this location is awesome she runs a good crew .	crew	positive
it was $ _num_ on $ _num_ bill .	$	positive
it was $ _num_ on $ _num_ bill .	bill	positive
i am not happy leaving this place !	place	negative
i always got great , friendly service .	service	positive
the wifey and i shall never return .	wifey	positive
best pricing in town .	pricing	positive
why do you bring in the best bands and then torture me ?	bands	negative
they did n't put them in our bag .	bag	negative
i know it 's old school scottsdale but it needs an overhaul .	scottsdale	positive
was really pleased with my meal and the excellent service .	meal	positive
was really pleased with my meal and the excellent service .	service	positive
palm glen has very reasonable boarding rates !	boarding rates	positive
solid mexican food .	mexican food	positive
i simply love that they offer a variety of sugar free cakes and pastries .	cakes	positive
i simply love that they offer a variety of sugar free cakes and pastries .	pastries	positive
i would highly recommend this veterinary office .	veterinary office	positive
i ca n't even give this place _num_ star .	place _num_	negative
ribs tough = these babies will never fall off the bone .	ribs	negative
ribs tough = these babies will never fall off the bone .	babies	positive
the staff were so caring and helpful !	staff	positive
we love this place !	place	positive
staff is friendly .	staff	positive
the staff is great and the people are super friendly .	staff	positive
the staff is great and the people are super friendly .	people	positive
the best sandwiches made on fresh baked bread !	sandwiches	positive
dr mike was very , very good .	dr mike	positive
the service is very bad .	service	negative
the food had nothing redeeming about it and was very cold .	food	negative
super good deals and very friendly staff .	deals	positive
super good deals and very friendly staff .	staff	positive
very refreshing , a little sweet , a little tart .	tart	positive
amazing price .	price	positive
they are always very caring and gentle with my animals .	animals	positive
the inside job was laughable .	inside job	positive
great product and awesome customer service .	product	positive
great product and awesome customer service .	customer service	positive
the only good thing was the fire roasted tomato and the beef kebab .	fire roasted tomato	positive
the only good thing was the fire roasted tomato and the beef kebab .	beef kebab	positive
figured i 'd try a chorizo and egg burrito .	chorizo and egg burrito	positive
the sauce added nothing to the fish .	sauce	negative
the sauce added nothing to the fish .	fish	negative
was told we were moving into a newly remodeled apartment ... not true .	apartment	negative
meh , we were n't that impressed with our latest visit to top shelf .	shelf	negative
nice enough looking location .	location	positive
the facial was the best !	facial	positive
our trip next year we will not be picking this hotel again .	hotel	negative
they were also extremely fair in pricing .	pricing	positive
highly recommended if you enjoy kalbi ribs or bulgogi .	kalbi ribs	positive
highly recommended if you enjoy kalbi ribs or bulgogi .	bulgogi	positive
when you get past the quantity you realize that the food is pretty bland .	quantity	negative
when you get past the quantity you realize that the food is pretty bland .	food	negative
it 's very convenient to my home , but not at that cost .	home	positive
it 's very convenient to my home , but not at that cost .	cost	positive
tom is wonderful and all of the doctors are great .	tom	positive
tom is wonderful and all of the doctors are great .	doctors	positive
horrible customer service !	customer service	negative
i was told it was 1st come , 1st served .	served	positive
every time i 've been here the food has been excellent !	food	positive
we love the phoenician !	phoenician	positive
i throughly enjoyed my haircut at steven paul .	haircut	positive
this is just a poorly run company .	company	negative
that 's how you get repeat and referral business .	repeat	positive
that 's how you get repeat and referral business .	referral business	positive
i love thai food , i would eat it every night if i could .	thai food	positive
the sicilian pizza is outstanding .	sicilian pizza	positive
i had lunch at lon 's and wow , what a great experience .	lunch	positive
they were so happy getting their hair , nails and makeup done !	hair	positive
they were so happy getting their hair , nails and makeup done !	nails	positive
they were so happy getting their hair , nails and makeup done !	makeup	positive
ordered a sampler platter with different goodies to try -- all tasty !	sampler platter	positive
ordered a sampler platter with different goodies to try -- all tasty !	goodies	positive
the prices are great too !	prices	positive
their dessert calzone with nutella and bananas is fantastic .	dessert calzone with nutella and bananas	positive
i love the community and the staff is always very friendly and helpful .	community	positive
i love the community and the staff is always very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
`` the best steak i 've ever had '' , he said .	steak	positive
very pleased with service and quality of work .	service	positive
the pitas are also great.	pitas	positive
the tamales were incredibly flavorful .	tamales	positive
it 's a great atmosphere and wonderful decoration and decor .	atmosphere	positive
it 's a great atmosphere and wonderful decoration and decor .	decoration	positive
it 's a great atmosphere and wonderful decoration and decor .	decor	positive
unfortunately this ups location is less than friendly or helpful .	location	negative
i 've yet to try their food but the ice cream is delicious .	food	positive
i 've yet to try their food but the ice cream is delicious .	ice cream	positive
pretty good food service is ok but the employees are very friendly .	food service	positive
pretty good food service is ok but the employees are very friendly .	employees	positive
great bar in old town !	bar	positive
with an age appropriate group it is quite enjoyable .	group	positive
awesome customer service .	customer service	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the beer is priced very well and includes local brews .	beer	positive
the beer is priced very well and includes local brews .	priced	positive
the food was delicious and the place was gorgeous .	food	positive
the food was delicious and the place was gorgeous .	place	positive
also love the ciao shots with the lime on top .	ciao shots	positive
also love the ciao shots with the lime on top .	lime	positive
so not authentic and a lot of the stuff does n't taste good .	stuff	negative
the sandwiches are really good and very nicely priced for what you get .	sandwiches	positive
the sandwiches are really good and very nicely priced for what you get .	priced	positive
what a nice company to do business with .	company	positive
best take out or eat in sushi !	take out	positive
best take out or eat in sushi !	sushi	positive
nothing about the italian sandwich is italian .	italian sandwich	negative
the beer selection is great .	beer selection	positive
the place is pricey but worth it .	place	negative
this is my favorite greek restaurant i have ever eaten at .	greek restaurant	positive
great location in the old town part of scottsdale .	location	positive
i want to like port of subs because they are conveniently located .	port of subs	positive
the food is amazing .	food	positive
the chimis were less than good , with absolutely no seasonings for the meat .	chimis	negative
the chimis were less than good , with absolutely no seasonings for the meat .	meat	negative
mike the store manager and his team area an amazing group of folks !	store manager	positive
mike the store manager and his team area an amazing group of folks !	team area	positive
need extra towels or pillows from housekeeping expect to wait an hour .	towels	negative
need extra towels or pillows from housekeeping expect to wait an hour .	pillows	negative
staff is polite , friendly and professional and answered all my questions .	staff	positive
fresh seafood for awesome prices .	seafood	positive
fresh seafood for awesome prices .	prices	positive
prob the most screwed up restaurant in scottsdale .	restaurant	negative
we enjoyed the large portions and live music while dining .	portions	positive
we enjoyed the large portions and live music while dining .	live music	positive
i enjoyed this place very much .	place	positive
if you are thinking of going here i recommend the crepes or the pancakes .	crepes	positive
if you are thinking of going here i recommend the crepes or the pancakes .	pancakes	positive
no `` how 's the food ? ''	food	positive
prices for each were very reasonable and we also had a restaurant.com card .	prices	positive
we 've been here _num_ nights and had to change rooms _num_ times .	rooms _num_	negative
service was excellent both times i was there a year apart .	service	positive
large portions and tasty food !	portions	positive
large portions and tasty food !	food	positive
( hard to beat those , people ! )	people	negative
eat this pizza .	pizza	positive
they have my all time favorite chips and salsa and a really cool patio .	chips and salsa	positive
they have my all time favorite chips and salsa and a really cool patio .	patio	positive
so i paid full price for a very sad steak dinner .	steak dinner	negative
cute little place in the mall .	place	positive
well when the food came i noticed that my chicken looked a little weird .	food	negative
well when the food came i noticed that my chicken looked a little weird .	chicken	negative
needless to say i was n't going to pay the higher price and walked .	price	negative
had to wait _num_ minutes for a burger and fries .	burger and fries	negative
great place to take your vehicle .	place	positive
great place to take your vehicle .	vehicle	positive
definitely great food , good atmosphere , and our service was fine .	food	positive
definitely great food , good atmosphere , and our service was fine .	atmosphere	positive
definitely great food , good atmosphere , and our service was fine .	service	positive
there are plenty of professional , customer friendly dentists to choose from .	dentists	positive
the food tastes like love and pride .	food	positive
whatever salad dressing is on the bottom is amazing !	salad dressing	positive
next time we 'll order their fish , which i hear is quite wonderful .	fish	positive
good service !	service	positive
we loved him and also a few other comedians .	comedians	positive
good food .	food	positive
should have comped the entire meal .	meal	negative
everyone enjoyed their meal and service .	meal	positive
everyone enjoyed their meal and service .	service	positive
the office was clean and everyone was very professional .	office	positive
do n't fall for it , all of lines are long .	lines	positive
also the security to get inside is ridiculous .	security	negative
i recommend any of their margaritas -- always yummy !	margaritas	positive
the service was great .	service	positive
it was good mexican but not for the prices they charge .	mexican	positive
it was good mexican but not for the prices they charge .	prices	negative
3rd or 4th phone call got refund for late delivery .	delivery	negative
servers were friendly and attentive .	servers	positive
super place for out of town guests .	guests	positive
one of my favorite spots in scottsdale .	spots	positive
and the prices are way reasonable !	prices	positive
amazing red chile burrito !	red chile burrito	positive
also , not one front office person still works there from when i started .	front office	negative
do n't waste your time or money !	money	positive
good food , chicken plate is well seasoned and portions are great .	food	positive
good food , chicken plate is well seasoned and portions are great .	chicken plate	positive
good food , chicken plate is well seasoned and portions are great .	portions	positive
only thing good is the location .	location	positive
all the guys here are very kind & helpful .	guys	positive
what a great place in an unexpected location .	place	positive
what a great place in an unexpected location .	location	positive
they do boarding and grooming as well !	boarding	positive
they do boarding and grooming as well !	grooming	positive
room is kind of old , nothing special about it .	room	negative
the location is ideal for exploring scottsdale , tempe and arizona .	location	positive
our waitress was extra friendly , courteous and prompt .	waitress	positive
this place is pretty amazing .	place	positive
ordered the classic beef sandwich and arby fries to go .	classic beef sandwich	positive
ordered the classic beef sandwich and arby fries to go .	arby fries	positive
very questionable service to me .	service	negative
if you 're looking for a great salon , this is it .	salon	positive
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .	steak	positive
worst applebee 's every .	applebee	negative
the meal was yummy and authentic .	meal	positive
food , nothing special but it is more of a bar than a restaurant .	food	negative
food , nothing special but it is more of a bar than a restaurant .	bar	positive
stay away from north scottsdale nursery and cactus .	nursery	negative
stay away from north scottsdale nursery and cactus .	cactus	negative
good sports bar .	sports bar	positive
taps are great , great selection .	taps	positive
taps are great , great selection .	selection	positive
i do not recommend this place .	place	negative
the second bartender named ted , ( _num_ hour ) was absolutely obnoxious .	bartender	negative
delicious food and amazing service .	food	positive
delicious food and amazing service .	service	positive
great people .	people	positive
the lunch special comes with soup and an egg roll .	lunch special	positive
the lunch special comes with soup and an egg roll .	soup	positive
the lunch special comes with soup and an egg roll .	egg roll	positive
it 's a great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
delicious food and desserts .	food	positive
delicious food and desserts .	desserts	positive
they could not be a more unethical business practice .	business	negative
cheap price with cheap quality .	price	positive
cheap price with cheap quality .	quality	positive
i was sitting at the bar and left my drink to use the restroom .	drink	negative
not gon na buy boots here anymore .	boots	negative
this apartment is clearly a death trap .	apartment	negative
yes , a form of cabbage !	form of cabbage	positive
food is fantastic .	food	positive
best mani-pedi in mesa .	mani-pedi in mesa	positive
oh my , how could you top the ice cream at this place .	ice cream	positive
they really have a great selection .	selection	positive
the staff is knowledgeable about their wines , and should be so .	staff	positive
the staff is knowledgeable about their wines , and should be so .	wines	positive
well the time came again when i needed palm glen .	palm glen	positive
the whole family loves this place .	place	positive
the atmosphere was really nice here.	atmosphere	positive
kelly was fantastic .	kelly	positive
been going for many years and love the food .	food	positive
the sauce is perfect as well .	sauce	positive
do not buy deals for this place at all .	deals	negative
do not buy deals for this place at all .	place	negative
the warm shower and the lotion afterwards , heaven i 'm telling you .	shower	positive
the warm shower and the lotion afterwards , heaven i 'm telling you .	lotion	positive
we absolutely love the food but the management is rude .	food	positive
we absolutely love the food but the management is rude .	management	negative
the staff is friendly and the water is pure .	staff	positive
the staff is friendly and the water is pure .	water	positive
we had empty glasses for over _num_ minutes .	glasses	negative
there are so many better places in old town than this hell hole .	places	positive
big gripe : no fries ?	gripe	negative
big gripe : no fries ?	fries	negative
great nail salon .	nail salon	positive
terrible employees , most unhelpful group of people i ever met .	employees	negative
apparently they do not need our business .	business	negative
if you want a really nice park try salt river fields or camelback ranch .	park	positive
if you want a really nice park try salt river fields or camelback ranch .	salt river fields	positive
if you want a really nice park try salt river fields or camelback ranch .	camelback ranch	positive
the employees are very friendly and nice .	employees	positive
he found the car i wanted and got me a great deal !	car	positive
anthony , our server , was great .	server	positive
love their food , great for lunch and breakfast ... .	food	positive
love their food , great for lunch and breakfast ... .	lunch	positive
love their food , great for lunch and breakfast ... .	breakfast	positive
each time i used the restroom i never once saw people wash their hands .	restroom	positive
they are incredible as a banking establishment .	banking	positive
avoid this , pay less and get better food in tempe , at rula .	food	negative
the side dishes are excellent .	side dishes	positive
great grub after a night out !	grub	positive
all this and they sell lovely italian grocery items .	italian grocery items	positive
it 's close to our house so that is a huge bonus .	house	positive
even the escargot was great .	escargot	positive
my daughter really likes their hummus .	hummus	positive
i absolutely recommend getting the egg foo young .	egg foo	positive
bartender rob knows how to make our drinks perfectly the way we like .	bartender	positive
bartender rob knows how to make our drinks perfectly the way we like .	drinks	positive
this is a nice antique store .	antique store	positive
i would have given this place _num_ stars prior to the recent experiences .	place	positive
save your money call your primary at least they care .	money	positive
the menu is pretty extensive .	menu	positive
good location , decent food .	location	positive
good location , decent food .	food	positive
the food is consistently average , but the service is just awful right now .	food	negative
the food is consistently average , but the service is just awful right now .	service	negative
love rosati 's ... staff is always friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
the groupon was for _num_ , _num_ or _num_ people .	groupon	positive
an a+ experience in terms of courtesy and helpfulness .	courtesy	positive
great pizza and they deliver .	pizza	positive
prices are average , the atmosphere is nice and homey .	prices	positive
prices are average , the atmosphere is nice and homey .	atmosphere	positive
wait staff is terrific !	wait staff	positive
the accommodations were so-so .	accommodations	positive
service needs severe work .	service	negative
the staff are super friendly and knowledgeable !	staff	positive
staff is always super friendly !	staff	positive
food was great .	food	positive
very special place and highly recommended .	place	positive
on principle alone this company really disappointed me .	company	negative
food was good service was even better .	food	positive
food was good service was even better .	service	positive
our pizza was horrible .	pizza	negative
the egg rolls were so good , we ordered another batch lol .	egg rolls	positive
the techs there are more concerned with chatting with friends than helping a customer .	techs	negative
the techs there are more concerned with chatting with friends than helping a customer .	customer	negative
also , this was some of the worst service i have ever experienced .	service	negative
the best donuts in chandler !	donuts	positive
courteous staff was helpful , honest and completed services for a fair price .	staff	positive
courteous staff was helpful , honest and completed services for a fair price .	services	positive
courteous staff was helpful , honest and completed services for a fair price .	price	positive
once we got home , the puppy started getting worse .	puppy	negative
very clean and actually very nice business style hotel for the price .	business	positive
very clean and actually very nice business style hotel for the price .	hotel	positive
very clean and actually very nice business style hotel for the price .	price	positive
cold sandwiches are good and come with a fresh side salad .	cold sandwiches	positive
cold sandwiches are good and come with a fresh side salad .	side salad	positive
their drinks are so overpriced , even for a comedy club .	drinks	negative
i felt bad at first for her but do n't pay for shitty service .	service	negative
i love this location !	location	positive
do try their big ass burger as it 's the best !	ass burger	positive
found this gem of a service center in scottsdale !	service center	positive
they are reasonable in their pricing and explain everything thoroughly .	pricing	positive
service is fast .	service	positive
we had burger and roast beef sandwiches .	burger	positive
we had burger and roast beef sandwiches .	roast beef sandwiches	positive
ordered pizza online twice now with delayed delivery to suit my schedule .	pizza	negative
ordered pizza online twice now with delayed delivery to suit my schedule .	delayed delivery	negative
_num_ % the best there is when it comes to gyros .	gyros	positive
the best thai food i have ever had !	thai food	positive
i had the iron skillet and it was such a cool dish .	iron skillet	positive
i had the iron skillet and it was such a cool dish .	dish	positive
i stayed at this property for _num_ days .	property	positive
they have wonderful indoor and outdoor seating .	indoor	positive
they have wonderful indoor and outdoor seating .	outdoor seating	positive
ordered a large pizza with extra cheese for take out last night .	pizza	positive
ordered a large pizza with extra cheese for take out last night .	cheese	positive
ordered a large pizza with extra cheese for take out last night .	take	positive
only stayed for an hour because of the heat in the building .	heat	negative
it was a lovely experience for my first ever tiffany 's purchase !	tiffany	positive
tonight i came into join some friends for a meal .	meal	positive
the food was incredible and the service was outstanding .	food	positive
the food was incredible and the service was outstanding .	service	positive
i 've been getting my hair done here for years and i love it .	hair	positive
elegant , adult , atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
overall , these apartments are `` okay . ''	apartments	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .	pricing	positive
probably the best meal in arizona .	meal	positive
so glad we stumbled upon this place last weekend !	place	positive
good chips and salsa , though you must ask for another basket .	chips	positive
good chips and salsa , though you must ask for another basket .	basket	positive
hell id even take taco bell over this highly priced , awful establishment !	priced	negative
seafood , even in arizona , should n't be this bad .	seafood	positive
great food .	food	positive
flavorful , tender , and tasting of the flame .	flame	positive
long happy hour & adequate pricing .	pricing	positive
friendly staff !	staff	positive
consistently great care , friendly staff could n't recommend enough .	staff	positive
they have absolutely no idea how to make a dirty martini !	martini	negative
from beginner dancing to advanced , enjoy .	beginner	positive
terrible cafeteria salad .	cafeteria salad	negative
highly recommend this place .	place	positive
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .	pizza	negative
such a cool place !	place	positive
casual and quick , the salsa bar is great .	salsa bar	positive
i ordered the stuffed tomato , and husband ordered the bbq pork sandwich .	stuffed tomato	positive
i ordered the stuffed tomato , and husband ordered the bbq pork sandwich .	bbq pork sandwich	positive
that was not enough to justify the _num_ price tag .	price tag	negative
the woman who runs the shop is rude .	woman	negative
the woman who runs the shop is rude .	shop	negative
always a great time at the comedy spot !	comedy spot	positive
had a great date night with my husband .	date	positive
twice , my order was wrong .	order	negative
furniture that is good , stylish and a good price .	furniture	positive
furniture that is good , stylish and a good price .	price	positive
great kebab dishes and good service .	kebab dishes	positive
great kebab dishes and good service .	service	positive
this place is as close as it gets for a chain .	place	positive
this place is as close as it gets for a chain .	chain	positive
i highly recommend this place for any meal .	meal	positive
the falafel , disgusting .	falafel	negative
great for date night or a family celebration .	date	positive
great for date night or a family celebration .	family celebration	positive
that was probably the perk of the whole night .	perk	positive
when i pulled up i gave her my debit card .	debit	positive
it is definitely my new favorite beer .	beer	positive
the service was very slow , which i wo n't hold against them .	service	negative
fast , friendly and honest service .	service	positive
anyway , this papa john 's is really good .	papa john 's	positive
great service , great seats , great show and decent food to boot .	service	positive
great service , great seats , great show and decent food to boot .	seats	positive
great service , great seats , great show and decent food to boot .	food	positive
my first course was a caesar salad .	course	positive
my first course was a caesar salad .	caesar salad	positive
it was juicy and full of flavor .	flavor	positive
management is even worse .	management	positive
they always apologize about the wait and yet do nothing to fix it .	wait	negative
the pad thai was very average .	pad thai	negative
so my tab came and the total was _num_ !	tab	positive
so my tab came and the total was _num_ !	total	positive
this is a great place for a casual evening or group event .	casual evening	positive
i had an expired groupon that i was going to use paid value for .	groupon	negative
_num_ inches on each side had no meat .	meat	negative
delicious and service is always amazing .	service	positive
the attempt at making fresh guac ' was pitiful .	guac '	positive
the crystal chandeliers , upon entering the building , are very inviting .	crystal chandeliers	positive
meanwhile they have all this cardinals signage up .	cardinals signage	positive
i 've definitely found my new favorite nail place !	nail place	positive
chips and salsa arrived promptly and our waitress introduced herself quickly .	chips	positive
chips and salsa arrived promptly and our waitress introduced herself quickly .	waitress	positive
if necessary , he makes outstanding referrals .	referrals	positive
valet broke my window .	valet	negative
why did n't they knock on some doors or investigate the matter further ?	doors	negative
this place rocks !	place	positive
about _num_ minutes passes , no beer , by then my wine was gone .	beer	negative
about _num_ minutes passes , no beer , by then my wine was gone .	wine	negative
people there are rude and talk down to you .	people	negative
i will not have dessert .	dessert	negative
love the place , and would recommend it to anyone who asked !	place	positive
did we say something wrong or did we look at the waitress wrong ?	waitress	negative
by far the best gyro place in town .	gyro place	positive
it 's just not worth the risk .	risk	negative
so my friend kristen got me a gift certificate for orange table .	gift	positive
so my friend kristen got me a gift certificate for orange table .	orange table	positive
i 'm just happy that there are still places like this in phoenix .	places	positive
the restaurant is pretty tiny and parking is kind of tough in the area .	parking	negative
great pizza !	pizza	positive
this place sucks .	place	negative
great food and very friendly staff .	food	positive
great food and very friendly staff .	staff	positive
the food ( and drink of course ) is always amazing .	food	positive
the food ( and drink of course ) is always amazing .	drink	positive
my family has eaten here a few times for dinner as well .	dinner	positive
service was terrible !	service	negative
i never like buffet 's but this is horrible .	buffet	negative
i could not tell any difference in the noise level .	noise level	negative
owner was very cheery and helpful with the menu !	owner	positive
owner was very cheery and helpful with the menu !	menu	positive
his location is awesome !	location	positive
this place is quite underwhelming .	place	negative
this hotel is by far one of the best .	hotel	positive
good food , nice relaxing authentic atmosphere .	food	positive
good food , nice relaxing authentic atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
miller genuine draft on tap ; when was the last time you found that !	draft on tap	positive
not the best of dining experiences .	dining experiences	negative
tots and my favorite strawberry slush .	tots	positive
tots and my favorite strawberry slush .	strawberry slush	positive
really liked the pollo relleno .	pollo relleno	positive
their customer service is amazing !	customer service	positive
lazy dj .	dj	positive
i love robert 's catering !	catering	positive
thanks for treating your customers like royalty , dd !	customers	positive
the prices are great .	prices	positive
water tastes dirty ice tea was terrible .	water	negative
water tastes dirty ice tea was terrible .	ice tea	negative
love this place !	place	positive
this place is racist .	place	negative
horrible service .	service	negative
waiter was helpful and nice .	waiter	positive
without a doubt this is the best pizza scottsdale can offer !	pizza scottsdale	positive
the margarita i got was really good and the food was outstanding .	margarita	positive
the margarita i got was really good and the food was outstanding .	food	positive
i highly recommend this place to every pet owner .	pet owner	positive
so my memory was either bad or they have changed .	memory	negative
dean and the front desk staff were friendly and helpful .	dean	positive
dean and the front desk staff were friendly and helpful .	front desk staff	positive
they have darts and pool tables which are in great condition .	darts	positive
they have darts and pool tables which are in great condition .	pool tables	positive
they had good drink specials and the food was amazing .	drink specials	positive
they had good drink specials and the food was amazing .	food	positive
the apartments were great , the location wonderful , and the staff was wonderful .	apartments	positive
the apartments were great , the location wonderful , and the staff was wonderful .	location	positive
the apartments were great , the location wonderful , and the staff was wonderful .	staff	positive
tv 's everywhere this is a sports lovers dream !	sports	positive
i would have given a _num_ star for the service .	service	positive
terrible service .	service	negative
just a pretty cool sports bar near the metro center area .	sports bar	positive
food was delicious and filling .	food	positive
the salsa was not good .	salsa	negative
it 's a nice course .	course	positive
the side mirrors , rear view mirror were not washed and dried .	side mirrors	positive
the side mirrors , rear view mirror were not washed and dried .	rear view mirror	positive
the food and mixed drinks are hit or miss everytime .	food	negative
the food and mixed drinks are hit or miss everytime .	mixed drinks	negative
a rating !	rating	positive
this is a neighborhood gem .	neighborhood	positive
at this location the service was terrible .	service	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
everything seemed to need a lot of salt cause it lacked flavor .	salt	negative
everything seemed to need a lot of salt cause it lacked flavor .	flavor	negative
sushi here was good and they have a large selection of roll types .	sushi	positive
sushi here was good and they have a large selection of roll types .	roll types	positive
the staff is always friendly and responsive .	staff	positive
an outstanding job .	job	positive
she has such a great personality and does a wonderful job on my hair .	hair	positive
had a great time and bottle service was awesome !	bottle service	positive
had to returned one entree because too cold .	entree	negative
what a ridiculous design !	design	negative
it was a very nice stay .	stay	positive
why did they spend half of my deposit to paint the walls ?	walls	negative
great shop , i highly recommend it !	shop	positive
these guys are honest , hard working , and have an excellent work ethic !	work ethic	positive
ambiance is not bad .	ambiance	positive
like another poster said , they just make me hungry for in-n-out .	poster	negative
we came in with a large party and everyone loved their food .	food	positive
one had a sewer smell .	sewer smell	negative
their crust was excellent and crisp on the bottom .	crust	positive
their customer service was amazing !	customer service	positive
great breakfast option .	breakfast	positive
the band was wonderful , as well .	band	positive
very stingy when i asked for my money back .	money	negative
i tried their meat lovers pizza in _num_ inch for _num_ on menu .	meat lovers pizza	positive
she has such great bedside manner and is always in a great mood .	bedside manner	positive
love this place !	place	positive
they only eggs they had were scrambled eggs and eggs sunny side up .	scrambled eggs	negative
big surf , more like big disappointment .	surf	negative
love bahama bucks !	bahama bucks	positive
overall worth the money and i will definately order again !	money	positive
very very disappointed with their service !	service	negative
restaurant is a small place tucked in a strip mall .	place	negative
restaurant is a small place tucked in a strip mall .	strip mall	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
talk about bad customer service .	customer service	negative
amazing staff .	staff	positive
after reading the glowing reviews i had to try this place .	place	positive
great new mexican food .	new mexican food	positive
cute little place .	place	positive
i 'm going to possibly waste a day in hopes the car gets serviced ?	car	negative
i highly recommend for all dog parents out there !	dog	positive
with a creamy sauce like alfredo in it .	sauce	positive
with a creamy sauce like alfredo in it .	alfredo	positive
please do not buy here , lots of headaches and waste of time .	headaches	negative
we went here for a work outing and they have very unique food .	food	positive
in my opinion this salon is dark and outdated .	salon	negative
second , they obviously do n't know how to run a will call line .	will call line	negative
plus the cost of my time , gas , etc makes it worth it .	cost	positive
plus the cost of my time , gas , etc makes it worth it .	gas	positive
we were super disappointed in the service we received from them .	service	negative
give it a try if you are in the area .	area	positive
not the cadillac of car washes but great for a quick run through .	car washes	positive
i was really impressed with this pep boys .	pep boys	positive
chopped salad was amazing , great wine & cocktail list !	chopped salad	positive
chopped salad was amazing , great wine & cocktail list !	wine	positive
chopped salad was amazing , great wine & cocktail list !	cocktail list	positive
great food !	food	positive
when i left i looked and there were _num_ patio tables empty and clean .	tables	negative
i probably wo n't go there again due to the service .	service	negative
i love this vet clinic .	vet clinic	positive
i loved this place !	place	positive
throwing caution to the wind , we decided to try this place .	place	positive
however , the service was absolutely fantastic .	service	positive
no service , no one cares !	service	negative
the spinach is really good though and a great surprise .	spinach	positive
the food was very good and the provided a lot of it !	food	positive
service is ok , not stellar .	service	negative
nice cold room , clean and modern .	room	positive
options are very limited .	options	negative
friendly staff and good times !	staff	positive
very kind staff .	staff	positive
the scottsdale pet hotel is nothing but amazing !	scottsdale pet hotel	positive
great service and late night happy hour menu .	service	positive
the staff is excellent and the rooms were really nice .	staff	positive
the staff is excellent and the rooms were really nice .	rooms	positive
the absolute best shop in the valley .	shop	positive
my best friend and i had a blast on the tour .	tour	positive
the salon is so nice !	salon	positive
the owners run it and make everything fresh daily .	owners	positive
we had a great visit , with even better food .	food	positive
good prices .	prices	positive
very professional , fast , and very competitive prices .	prices	positive
it probably helped that i really enjoyed the company i was with as well .	company	positive
their rosemary bagel is amazing !	rosemary bagel	positive
not the best , but certainly not the worst place in town .	place	negative
the absolute worst excuse for a gyro i have ever had .	gyro	negative
he clean my hand made rugs and surprise me .	hand	positive
he clean my hand made rugs and surprise me .	rugs	positive
horrible service !	service	negative
lovely women , nice place and a great job on all the services !	women	positive
lovely women , nice place and a great job on all the services !	place	positive
lovely women , nice place and a great job on all the services !	services	positive
great resort for the money !	resort	positive
great resort for the money !	money	positive
waited for _num_ min for a table on a week night .	table	negative
my chicken enchiladas had the chicken on top of the rolled tortilla with cheese .	chicken enchiladas	positive
my chicken enchiladas had the chicken on top of the rolled tortilla with cheese .	chicken	positive
my chicken enchiladas had the chicken on top of the rolled tortilla with cheese .	rolled tortilla with cheese	positive
fresh salsa & chips , and excellent red and green enchilada sauce .	salsa & chips	positive
fresh salsa & chips , and excellent red and green enchilada sauce .	red	positive
fresh salsa & chips , and excellent red and green enchilada sauce .	enchilada sauce	positive
the facilities are clean and well kept .	facilities	positive
only had the lunch special ( _num_ slices and a drink ) .	lunch special ( _num_ slices	negative
only had the lunch special ( _num_ slices and a drink ) .	drink	negative
replace the cooked spinach with fresh spinach .	cooked spinach	negative
replace the cooked spinach with fresh spinach .	fresh spinach	negative
my friend that went with me said his meal sucked too .	meal	negative
here with my dog and girlfriend for a nice saturday morning breakfast .	dog	positive
here with my dog and girlfriend for a nice saturday morning breakfast .	breakfast	positive
one of the worst customer services experiences ever .	customer services	negative
ohhhh i love buca birthday song !	buca birthday song	positive
a wonderful staff !	staff	positive
breakfasts seem pretty standard , delicious and not remarkably healthy .	breakfasts	positive
one of my favorite chains .	chains	positive
delicious food !	food	positive
love this place !	place	positive
friendly helpful staff , much more knowledgable than any lowe 's as usual .	staff	positive
i 'm very happy and recommend to everyone looking for professional services .	services	positive
this is the best pizza place in arizona !	pizza place	positive
vodka penne with shrimp and a touch of spice is my fav !	vodka penne with shrimp	positive
not calling back and not going to this location .	location	negative
this place sucks .	place	negative
sorry guys , yet , not really sorry .	guys	negative
i would highly recommend this office !	office	positive
the strawberries are tough and flavorless .	strawberries	negative
service was great .	service	positive
the views , the service , the food and the location .	views	positive
the views , the service , the food and the location .	service	positive
the views , the service , the food and the location .	food	positive
the views , the service , the food and the location .	location	positive
waited _num_ minutes for a starter wrap .	starter wrap	negative
the thai tea is a got ta have .	thai tea	positive
i really enjoyed this theatre and i would love to see another show here .	theatre	positive
the margarita here is the best .	margarita	positive
it 's delicious , the servings are large , and the ambiance is nice .	servings	positive
it 's delicious , the servings are large , and the ambiance is nice .	ambiance	positive
from start to finish bandera is a fantastic place to eat .	bandera	positive
from start to finish bandera is a fantastic place to eat .	place	positive
do n't waste your money !	money	positive
atmosphere was great and food was too .	atmosphere	positive
atmosphere was great and food was too .	food	positive
as persian food goes , it 's very good and the quality is excellent .	persian food	positive
as persian food goes , it 's very good and the quality is excellent .	quality	positive
we also got the tiramisu which was great .	tiramisu	positive
she incorrectly diagnosed two of my dogs .	dogs	negative
both our dishes were just ok ... not worthy of the price .	dishes	negative
both our dishes were just ok ... not worthy of the price .	price	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
dr. marks stuff is exceptional .	stuff	positive
i would recommend going there for a primary care doctor !	primary care doctor	positive
the menu is quite large and plenty of selections .	menu	positive
the food is not worth the price .	food	negative
the food is not worth the price .	price	negative
food is terrific and so are the folks .	food	positive
jess pierced me and she was fun and awesome but still professional .	jess	positive
this locations the best because it 's the largest !	locations	positive
whimsical nostalgia decor of family pictures and memorabilia provides entertainment .	family pictures	positive
most likely from working on mill for too long .	mill	negative
my fries were now cold .	fries	negative
what a welcome to scottsdale !	scottsdale	positive
but a good spot to enjoy for an early morning bite .	spot	positive
my husband and i ordered delivery tonight from venezia 's .	delivery	positive
very pleased with the products i bought today !	products	positive
my husband and i love eating at the bar for dinner .	bar	positive
my husband and i love eating at the bar for dinner .	dinner	positive
excellent service from amanda .	service	positive
i will not be returning to that location .	location	negative
waste of time and money .	money	negative
everyone that has sat on those couches should go get tested immediately .	couches	negative
i heard dinner is exquisite .	dinner	positive
i would avoid it unless this is the atmosphere you prefer .	atmosphere	negative
love this store !	store	positive
food is awesome !	food	positive
this is that kind of place .	place	positive
i ca n't believe the kind of sushi these people get away with .	sushi	negative
there was no one refilling water glasses .	water glasses	negative
for that price they should 've repaired them by replacing the sole .	price	negative
pricing is fair , as far as i could tell .	pricing	positive
honestly best prices in town .	prices	positive
the bartenders never let your drink get empty , and the food is great .	bartenders	positive
the bartenders never let your drink get empty , and the food is great .	drink	positive
the bartenders never let your drink get empty , and the food is great .	food	positive
the food at outback is mediocre at best .	food	negative
skip it unless you 're wanting to say you had pho .	pho	negative
you always liked p.f .	p.f	positive
the chicken tenders are pretty darn good , so are the wings .	chicken tenders	positive
the chicken tenders are pretty darn good , so are the wings .	wings	positive
bad location .	location	negative
awesome dinner .	dinner	positive
the customer service was also amazing ; diane went above and beyond .	customer service	positive
burrito express is the best place for burritos .	burrito express	positive
burrito express is the best place for burritos .	burritos	positive
overall the service was great , the atmosphere nice and the food good .	service	positive
overall the service was great , the atmosphere nice and the food good .	atmosphere	positive
overall the service was great , the atmosphere nice and the food good .	food	positive
staff very friendly .	staff	positive
i would highly recommend shopping here !	shopping	positive
completely awful service , although burnt the food was still good .	service	negative
completely awful service , although burnt the food was still good .	food	positive
the hot bar selection is thin but also excellent quality .	hot bar selection	positive
the hot bar selection is thin but also excellent quality .	quality	positive
enjoyed the roaring fork so much !	roaring fork	positive
i finally found it at barros !	barros	positive
grazie offers great italian food and wines with simple , no frills service .	italian food	positive
grazie offers great italian food and wines with simple , no frills service .	wines	positive
grazie offers great italian food and wines with simple , no frills service .	service	positive
i will definitely return as the personnel were friendly and patient .	personnel	positive
nothing positive to say about this venue .	venue	negative
our waitress should know that my husband nor i ordered anything alcoholic !	waitress	negative
the whole place smells like flowers .	place	positive
the whole place smells like flowers .	flowers	positive
great place .	place	positive
very nice decor with an extremely friendly staff .	decor	positive
very nice decor with an extremely friendly staff .	staff	positive
ron , the vet tech is amazing and very knowledgeable .	vet tech	positive
no taste whatsoever , the mashed potatoes had to have been instant .	mashed potatoes	negative
manager made it very uncomfortable .	manager	negative
simply put , some of the best italian food around !	italian food	positive
nothing but praises for this business !	business	positive
disneyland or the airlines wo n't charge the first year of life .	disneyland	positive
disneyland or the airlines wo n't charge the first year of life .	airlines	positive
great food at a great price .	food	positive
great food at a great price .	price	positive
used this florist for our wedding reception and what a great job they did .	florist	positive
used this florist for our wedding reception and what a great job they did .	wedding reception	positive
just great people !	people	positive
went recently on a saturday , bad food and bad service .	food	negative
went recently on a saturday , bad food and bad service .	service	negative
my husband had the buffalo rib eye which was very tender and very flavorful .	buffalo rib eye	positive
we love this place !	place	positive
i ordered the gyro pita with the house salad .	gyro pita	positive
i ordered the gyro pita with the house salad .	house salad	positive
awesome service !	service	positive
i love this store .	store	positive
it is a wonderful facility .	facility	positive
bar none this is the cheapest place to get fresh vegetables .	bar	positive
bar none this is the cheapest place to get fresh vegetables .	vegetables	positive
never shopping at a radio shack again !	radio	positive
this place is the worst .	place	negative
the food is n't bad but could certainly be better .	food	positive
love razz 's .	razz 's	positive
every single one of our entrees were delicious .	entrees	positive
wine list was great , however i would say service was absent .	wine list	positive
wine list was great , however i would say service was absent .	service	negative
this is sonoran style and it 's my favorite style .	sonoran style	positive
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .	fresh food	positive
perfect place for grabbing a casual drink !	casual drink	positive
i literally spent almost nine hours with this one transaction .	transaction	negative
if you are a chinese food junkie like me , try another spot .	chinese food	positive
if you are a chinese food junkie like me , try another spot .	spot	positive
do n't get me wrong , i love guess clothes .	clothes	positive
tvs everywhere !	tvs	positive
the staff is prompt and attentive .	staff	positive
it is a compete and total disregard to the tenants here .	tenants	negative
the salsa was the worst though .	salsa	negative
they wo n't even take the time to find the statement on the contract .	contract	negative
first of all there was a dog in the restaurant .	dog	negative
the food came out timely and cooked well .	food	positive
terrible admission system !	admission system	negative
the crunchy almonds and fresh berries on top are a great touch .	crunchy almonds	positive
the crunchy almonds and fresh berries on top are a great touch .	fresh berries	positive
i had the traditional benedict very tasty with a side of bacon .	traditional benedict	positive
i had the traditional benedict very tasty with a side of bacon .	side of bacon	positive
the desserts are incredible as well .	desserts	positive
this facility is awful .	facility	negative
the new ownership is doing a great job !	ownership	positive
the deep friend mac-n-cheese was also heavenly !	mac-n-cheese	positive
it carries a pretty good inventory .	inventory	positive
this husband and wife team has created a nice , comfortable environment .	environment	positive
they have a wide variety of food to chose from which is great !	food	positive
if i could give this pizza hut no stars i would .	pizza hut	positive
there loss because i was willing to spend money .	money	negative
authentic southwestern fare .	southwestern fare	positive
recently , i finally took my family out to eat at this place .	place	positive
fantastic servers and incredible food .	servers	positive
fantastic servers and incredible food .	food	positive
our nail tech , nancy did a wonderful job and she is very talented .	nail tech	positive
customer service was great and the cost was extremely fair .	customer service	positive
customer service was great and the cost was extremely fair .	cost	positive
then told me that the room was n't ready yet .	room	negative
this place sucks and the staff are rude !	place	negative
this place sucks and the staff are rude !	staff	negative
the beans are great as is the rice .	beans	positive
the beans are great as is the rice .	rice	positive
the staff is always helpful , friendly and knows tires .	staff	positive
just a way to suck every last cent out of your customers .	customers	negative
we got the cornbread , but kept getting rushed to order .	cornbread	negative
great bbq ribs and prime rib .	bbq ribs	positive
great bbq ribs and prime rib .	prime rib	positive
that being said , it was only 1pm and it was lunch time .	lunch	positive
ordered with extra cheese and still was cooked to perfection .	cheese	positive
service was dismal , almost as if they had n't expected guests .	service	negative
our server was absolutely amazing .	server	positive
this is the most pathetic excuse for dining there is .	dining	negative
the store was so dirty we almost left .	store	negative
the food was just the worst .	food	negative
since the server never came around , i think she just dealt with it .	server	negative
this is heaven for the guys , variety and selection unmatched .	guys	positive
this is heaven for the guys , variety and selection unmatched .	variety	positive
this is heaven for the guys , variety and selection unmatched .	selection	positive
worse customer service i have seen in a bike shop !	customer service	negative
worse customer service i have seen in a bike shop !	bike	negative
the cashier turned a $ _num_ tip into $ _num_ .	cashier	positive
i was like , you have black chain ?	black chain	negative
not surprisingly food was lukewarm but not poorly prepared .	food	positive
ambiance and setting were superb .	ambiance	positive
ambiance and setting were superb .	setting	positive
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	menu	positive
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	prices	positive
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	service	positive
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	dinner	positive
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	breakfast	positive
i hate the marquee .	marquee	negative
i love the chile sauces !	chile sauces	positive
honestly , taco bell is a better choice .	taco bell	positive
i enjoy the free cup of coffee and their deli .	cup of coffee	positive
i enjoy the free cup of coffee and their deli .	deli	positive
not going to point out names , but the sales manager is a jerk .	sales manager	negative
i hated to tell him that there was no mechanical bull back in _num_ .	mechanical bull	negative
the kitchen was really slow at getting our food out .	kitchen	negative
the kitchen was really slow at getting our food out .	food	negative
i think apart from bianco 's they are the best pizza in town !	pizza	positive
my wife and i came in for lunch on a friday afternoon .	lunch	positive
i urge people to not go to this place .	place	negative
do yourself a favor and skip on this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
the rude sales girl turned her back and walked away .	sales girl	negative
staff is very friendly .	staff	positive
taste mediocre at best .	taste	negative
this is the best pizza joint around here .	pizza joint	positive
i 've tried this place twice now and i 'm not impressed .	place	negative
service was awesome , they made us feel like family .	service	positive
the service was amazing and the food was even better .	service	positive
the service was amazing and the food was even better .	food	positive
great management .	management	positive
i do not recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
the food was good , but the customer service was horrible .	food	positive
the food was good , but the customer service was horrible .	customer service	negative
over the last two years the food quality is consistently going downhill .	food quality	negative
i absolutely love getting a pedicure from rhonda at steven paul salon .	pedicure	positive
more importantly i had them install a new stereo in my travel trailer .	stereo	negative
more importantly i had them install a new stereo in my travel trailer .	travel	negative
everything on the menu is made in-house and the food is fabulous !	menu	positive
everything on the menu is made in-house and the food is fabulous !	food	positive
they 're also great about working with my busy schedule .	schedule	positive
the customer service here is terrible !	customer service	negative
great people .	people	positive
great food and service .	food	positive
great food and service .	service	positive
this is our favorite restaurant !	restaurant	positive
my coworkers highly recommended this delivery service , so i had to try it .	delivery service	positive
food selection is extremely limited !	food selection	negative
we plan to go back very soon , the restaurant is wonderful .	restaurant	positive
such a great guy who is super nice .	guy	positive
the food is really good .	food	positive
beautiful course and the clubhouse is very elegant !	course	positive
beautiful course and the clubhouse is very elegant !	clubhouse	positive
service is great and food is tasty .	service	positive
service is great and food is tasty .	food	positive
ra sushi is so-so for sushi .	ra sushi	positive
ra sushi is so-so for sushi .	sushi	positive
the martinis good .	martinis	positive
when is it a good time to have free pizza .	pizza	positive
the service is a lovely experience .	service	positive
i do not recommend this place and i wo n't be back .	place	negative
best place to get your car detailed .	car	positive
the food is wonderful here .	food	positive
i truly believe they are the best groomer in town .	groomer	positive
the food is excellent and the atmosphere is spot-on .	food	positive
the food is excellent and the atmosphere is spot-on .	atmosphere	positive
my pedicure was okay , but i 've had much better for cheaper .	pedicure	positive
the staff is very courteous and the place is well kept and clean .	staff	positive
the staff is very courteous and the place is well kept and clean .	place	positive
$ _num_ plus tip for just okay and not such a nice atmosphere ?	tip	negative
$ _num_ plus tip for just okay and not such a nice atmosphere ?	atmosphere	negative
what more can you want from a place .	place	negative
laura is amazing .	laura	positive
they obvious are n't environment friendly !	environment	negative
it is crying out for some basic server training and management .	basic server	negative
it is crying out for some basic server training and management .	management	negative
i did n't like the burrito at all , unfortunately .	burrito	negative
couple that with the perfect salsa , and you 've got yourself a winner .	salsa	positive
but , did n't want to start all over at another store .	store	negative
the retail section is average , but the parts counter experience sucked !	retail section	negative
the retail section is average , but the parts counter experience sucked !	parts counter	negative
the roaring fork is one of my very favorite restaurants .	roaring fork	positive
seriously , i can cook persian food much better .	persian food	positive
great dive bar !	dive bar	positive
with them , integrity is everything !	integrity	positive
i hate that place and hate giving them my hard earned dollar .	place	negative
this is a great place if you love good beer .	place	positive
this is a great place if you love good beer .	beer	positive
great staff , all excellent & quite friendly + helpful .	staff	positive
it 's built more for ambiance than food quality .	ambiance	positive
it 's built more for ambiance than food quality .	food quality	positive
yet , it was still _num_ minutes to even get our drink order taken .	drink order	negative
from the show , restaurants and fun attractions .	restaurants	positive
from the show , restaurants and fun attractions .	attractions	positive
tacos al pastor ?	tacos al pastor	positive
this place is becoming one of the worst stores .	stores	negative
very clean , and especially tasty food .	food	positive
amazing prices on produce and a large selection .	prices on produce	positive
amazing prices on produce and a large selection .	selection	positive
cute restaurant !	restaurant	positive
flavoring for the dishes we had were all consistent in tasting bland .	dishes	negative
save a ton of money over dealers prices , super honest !	dealers prices	negative
then it was another _num_ before we received the drinks !	drinks	negative
the dish was terrible .	dish	negative
the staff was very friendly and welcoming .	staff	positive
concept store = success !	concept store	positive
we had a groupon and he would not honor it .	groupon	negative
i said `` no , this is horrible '' and asked for our check .	check	negative
their tom yum is incredible !	tom yum	positive
upgrading the pool and laundry ?	pool	negative
upgrading the pool and laundry ?	laundry	negative
even though we had reservations , it did n't do us any good .	reservations	negative
outstanding food with authentic environment .	food	positive
outstanding food with authentic environment .	environment	positive
$ _num_ for _num_ large pizza ?	pizza	positive
great waterfall feature on the patio .	waterfall	positive
great waterfall feature on the patio .	patio	positive
i 'm sure it will be a meal that you never forget !	meal	positive
he had the pork tenderloin and thought that it was bland .	pork tenderloin	negative
then he said you owe me _num_ for pulling the toilet .	toilet	negative
the staff looked a little tired and very bored .	staff	negative
stating it needed additional cleaning for one .	cleaning	negative
the only authentic german food in arizona prepared by an actual chef !	german food	positive
the only authentic german food in arizona prepared by an actual chef !	chef	positive
a friend ordered the pork shank .	pork shank	negative
the price for bad service ... le sigh .	price	negative
the price for bad service ... le sigh .	service	negative
a good glass of wine always goes a long way with a great meal !	glass of wine	positive
a good glass of wine always goes a long way with a great meal !	meal	positive
the manager did n't have any idea why the kitchen was being so slow .	manager	negative
the manager did n't have any idea why the kitchen was being so slow .	kitchen	negative
_num_ years ago , the baby back ribs were outstanding .	baby back ribs	positive
bottom line ... sit outdoors and enjoy some very good mexican food .	mexican food	positive
great location close to the scottsdale art walk .	location	positive
great location close to the scottsdale art walk .	art	positive
such friendly staff !	staff	positive
the store was well organized and clean .	store	positive
the cheese plate was great .	cheese plate	positive
this is our favorite wine bar in scottsdale !	wine bar	positive
i always use the self check out to avoid their workers .	self check out	negative
i always use the self check out to avoid their workers .	workers	negative
the beer selection is amazing and the food tastes awesome .	beer selection	positive
the beer selection is amazing and the food tastes awesome .	food	positive
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .	gyro sandwich	positive
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .	sauce	positive
the rooms feel more like a motel than anything else .	rooms	negative
the food was low quality .	food	negative
the food was low quality .	quality	negative
i asked for some help to remove the storage fees but they would n't .	storage fees	negative
the place is bright and seemingly clean .	place	positive
great family diner .	family diner	positive
not very friendly at all , in not the nicest neighborhood in mesa .	neighborhood	negative
great place !	place	positive
comfy beds and decent toiletries .	beds	positive
comfy beds and decent toiletries .	toiletries	positive
overall a wonderful place !	place	positive
the pizza was by far the worst i 've had .	pizza	negative
i am very happy with the results in such a short time !	results	positive
carlsbad 's patio is my favorite part of the whole place !	patio	positive
cowboy ciao combines southwestern and italian food .	cowboy ciao	positive
cowboy ciao combines southwestern and italian food .	southwestern	positive
cowboy ciao combines southwestern and italian food .	italian food	positive
the grounds were beautiful .	grounds	positive
great staff and friendly dr .	staff	positive
great staff and friendly dr .	dr	positive
the cashier here was very rude last time i went .	cashier	negative
excellent food !	food	positive
reasonably priced , and a fun place to eat .	priced	positive
reasonably priced , and a fun place to eat .	place	positive
the host was very warm and friendly .	host	positive
the staff very friendly and accommodating and attentive .	staff	positive
i have been to this restaurant probably about a dozen times .	restaurant	positive
but overall the experience and environment and service was great .	environment	positive
but overall the experience and environment and service was great .	service	positive
food was great .	food	positive
the service was great .	service	positive
surprise ... they changed the oil and they said everything was good .	oil	positive
the place looks very nice but they seem very rude and not very knowledgable !	place	positive
this place is a total scam .	place	negative
this is the absolute best pizza we 've ever eaten .	pizza	positive
food is excellent and the waitstaff is friendly .	food	positive
food is excellent and the waitstaff is friendly .	waitstaff	positive
_num_ star service and food .	service	positive
_num_ star service and food .	food	positive
love this place !	place	positive
excellent , lunch or dinner .	lunch	positive
excellent , lunch or dinner .	dinner	positive
friendly and helpful staff .	staff	positive
the food here is great !	food	positive
this place is consistent when it comes to quality .	quality	positive
massage envy is supposed to relax you ... .	massage envy	positive
trader joe 's frozen teriyaki chicken breasts are far superior .	frozen teriyaki chicken breasts	positive
the fettuccine alfredo w chicken and broccoli , best i ever had .	fettuccine alfredo w chicken and broccoli	positive
the service was exceptional , the food was exquisite and the price was reasonable .	service	positive
the service was exceptional , the food was exquisite and the price was reasonable .	food	positive
the service was exceptional , the food was exquisite and the price was reasonable .	price	positive
it completely made up for the meal .	meal	positive
the rv looks great and all the managers and technicians were very competent .	rv	positive
the rv looks great and all the managers and technicians were very competent .	managers	positive
the rv looks great and all the managers and technicians were very competent .	technicians	positive
this place is creepy !	place	negative
excellent service from the staff .	service	positive
excellent service from the staff .	staff	positive
and of course the food is delicious !	food	positive
sad to see this course in this poor condition !	course	negative
enjoyed the food and liked the fact that there are smaller sharing plates .	food	positive
also , the salon is clean and beautiful .	salon	positive
this restaurant does not even get close to meeting expectations .	restaurant	negative
food is good as is the service .	food	positive
food is good as is the service .	service	positive
ugh , this place is terrible !	place	negative
she is really good at doing layers .	layers	positive
she said that i was not allowed to see the other dr .	dr	negative
waitress never smiled .	waitress	positive
this is one of the best seafood places in town !	seafood places	positive
we sat on the patio , great view on the golf course .	patio	positive
we sat on the patio , great view on the golf course .	view	positive
we sat on the patio , great view on the golf course .	golf course	positive
great late night pizza .	pizza	positive
great bread , nice fresh seafood .	bread	positive
great bread , nice fresh seafood .	seafood	positive
i left her an awful tip .	tip	negative
truly my favorite mexican food restaurant of all time .	mexican food	positive
the food look sub par , bar food , for higher end restaurant prices .	food	negative
the food look sub par , bar food , for higher end restaurant prices .	bar food	negative
the food look sub par , bar food , for higher end restaurant prices .	prices	negative
and the coffee was awful and overpriced .	coffee	negative
i 'm also done with hotwire and their misleading bait and switch tactics .	bait	negative
love , love , love this place .	place	positive
~ the wine list , which includes some unexpected delights .	wine list	positive
excellent business .	business	positive
it just has a great feel and the staff is very accommodating .	feel	positive
it just has a great feel and the staff is very accommodating .	staff	positive
i am completely turned off by their student services dept .	student services dept	negative
great food !	food	positive
worth the stop if your in the area !	stop	positive
worth the stop if your in the area !	area	positive
almost zero other ingredients listed on the menu .	ingredients	negative
almost zero other ingredients listed on the menu .	menu	negative
this place is absolutely amazing .	place	positive
this place has really gone downhill .	place	negative
she is a waitress not a lawyer !	waitress	positive
excellent food and service .	food	positive
excellent food and service .	service	positive
as to the food , rancho is serious about creativity .	food	positive
lots of things to add , shrimp , chicken and steak .	shrimp , chicken	positive
there were not that many people dining .	dining	negative
great service , great prices , great food .	service	positive
great service , great prices , great food .	prices	positive
great service , great prices , great food .	food	positive
the food is definitely under priced .	food	negative
scheduling a quick job was great .	scheduling	positive
scheduling a quick job was great .	job	positive
thanks roaring fork !	fork	positive
what a charming salon !	salon	positive
this has been the worst customer service experience i have ever had .	customer service	negative
the soup is absolutely to die for .	soup	positive
great crowd and great service at the bar .	crowd	positive
great crowd and great service at the bar .	service	positive
great crowd and great service at the bar .	bar	positive
our waitress , rose , was fantastic .	waitress	positive
the service was good and so was the food .	service	positive
the service was good and so was the food .	food	positive
the food tasted very fresh and the customer service was good .	food	positive
the food tasted very fresh and the customer service was good .	customer service	positive
this is not the gym for you .	gym	negative
terrible service , rude staff & average ice cream .	service	negative
terrible service , rude staff & average ice cream .	staff	negative
terrible service , rude staff & average ice cream .	ice cream	negative
however , the goods essentially stopped there .	goods	negative
the floors were dirty and the carpet old .	floors	negative
the floors were dirty and the carpet old .	carpet	negative
their service is very fast , delivery or pick-up .	service	positive
their service is very fast , delivery or pick-up .	delivery	positive
great prices and friendly service .	prices	positive
great prices and friendly service .	service	positive
great maintenance team and better front office people .	maintenance team	positive
great maintenance team and better front office people .	front office	positive
great breakfast in a beautiful area of old town .	breakfast	positive
great breakfast in a beautiful area of old town .	area	positive
do n't bee fooled the do have a large array of water as well .	array of water	positive
not the best bbq i 've ever had but pretty good !	bbq	negative
i had a coupon and was being pushed towards the higher priced wash .	coupon	negative
i had a coupon and was being pushed towards the higher priced wash .	priced wash	negative
try the tequila shrimp - its a treat !	tequila shrimp	positive
the staff is extremely friendly and helpful and billing options are simple .	staff	positive
the staff is extremely friendly and helpful and billing options are simple .	billing options	positive
the staff was very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
i 'm italian and my wife is greek so we know good food .	food	positive
best pizza in the east valley that i 've found yet .	pizza	positive
really enjoyed everything about this place .	place	positive
service is great , it was perfect for a mid week breakfast meeting .	service	positive
service is great , it was perfect for a mid week breakfast meeting .	breakfast	positive
i have loved defalco 's for years .	defalco	positive
i would recommend them to anyone who wants an honest , quality fix .	fix	positive
they have great quality meats .	meats	positive
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	place	positive
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	take	positive
my sundae was fine , but nothing i could n't have made at home .	sundae	positive
he came back a few minutes later with our drinks and a cold appetizer .	drinks	positive
he came back a few minutes later with our drinks and a cold appetizer .	appetizer	negative
nope , only appetizers at the bar .	appetizers	negative
nope , only appetizers at the bar .	bar	negative
rude manager , confused server , cold food .	manager	negative
rude manager , confused server , cold food .	server	negative
rude manager , confused server , cold food .	cold food	negative
went for the meat dishes , not sure how the vegetarian plates are .	meat dishes	negative
went for the meat dishes , not sure how the vegetarian plates are .	vegetarian plates	negative
the specialty tortillas were flour not corn .	specialty tortillas	positive
the specialty tortillas were flour not corn .	flour	positive
the specialty tortillas were flour not corn .	corn	positive
okay , on with how great this place is .	place	positive
the place was clean and the staff was nice .	place	positive
the place was clean and the staff was nice .	staff	positive
went for a free poker tournament and was quite disappointed ( and disgusted ? )	poker tournament	negative
the baked potato soup was really good .	baked potato soup	positive
the place was clean , service friendly and prompt and the prices were reasonable .	place	positive
the place was clean , service friendly and prompt and the prices were reasonable .	service	positive
the place was clean , service friendly and prompt and the prices were reasonable .	prices	positive
the guy just gave me a short `` no . ''	guy	negative
fun place with great food and ample portions .	place	positive
fun place with great food and ample portions .	food	positive
fun place with great food and ample portions .	portions	positive
a fabulous , lush patio , reminiscent of an old mexican villa .	patio	positive
i had ordered _num_ family meals with _num_ extra biscuits .	family meals with	positive
the bbq baby back ribs were awesome and delicious .	bbq baby back ribs	positive
for some reason we were served brown rice , not jasmine rice , odd .	brown rice	negative
for some reason we were served brown rice , not jasmine rice , odd .	jasmine rice	negative
we get to the tee box , no starter .	tee box	negative
they also have great breakfasts .	breakfasts	positive
i highly recommend impact auto body .	auto body	positive
we went with a party of _num_ and had very nice and attentive service .	service	positive
i was spending _num_ a month getting my cars repaired and painted here .	cars	negative
i recommend their specials .	specials	positive
do n't ever expect the staff to be nice or friendly .	staff	negative
there was no offer to pay for cleaning .	cleaning	negative
i had a black forest ham sandwich , which was great .	black forest ham sandwich	positive
outstanding food , top notch menu .	food	positive
outstanding food , top notch menu .	menu	positive
my favorite restaurant in scottsdale , bar none .	bar	positive
we had a great meal here .	meal	positive
awesome fajitas !	fajitas	positive
one of my favorite places to eat in phoenix .	places	positive
i love their basmati rice .	basmati rice	positive
entrees , desserts , yum .	entrees	positive
entrees , desserts , yum .	desserts	positive
eh , not a good restaurant .	restaurant	negative
i will never , i repeat never visit this establishment again .	establishment	negative
the sushi is just barely above average .	sushi	negative
the food was a _num_ , the service was _num_ .	food	positive
the food was a _num_ , the service was _num_ .	service	positive
she even remembered our names and our drinks .	drinks	positive
the facility is beautiful too and the staff is professional .	facility	positive
the facility is beautiful too and the staff is professional .	staff	positive
this particular location is clean as well .	location	positive
( or the bar ) your service is decent .	bar	positive
( or the bar ) your service is decent .	service	positive
everything at the buffet was just awful .	buffet	negative
ie no value for money .	value for money	negative
awesome service ... good traditional italian cuisine ... .	service	positive
awesome service ... good traditional italian cuisine ... .	traditional italian cuisine	positive
great place to enjoy some live hard rockin ' music !	music	positive
instead of being reputable they told me to pick another package .	package	negative
they 're often generous with their portions , which is awesome !	portions	positive
her husband , ken , does hair and is great .	hair	positive
always a great place to meet a character or two .	place	positive
always a great place to meet a character or two .	character	positive
no clue who our actual server was .	server	negative
i love love japanese food .	japanese food	positive
good quality , very tasty .	quality	positive
excellent staff and service .	staff	positive
excellent staff and service .	service	positive
best bar menu in scottsdale , no veal , but all great .	bar menu	positive
he had a sampler with grape leaves , meat balls , rice , etc .	sampler	positive
he had a sampler with grape leaves , meat balls , rice , etc .	grape leaves	positive
he had a sampler with grape leaves , meat balls , rice , etc .	meat balls	positive
he had a sampler with grape leaves , meat balls , rice , etc .	rice	positive
i would highly recommend this barber shop to all of my yelp friends .	barber shop	positive
the best filet , great service .	filet	positive
the best filet , great service .	service	positive
you ca n't beat the wings , absolutely love them .	wings	positive
yes , the cornbread is spectacular .	cornbread	positive
this was a very unexpectedly great place that i would recommend to anyone !	place	positive
food was amazing and drinks were really good .	food	positive
food was amazing and drinks were really good .	drinks	positive
the food and the ambience is special .	food	positive
the food and the ambience is special .	ambience	positive
however this location is by far the worst i 've ever been to .	location	negative
salmon has a wonderful maple butter on top with a pistachio crust .	salmon	positive
salmon has a wonderful maple butter on top with a pistachio crust .	maple butter	positive
salmon has a wonderful maple butter on top with a pistachio crust .	pistachio crust	positive
great atmosphere and staff for a relaxing late lunch .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and staff for a relaxing late lunch .	staff	positive
great atmosphere and staff for a relaxing late lunch .	lunch	positive
the view of the mountains just lovely , just a piece of luxury .	view	positive
i was heading back home and walked from our hotel to this local joint .	joint	positive
the other two plates were not edible due to the spiciness of the sauces .	plates	negative
the other two plates were not edible due to the spiciness of the sauces .	sauces	negative
his receptionist remembered my wife and was warm and bubbly .	receptionist	positive
the customer service is great .	customer service	positive
i had a really nice time at the italian grotto .	italian grotto	positive
it 's pizza done right .	pizza	positive
this place was unfortunately not all that amazing .	place	negative
only _num_ other tables seated .	tables	negative
the staff was really friendly and willing to help .	staff	positive
i wish i had gone to the pita house instead .	pita house	positive
so i found this place on main st .	place	positive
so i found this place on main st .	main st	positive
the breeze was lovely and all of the staff were attentive and friendly .	breeze	positive
the breeze was lovely and all of the staff were attentive and friendly .	staff	positive
it took them _num_ minutes to get a beer at the bar .	beer	negative
it took them _num_ minutes to get a beer at the bar .	bar	negative
meat is soft and tender and the sauce is just perfectly sweet .	meat	positive
meat is soft and tender and the sauce is just perfectly sweet .	sauce	positive
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .	kitchen	positive
love this place and have for several years .	place	positive
i love elmer 's .	elmer 's	positive
everyone in the bakery was so nice and had great customer service .	bakery	positive
everyone in the bakery was so nice and had great customer service .	customer service	positive
i took my car into this place to get a brake inspection .	brake	negative
was visiting from out of town and this place was beautiful .	place	positive
the waiter was so rude .	waiter	negative
very nice menu to choose from .	menu	positive
what you can do is refund my $ _num_ .	$	positive
superior product and excellent service .	product	positive
superior product and excellent service .	service	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
friendly , large church .	church	positive
great service .	service	positive
the service was good here they greeted you as you walked in and left .	service	positive
really hard chairs .	chairs	negative
all the while , i am ignored by the wait staff .	wait staff	negative
this is truly a one of a kind spot in scottsdale .	spot	positive
smiley nails provided the perfect environment and opportunity .	environment	positive
one of the best pizza places in town .	pizza places	positive
also all the volunteer are so nice and helpful .	volunteer	positive
i love nordstrom 's .	nordstrom 's	positive
they sent out _num_ lady 's in an rv that was dangerous .	rv	negative
horrible service , mediocre food , terrible management .	service	negative
horrible service , mediocre food , terrible management .	food	negative
horrible service , mediocre food , terrible management .	management	negative
$ _num_ hot dog special is surprisingly good ... for a hot dog .	hot dog special	positive
yes they have the cheapest oil changes around , which includes rotating tires .	oil changes	positive
yes they have the cheapest oil changes around , which includes rotating tires .	tires	positive
its kind of depressing , especially after you get all clogged with fatburger .	fatburger	negative
the rice and beans accompaniment were also great .	rice and beans accompaniment	positive
no `` sorry for the wait '' .	wait	negative
the employees do not know what they are doing .	employees	negative
i love breakfast and this place is a great choice !	breakfast	positive
i love breakfast and this place is a great choice !	place	positive
best of all road side assistance !	road side assistance	positive
jack is very informative and the price is right .	price	positive
i was very happy about the $ _num_ special for the first month .	$ _num_ special	positive
_num_ weeks still no word from them on repairs .	repairs	negative
they lost me and my friends as customers .	customers	negative
the usual ladies are friendly and know the locals and regulars .	ladies	positive
very friendly and courteous staff !	staff	positive
great customer service .	customer service	positive
it is very clean and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	dude	negative
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	computer	negative
service was fast , friendly and professional .	service	positive
this was the most disappointing dish we ordered .	dish	negative
i will never give this business another dollar ... .	business	negative
always excellent service .	service	positive
awesome place !	place	positive
seriously the best fish tacos ever !	fish tacos	positive
i had a kabob dish which was mediocre but definitely not worth the price .	kabob dish	negative
i had a kabob dish which was mediocre but definitely not worth the price .	price	negative
love the pho .	pho	positive
we just love this place .	place	positive
a cycle room that is _num_ % empty .	cycle room	negative
the service was also not good .	service	negative
this is such a great ma & pa place !	ma & pa place	positive
the service was very slow .	service	negative
we went tonight because we got discounted tickets , _num_ for each .	tickets	negative
very competitive pricing .	pricing	positive
i love family businesses and this place is awesome .	family businesses	positive
i love family businesses and this place is awesome .	place	positive
we loved the service .	service	positive
they were overcooked and the seared spices were a soggy mess .	seared spices	negative
to say food was horrible is being kind .	food	negative
an added plus - this year we ate at the bar .	bar	positive
i got there at 8pm with an empty bar and requested _num_ songs .	bar	negative
great service , great prices .	service	positive
great service , great prices .	prices	positive
the only thing that caught my attention was the very large portions of sashimi .	portions of sashimi	positive
great service too !	service	positive
chimichanga was the best dish i sampled , but it was not impressive .	chimichanga	negative
chimichanga was the best dish i sampled , but it was not impressive .	dish	negative
the service was horrible , and we waited almost _num_ hours for our sushi .	service	negative
the service was horrible , and we waited almost _num_ hours for our sushi .	sushi	negative
it 's true mexican classic home style food .	mexican	positive
it 's true mexican classic home style food .	home style food	positive
considering the price tag , i expected a lot more .	price tag	negative
prices are good , totally worth a drive to new river .	prices	positive
the pizza is also very good .	pizza	positive
these few things made the place seem unclean .	place	negative
hands down , best tacos i 've ever had .	tacos	positive
this location has serious wait staff issues .	location	negative
this location has serious wait staff issues .	wait staff	negative
wasted time because of poor communication and inconsiderate employees .	employees	negative
loved the bean dip and chips .	bean dip and chips	positive
location : perfect if staying in scottsdale .	location	positive
truly is the best place to live that i can see !	place	positive
hmmm , and yet the owners choose not to make it available .	owners	negative
great customer service .	customer service	positive
the girls at will call seem very confused .	girls	negative
i recommend the strips and anything machaca with red sauce .	strips	positive
i recommend the strips and anything machaca with red sauce .	machaca with red sauce	positive
love the food .	food	positive
the service was great but the food was a miss .	service	positive
the service was great but the food was a miss .	food	positive
great service as well .	service	positive
the staff is rude and far from helpful .	staff	negative
you went from being my favorite bar , to one of the worst .	bar	negative
it 's clear that these ladies love their jobs .	ladies	positive
five star service !	service	positive
not the subtle spice and flavor of a good mole .	spice	negative
not the subtle spice and flavor of a good mole .	flavor	positive
not the subtle spice and flavor of a good mole .	mole	positive
their famous salad was great and my whole table enjoyed everything .	salad	positive
their famous salad was great and my whole table enjoyed everything .	table	positive
love their wings !	wings	positive
this is my absolute favorite place to go for a nice dinner .	dinner	positive
this is the worst dq .	dq	negative
why ca n't other bar establishments serve delicious food like this place does ?	bar	positive
why ca n't other bar establishments serve delicious food like this place does ?	food	positive
then the after taste was over cooked butter and bad garlic .	garlic	negative
service was amazing .	service	positive
the noodle dish had some vegetables and pork .	noodle dish	positive
the noodle dish had some vegetables and pork .	vegetables	positive
the noodle dish had some vegetables and pork .	pork	positive
interesting place to watch people and enjoy some cheap drinks and eats !	place	positive
interesting place to watch people and enjoy some cheap drinks and eats !	drinks	positive
interesting place to watch people and enjoy some cheap drinks and eats !	eats	positive
the office staff was so friendly and helpful !	office staff	positive
the fish and chips are amazing !	fish and chips	positive
the prime rib is amazing , and i highly recommend it .	prime rib	positive
the food is great !	food	positive
nope , just sorry owner and an even worse human being .	owner	negative
terrible customer service and mediocre pizza .	customer service	negative
terrible customer service and mediocre pizza .	pizza	negative
the bar was also good .	bar	positive
orange table is one of the best spots for breakfast and lunch in scottsdale .	orange table	positive
orange table is one of the best spots for breakfast and lunch in scottsdale .	breakfast	positive
orange table is one of the best spots for breakfast and lunch in scottsdale .	lunch	positive
once the dog is fixed then you can claim you have a clue .	dog	negative
ingredients were super fresh .	ingredients	positive
the curries are excellent and the service is always quick and friendly .	curries	positive
the curries are excellent and the service is always quick and friendly .	service	positive
very nice contemporary chinese cuisine .	contemporary chinese cuisine	positive
i love elmer 's .	elmer 's	positive
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	service	positive
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	table	positive
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	security guard	negative
room is well maintained and our suite was large and comfortable .	room	positive
room is well maintained and our suite was large and comfortable .	suite	positive
they have to finish theory conversations before helping anyone standing at the counter .	counter	negative
they were very friendly and even recommended some good places to eat .	places	positive
the only saving grace to pizza is that it is finger and convenience food .	pizza	positive
the only saving grace to pizza is that it is finger and convenience food .	convenience food	positive
the food is disgusting .	food	negative
it 's sweet , spicy , and comes out hot .	spicy	positive
the manager in this location is always friendly with me .	manager	positive
the manager in this location is always friendly with me .	location	positive
the free chips & salsa when check in not that great at all .	chips & salsa	negative
honest , trustworthy , consistent and just plain good people !	people	positive
we came on a friday for lunch and the place was not very busy .	lunch	negative
we came on a friday for lunch and the place was not very busy .	place	negative
awesome time on the river !	time	positive
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	staff	positive
next favorite is the steak sandwich .	steak sandwich	positive
anyway , there really is n't much to say about this place .	place	negative
funny stuff .	stuff	positive
can we get our gas money back ?	gas money	positive
i checked online and the only place it was playing was the cheap theater .	place	positive
i checked online and the only place it was playing was the cheap theater .	theater	positive
the view is also really nice .	view	positive
great donuts .	donuts	positive
the rooms great .	rooms	positive
service was good at the bar .	service	positive
service was good at the bar .	bar	positive
adequate portion but sauce was tasteless .	portion	negative
adequate portion but sauce was tasteless .	sauce	negative
the food was fantastic and the price was great !	food	positive
the food was fantastic and the price was great !	price	positive
good customer service .	customer service	positive
the bagels are fresh and the cream cheese is delicious .	bagels	positive
the bagels are fresh and the cream cheese is delicious .	cream cheese	positive
the grounds are always very clean .	grounds	positive
terrible location .	location	negative
would not call other pharmacy nor my vet to do her `` research '' .	pharmacy	negative
do n't ever ask for more chips , second basket is $ _num_ !	chips	negative
great place , highly recommended .	place	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
yummy food and lots of entertainment .	food	positive
yummy food and lots of entertainment .	entertainment	positive
excellent selection of foods .	selection of foods	positive
a great place for a date because i was on one .	place	positive
tickets come with the worst fees .	tickets	negative
tickets come with the worst fees .	fees	negative
excellent atmosphere , professional service , and outstanding food !	atmosphere	positive
excellent atmosphere , professional service , and outstanding food !	service	positive
excellent atmosphere , professional service , and outstanding food !	food	positive
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	sliders	positive
friendly and professional service .	service	positive
staff was very friendly and attentive .	staff	positive
it looks like most reviewers gave stars for how cheap the food is .	food	positive
prices are reasonable and the quality is outstanding .	prices	positive
prices are reasonable and the quality is outstanding .	quality	positive
marc is great and honest !	marc	positive
staff was rude and apathetic during our stay .	staff	negative
place sets the bar high .	place	positive
place sets the bar high .	bar	positive
items come out beautiful and they have a cool little rewards program as well .	items	positive
items come out beautiful and they have a cool little rewards program as well .	rewards program	positive
katie delivered stellar service .	service	positive
these guys were amazing .	guys	positive
their small calzone is really gigantic !	calzone	positive
my hair looks so cute , i love it !	hair	positive
always good service and not busy .	service	positive
brought my cameras in for a cleaning , and would highly recommend morris .	cameras	positive
brought my cameras in for a cleaning , and would highly recommend morris .	morris	positive
good atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
definitely recommend everyone using them for any landscaping needs you might have .	landscaping needs	positive
you get to put your favorites onto a sandwich for a great deal .	sandwich	positive
the sandwiches are made with quality ingredients .	sandwiches	positive
the sandwiches are made with quality ingredients .	ingredients	positive
great place for all your favorite kinds of asian food .	asian food	positive
we tried the enchiladas , sweet n spicy pork salad , flan .	enchiladas , sweet n spicy pork salad , flan	positive
stellar service at a reasonable price .	service	positive
stellar service at a reasonable price .	price	positive
dropped in to quality bumper a dealership recommendation for some running boards .	quality	negative
dropped in to quality bumper a dealership recommendation for some running boards .	dealership	negative
dropped in to quality bumper a dealership recommendation for some running boards .	running boards	negative
they have my favorite local beer on tap !	local beer on tap	positive
the roasted vegetables were decent but the garlic mashed potatoes were nothing special .	roasted vegetables	positive
the roasted vegetables were decent but the garlic mashed potatoes were nothing special .	garlic mashed potatoes	negative
the new management is terrible .	management	negative
so not ideal for a date unless you can get into a booth .	booth	negative
this dentist office is the best !	dentist office	positive
the food is worth the wait !	food	positive
the food is worth the wait !	wait	positive
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	coffee	negative
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	location	negative
not only was the food a disappointment but the place was a dump .	food	negative
not only was the food a disappointment but the place was a dump .	place	negative
also enjoyed the crazy lobster roll with cucumber wrap and the squid salad !	lobster roll with cucumber wrap	positive
also enjoyed the crazy lobster roll with cucumber wrap and the squid salad !	squid salad	positive
love the food and the service .	food	positive
love the food and the service .	service	positive
the caesar salad was watery and not seasoned properly .	caesar salad	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
much better than the tortilla factory !	tortilla factory	positive
everyone was friendly .	everyone	positive
the food was lousy .	food	negative
good food , great service a must stop .	food	positive
good food , great service a must stop .	service	positive
trying to cash out or get a check was a nightmare .	check	negative
quality of both beef and chicken seemed low grade .	quality	negative
quality of both beef and chicken seemed low grade .	beef	negative
quality of both beef and chicken seemed low grade .	chicken	negative
the ambiance is super cute and the service is top notch .	ambiance	positive
the ambiance is super cute and the service is top notch .	service	positive
great place to eat .	place	positive
if this place was in chicago it would lose business to red lobster !	place	negative
if this place was in chicago it would lose business to red lobster !	red lobster	negative
sushi was great and portion sizes were just right .	sushi	positive
sushi was great and portion sizes were just right .	portion sizes	positive
i ordered for _num_ people and none of them liked their food .	food	negative
so i brought my business elsewhere .	business	positive
we never changed our mind and i 'm _num_ % sure everyone ordered water .	water	positive
i also worry about cleanliness .	cleanliness	negative
i love this place , but give me more hot sauce !	place	positive
i love this place , but give me more hot sauce !	hot sauce	positive
being a female and bringing a car in one is always weary .	car	negative
and the roses were gorgeous .	roses	positive
i get settled in and ready to dish up my entree .	entree	positive
i recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone needing to see a dentist !	dentistry	positive
i recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone needing to see a dentist !	scottsdale	positive
overall a good selection of breakfast menu items .	breakfast menu items	positive
great architecture , and the layout is very creative as well .	architecture	positive
great architecture , and the layout is very creative as well .	layout	positive
delicious dinner on the patio last night .	dinner	positive
fresh and homemade pasta .	homemade pasta	positive
when i walked in the energy was really high .	energy	negative
the food and service are both great !	food	positive
the food and service are both great !	service	positive
coconut joe is another favorite of mine .	coconut joe	positive
do n't let the exterior fool you , the rooms are horrid .	exterior	negative
do n't let the exterior fool you , the rooms are horrid .	rooms	negative
the people running it were really friendly and family oriented .	people	positive
sea saw was an amazing restaurant .	sea saw	positive
sea saw was an amazing restaurant .	restaurant	positive
pictures were terrible quality .	pictures	negative
pictures were terrible quality .	quality	negative
a great place to live check it out !	place	positive
the owners are adorable !	owners	positive
and the towels were low quality and smaller than any decent hotel should have .	towels	negative
additionally , the staff is very genuine and friendly .	staff	positive
poor service !	service	negative
really cute market & ca n't recommend highly enough !	market	positive
fantastic service every time !	service	positive
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .	staff	positive
he found a million and one excuses to why the hair color failed .	hair color	negative
excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
i work in customer service and i know how people should be treated .	customer service	positive
the service is really good .	service	positive
i under that on dollar wednesdays it can get kind of hectic thats fine .	dollar wednesdays	negative
baked ravioli was outstanding .	baked ravioli	positive
there is decent hiking just a block or so away - up camelback mountain .	hiking	positive
there is decent hiking just a block or so away - up camelback mountain .	camelback	positive
that is basic customer service especially for a long time customer .	customer service	positive
the deli case workers are so sweet !	deli case workers	positive
also , they sell boards head lunch meat at a great price .	boards head lunch meat	positive
also , they sell boards head lunch meat at a great price .	price	positive
excellent pizza !	pizza	positive
and the food is great too .	food	positive
i was also able to get brown rice which makes me happy !	brown rice	positive
best drink selection in town and friendly helpful staff .	drink selection	positive
best drink selection in town and friendly helpful staff .	staff	positive
the lettuce was limp .	lettuce	negative
straight up best gyros !	gyros	positive
the music playing was 50s music which does n't make sense for a bar .	music playing	negative
the music playing was 50s music which does n't make sense for a bar .	bar	negative
orders are correct and they are always friendly when we go .	orders	positive
absolutely fabulous food !	food	positive
the color and cut have always been fabulous !	color	positive
the color and cut have always been fabulous !	cut	positive
no self check out .	self check out	negative
the volcano roll was horrible .	volcano roll	negative
excellent food !	food	positive
friendly staff and all about quality !	staff	positive
friendly staff and all about quality !	quality	positive
great variety of salads and entrees .	of salads	positive
great variety of salads and entrees .	entrees	positive
the sushi was mediocre and honestly forgettable .	sushi	negative
best restaurant au jus i have had in a long time !	restaurant au jus	positive
from the friendly staff to the free underground parking , our trip was phenomenal .	staff	positive
from the friendly staff to the free underground parking , our trip was phenomenal .	underground parking	positive
the ice queen ( dark hair - tattoos ) only checked on me once .	ice queen	negative
so , if you have a roommate , you guys are screwed .	roommate	negative
terrible service .	service	negative
my favorite korean place .	korean place	positive
great store , johnny and the staff are awesome !	store	positive
great store , johnny and the staff are awesome !	staff	positive
bouncer however , very rude and looked like he wanted to fight us .	bouncer	negative
this place sucks for customer service .	customer service	negative
the store is well organized and clean .	store	positive
if you need a relaxing evening , this was wonderful .	evening	positive
i love coming to the cove .	cove	positive
salsa is great .	salsa	positive
great little neighborhood place .	place	positive
_num_ % tip ?	tip	positive
i went in to have lunch last weekend and was extremely impressed .	lunch	positive
the perfect dress , the perfect hours , the perfect seamstress !	dress	positive
the perfect dress , the perfect hours , the perfect seamstress !	hours	positive
everyone does omelets , pancakes , etc .	omelets	positive
everyone does omelets , pancakes , etc .	pancakes	positive
excellent service , excellent food .	service	positive
excellent service , excellent food .	food	positive
great soup , decent sandwiches .	soup	positive
great soup , decent sandwiches .	sandwiches	positive
great value for money .	value for money	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
how refreshing to stumble upon a company with such outstanding ethics .	ethics	positive
excellent little dive bar .	dive bar	positive
still sadly disappointed in this location , i 've never been so let down .	location	negative
bottom line , good pizza at good price .	pizza	positive
bottom line , good pizza at good price .	price	positive
we go there to eat , dance , and listening to the music !	music	positive
so i was very unimpressed with this wine bar .	wine bar	negative
the service was exceptional and the food was even better .	service	positive
the service was exceptional and the food was even better .	food	positive
bar area is decent with a reasonable crowd around happy hour .	bar area	positive
i love , love , love this store !	store	positive
i know that this the team you can trust to look after your eyes .	team	positive
this is my favorite restaurant !	restaurant	positive
best burger in town .	burger	positive
gives a perfect fade .	fade	positive
by the time i got home my dog was bleeding again .	dog	negative
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	food	positive
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	staff	negative
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	workers	negative
they have a great beer selection and its a perfect place for a sat .	beer selection	positive
my mother is new to mesa so i brought her downtown for a mani/pedi .	mani/pedi	positive
kitschy decor , annoying tvs , service was ok but disinterested .	decor	negative
kitschy decor , annoying tvs , service was ok but disinterested .	service	negative
i 've never not finished an italian sandwich until today .	italian sandwich	positive
they also have great bagels .	bagels	positive
priced nice and the food is good .	priced	positive
priced nice and the food is good .	food	positive
on top of that , the staff was very friendly and informative .	staff	positive
great location , products and people .	location	positive
great location , products and people .	products	positive
great location , products and people .	people	positive
the horror begins after you drive off the lot .	horror	negative
their food is good , service is better .	food	positive
their food is good , service is better .	service	positive
a nice oasis in downtown scottsdale .	oasis	positive
i would have done better getting an instant thai meal at the grocery store .	instant thai meal	negative
the shrimp was good but everything else i barely ate any of .	shrimp	positive
the work was first class !	work	positive
for $ _num_ roughly per plate the food was very average .	food	negative
everyone is very friendly and helpful as well .	everyone	positive
great service again !	service	positive
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	dill	negative
helpful staff , great service , fantastic local business .	staff	positive
helpful staff , great service , fantastic local business .	service	positive
been here twice , the cheeseburger is amazing .	cheeseburger	positive
the size of the helpings is generous and the prices are reasonable .	size	positive
the size of the helpings is generous and the prices are reasonable .	helpings	positive
the size of the helpings is generous and the prices are reasonable .	prices	positive
it 's the perfect breakfast .	breakfast	positive
hubby and i had a meal before my tennis match on a monday .	meal	positive
hubby and i had a meal before my tennis match on a monday .	tennis	positive
just heavenly italian food !	italian food	positive
great place to get a pizza .	pizza	positive
best sushi in old town scottsdale .	sushi	positive
the food was delicious , and came quickly despite it being very busy .	food	positive
and this is why trusting dealerships is hard .	dealerships	negative
that said , the exhibits they had were really something special !	exhibits	positive
i like my food spicy .	food	positive
my favourite bar in old town .	bar	positive
worst italian place ever .	italian place	negative
and the food is just ok .	food	negative
i had a wonderful calzone that was enough for two meals .	calzone	positive
i had a wonderful calzone that was enough for two meals .	meals	positive
they think it 's ok to be rude to the customer .	customer	negative
great price for delicious pizza .	price	positive
great price for delicious pizza .	pizza	positive
for what they charge , yes portions are a bit on the small side .	portions	negative
it is always a treat !	treat	positive
in phoenix for _num_ weeks for work from la .	work	positive
loves this place and the authenticity .	place	positive
loves this place and the authenticity .	authenticity	positive
they were all entire sets in great condition for awesome prices .	prices	positive
the omelet i tried was delicious , service was great .	omelet	positive
the omelet i tried was delicious , service was great .	service	positive
red white and brew delivered with service and amazing food .	brew	positive
red white and brew delivered with service and amazing food .	service	positive
red white and brew delivered with service and amazing food .	food	positive
i 'd purchased a aaa battery and just _num_ months later started having issues .	aaa battery	negative
just an awful meal .	meal	negative
save yourself the trouble and your business elsewhere .	business	positive
cool 6am bar .	bar	positive
i have had better chowder at a lower price .	chowder	negative
i have had better chowder at a lower price .	price	negative
never disappointed , i had the best burger of my life last night !	burger	positive
the place is just straight up fun .	place	positive
teach your employees some compassion .	employees	positive
i highly recommend the stylist rhonda .	stylist	positive
abby is amazing !	abby	positive
excellent service .	service	positive
and they got a pretty interest line up of beers on draft .	beers	positive
i only gave _num_ stars because the service was decent .	service	positive
tiger roll is also good .	tiger roll	positive
great staff to serve you .	staff	positive
great staff to serve you .	serve	positive
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !	location	positive
the salad was nothing to brag about .	salad	negative
my absolute favorite mexican food restaurant on the planet .	mexican food	positive
and the style he so expertly executed suits my present mood perfectly .	style	positive
the pizza was done quite fast , however , it look completely disgusting .	pizza	negative
excellent food , nice cozy ambiance , very authentically persian .	food	positive
excellent food , nice cozy ambiance , very authentically persian .	ambiance	positive
my dad got a gift card and took us .	gift card	positive
great wait staff .	wait staff	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the woman was helping another customer , the young girl standing around .	woman	negative
the woman was helping another customer , the young girl standing around .	customer	negative
the woman was helping another customer , the young girl standing around .	girl	negative
this place is great !	place	positive
the tomato was mushy .	tomato	negative
she brought my husband the wrong drink .	drink	negative
it did n't have a lot of flavor and not enough toppings .	flavor	negative
it did n't have a lot of flavor and not enough toppings .	toppings	negative
rumors is my new place and kayla is my new stylist !	place	positive
rumors is my new place and kayla is my new stylist !	kayla	positive
too buttery and not enough bread !	bread	negative
treat yourself and go get tea .	tea	positive
$ _num_ gets you a car wash and vacuum - nothing extra .	car wash	positive
$ _num_ gets you a car wash and vacuum - nothing extra .	vacuum	positive
but a good track to run on , no doubt about that .	track	positive
during lunch hours this place is always packed .	lunch	negative
during lunch hours this place is always packed .	place	negative
first off , when we called , we got the usual sales tactics .	sales tactics	negative
i love the dark old school atmosphere and tall booths .	atmosphere	positive
i love the dark old school atmosphere and tall booths .	booths	positive
the food is good and the delivery is on point .	food	positive
the food is good and the delivery is on point .	delivery	positive
best cuban sandwich i 've ever had !	cuban sandwich	positive
they made a dental visit a very easy and comfortable one .	dental visit	positive
excellent service too .	service	positive
this place is a hidden gem .	place	positive
they also serve great lunches .	lunches	positive
i would recommend going to this store for nice merchandise at good prices .	merchandise	positive
i would recommend going to this store for nice merchandise at good prices .	prices	positive
the baked potato soup is wonderful !	baked potato soup	positive
if you 're a sushi lover then you came to the right place .	sushi	positive
price $ _num_ for _num_ raviolis .	price $	positive
love the food .	food	positive
fantastic suit store .	suit store	positive
wanted above average bar food and good beer selection .	bar food	positive
wanted above average bar food and good beer selection .	beer selection	positive
it tasted like calamari .	calamari	positive
is this gym gross , dirty and smelly ?	gym	negative
the rice was overcooked and hard .	rice	negative
spend your money somewhere where they actually care about their customers .	customers	negative
they even helped with some of the insurance issues i was having .	insurance	negative
overall a good meal !	meal	positive
love this place .	place	positive
it was worse than any drive bars i have been to .	drive bars	negative
tacos with a hair baked into the shell .	tacos	positive
tacos with a hair baked into the shell .	hair	positive
tacos with a hair baked into the shell .	shell	positive
the staff is amazing - incredibly accommodating and kind .	staff	positive
i definitely recommend the fresh spring rolls ( such fluffy noodles ! )	spring rolls	positive
i definitely recommend the fresh spring rolls ( such fluffy noodles ! )	noodles	positive
the door would n't open at all .	door	negative
nice place .	place	positive
excellent service .	service	positive
( took _num_ days to do a simple bumper hood repair . )	bumper hood	negative
this property is well maintained , the staff is courteous and prompt .	property	positive
this property is well maintained , the staff is courteous and prompt .	staff	positive
pretty bummed about the scottsdale culinary festival .	scottsdale culinary festival	negative
so worth the price !	price	positive
all of the staff were wonderful .	staff	positive
made a reservation for _num_ during restaurant week , confirmed the day before .	reservation for	negative
in fact , the edge looked better than showroom .	edge	positive
service was painfully slow .	service	negative
not a fancy place but charming and unique .	place	positive
between this time and monday i was out of town for business matters .	business	negative
sales rep knew nothing about the vehicle besides the very obvious .	sales	negative
sales rep knew nothing about the vehicle besides the very obvious .	vehicle	negative
they have a pretty bad sports program and they have a terrible student section .	sports program	negative
they have a pretty bad sports program and they have a terrible student section .	student section	negative
great price , lots of real deli meat .	price	positive
great price , lots of real deli meat .	deli meat	positive
love this restaurant and always will .	restaurant	positive
went next door for ice cream and the card was fine !	ice cream	positive
went next door for ice cream and the card was fine !	card	positive
excellent value !	value	positive
cons -- ugh , where do i start ?	cons	negative
just left and took it off the bill .	bill	negative
tons of empty space .	space	negative
amazing food .	food	positive
there were no ball washers & no pictures of the fairways at each tee .	ball washers	negative
there were no ball washers & no pictures of the fairways at each tee .	fairways	negative
arguably the best pizza in town .	pizza	positive
the ribs are worth the trip !	ribs	positive
great food , nice atmosphere .	food	positive
great food , nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the salmon lox was delicious .	salmon lox	positive
the worse service i have ever had .	service	negative
what this restaurant does is so easy !	restaurant	positive
we will definitely come back to this place though !	place	positive
this is probably my favorite thai food in town .	thai food	positive
the scenery is incredible and there was so much wildlife and amazing views !	scenery	positive
the scenery is incredible and there was so much wildlife and amazing views !	wildlife	positive
the scenery is incredible and there was so much wildlife and amazing views !	views	positive
worth a visit for the take home beer selection .	take home beer selection	positive
i always find cute stuff !	stuff	positive
the price is definitely right too , especially for two medical school students !	price	positive
i would definitely recommend this place !	place	positive
lynn needs to go flip burgers for a living !	burgers	positive
the drinks were too weak , what is advertised as hot is not .	drinks	negative
their chicken dinner meal looked like sliced cafeteria chicken .	chicken dinner meal	negative
their chicken dinner meal looked like sliced cafeteria chicken .	sliced cafeteria chicken	negative
the food is well worth the wait !	food	positive
the food is well worth the wait !	wait	positive
worst margarita i 've ever tasted .	margarita	negative
that is my favorite place to spend time looking around !	place	positive
just went today and scored with two summer dresses ... for free .	summer dresses	positive
service was good and friendly .	service	positive
the last time we went , i just asked for plain hot water .	water	negative
had dinner here last night and it was great .	dinner	positive
they put sausage on the whole pizza .	sausage	negative
they put sausage on the whole pizza .	pizza	positive
so i was unable to bring the chicken in to get my money back .	chicken	negative
dirty and rude employees .	employees	negative
excellent service !	service	positive
good people watching .	people	positive
the waiters and waitresses are all very kind and welcoming .	waiters	positive
the waiters and waitresses are all very kind and welcoming .	waitresses	positive
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	rental	negative
i only go for location but i 've been to plenty better .	location	positive
my hair looks great .	hair	positive
i would never ever ever book another stay here even if it was free .	stay	positive
i love the lady that helped us out .	lady	positive
i had a great time and loved the performances and the costumes !	performances	positive
i had a great time and loved the performances and the costumes !	costumes	positive
the service was just as bad !	service	negative
i also love the ambience .	ambience	positive
i was very happy with the results !	results	positive
no flavor .	flavor	negative
my wife enjoyed the prickly pear margarita with dinner .	prickly pear margarita with dinner	positive
the food was not even remotely close to fresh .	food	negative
my stylist was tina and my experience was amazing .	stylist	positive
best persian food in az !	persian food	positive
waitress was on top of it and super friendly .	waitress	positive
would be fun for a date or girls night out .	girls	positive
so accommodating and such nice staff .	staff	positive
i asked for linguine & clam sauce and a fettuccine alfredo .	linguine & clam sauce	positive
i asked for linguine & clam sauce and a fettuccine alfredo .	fettuccine alfredo	positive
unfortunately , the whole eating experience was underwhelming .	eating experience	negative
very very poor business operation .	business operation	negative
worst service .	service	negative
bad job kathy ... bad job .	kathy	negative
and he left to get the comp info .	comp info	positive
i have never actually tried the cakes , but they look damn good .	cakes	positive
a large cheese pizza would probably get you to the moon and back .	cheese pizza	positive
i would recommend it as a cool place to hang out .	place	positive
best mussels i 've eaten in my life .	mussels	positive
it 's apparently just a smoking area for the few existing patrons .	smoking area	negative
i loved this place .	place	positive
overall this place looked nice and has good food .	food	positive
my first experience of a comedy show and this location .	location	positive
for _num_ drinks and two snacks our bill comes to _num_ .	drinks	positive
for _num_ drinks and two snacks our bill comes to _num_ .	bill	positive
the techs are helpful as always .	techs	positive
they were wonderful , the food and service is the best .	food	positive
they were wonderful , the food and service is the best .	service	positive
rude service never returning .	service	negative
the service was slow and he was rude and cold .	service	negative
drive thru service , hell yeah !	service	positive
what an inviting , charming place to have pizza with friends during the week .	place	positive
what an inviting , charming place to have pizza with friends during the week .	pizza	positive
ten stars for him , minus nine for his office person .	office person	positive
other than that is is like every other mcdonald 's in the us .	mcdonald	positive
i also tried a couple of their margaritas .	margaritas	positive
the best chips and salsa as well !	chips	positive
the best chips and salsa as well !	salsa	positive
excellent staff .	staff	positive
great little place ; glad i found them .	place	positive
this hotel has terrible service especially at the pool .	service	negative
this hotel has terrible service especially at the pool .	pool	negative
i tried this place a couple months back .	place	positive
great spot in the heart of old town .	spot	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
this location is terrible !	location	negative
the staff is horrible i will never go there again .	staff	negative
love this place !	place	positive
i had to wait _num_ more hour for the prescriptions to be ready .	prescriptions	negative
looks the waiters just dont want to work !	waiters	negative
great tire shop !	tire shop	positive
everyone i met was so friendly i felt very comfortable going there .	everyone	positive
it is overall an awesome property .	property	positive
you ca n't estimate when a project will get done ?	project	negative
sunset completed the evening .	sunset	positive
when we first checked in the hotel clerk was not very welcoming .	hotel clerk	negative
best in quality , and selection !	quality	positive
best in quality , and selection !	selection	positive
great food , excellent service and a gorgeous view !	food	positive
great food , excellent service and a gorgeous view !	service	positive
great food , excellent service and a gorgeous view !	view	positive
just finished up at native and we had the best server , liz !	server	positive
will continue to stay her for the value .	value	positive
barely enough cheese on pizza .	cheese on pizza	negative
so happy with our camp shirts !	camp shirts	positive
the food here is as authentic to mexico as can be !	food	positive
terrible pad thai .	pad thai	negative
they tasted ok ... not much of a drink special .	drink	negative
the best german food i have had in arizona .	german food	positive
amazing food !	food	positive
i can not believe how this place is still in business .	place	positive
this restaurant is a real gem in north scottsdale .	restaurant	positive
the service was horrible .	service	negative
good food .	food	positive
low quality ingredients in my opinion .	ingredients	negative
no wonder the place is a shut whole .	place	negative
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .	blue corn tacos with chicken	positive
the course and clubhouse has improved immensely over the years !	course	positive
the course and clubhouse has improved immensely over the years !	clubhouse	positive
there was garbage , literally garbage , all over the floor by our table .	table	negative
poor customer service .	customer service	negative
i 'm glad we made the drive cuz the food was excellent .	food	positive
prices are fair and you get a good amount of food for your buck .	prices	positive
prices are fair and you get a good amount of food for your buck .	food	positive
wow can you say amazing new entrance !	entrance	positive
they also forgot our desert .	desert	negative
however the chicken was like gum .	chicken	negative
the refried beans were bland and the rice overcooked and mushy .	refried beans	negative
the refried beans were bland and the rice overcooked and mushy .	rice	negative
great pizza , great wine , great service !	pizza	positive
great pizza , great wine , great service !	wine	positive
great pizza , great wine , great service !	service	positive
great wine selection , great food selection .	wine selection	positive
great wine selection , great food selection .	food selection	positive
french dip is always on point .	french dip	positive
the staff here is very attentive and helpful .	staff	positive
chorizo and egg was perfect !	chorizo and egg	positive
after waiting for a while , the busser finally brought us waters and silverware .	busser	positive
after waiting for a while , the busser finally brought us waters and silverware .	waters	positive
after waiting for a while , the busser finally brought us waters and silverware .	silverware	positive
the hamburger was as expected .	hamburger	positive
the service is decent as well .	service	positive
one of the premier hotels around the valley .	hotels	positive
food was bland and cold .	food	negative
it is officially where customer service died .	customer service	negative
the bottom of the dress was black from the dirty floors .	dress	negative
the bottom of the dress was black from the dirty floors .	floors	negative
great fun , interesting crowd .	crowd	positive
yummy food , great drinks !	food	positive
yummy food , great drinks !	drinks	positive
very busy but very good service .	service	positive
nobody was going to be going to his establishment anyways .	establishment	negative
what a great group .	group	positive
my daughter finished her meal , we left , i did not eat mine .	meal	negative
great take-out chinese , love the crab puffs !	take-out chinese	positive
great take-out chinese , love the crab puffs !	crab puffs	positive
friendly staff !	staff	positive
the music was a little too loud and the interior was predictable .	music	negative
the music was a little too loud and the interior was predictable .	interior	negative
prices are very fair .	prices	positive
love this place !	place	positive
service was very good .	service	positive
the only plus was the attentive and helpful wait staff .	wait staff	positive
sadly , his tactics worked .	tactics	negative
i recently moved in to a newly remodeled apartment .	apartment	positive
always good after the river too .	river	positive
overall a great birthday spot .	birthday spot	positive
staff is always super helpful and nice as well .	staff	positive
- bad customer service .	customer service	negative
james is a very good salesman !	salesman	positive
love the staff .	staff	positive
as we walked to the table the hostess was not happy to seat us .	table	negative
as we walked to the table the hostess was not happy to seat us .	hostess	negative
growing up with this place brings back a lot of memories .	place	positive
the atmosphere and service were also very good .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere and service were also very good .	service	positive
very big portion and the fish was very good .	portion	positive
very big portion and the fish was very good .	fish	positive
it seems my experience with good veal is extremely limited .	veal	negative
nice people running this place .	people	positive
my husband and i come here all the time ... ... great food !	food	positive
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	bread	negative
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	dip	negative
seriously great food and service .	food	positive
seriously great food and service .	service	positive
two thumbs up for mark !	mark	positive
nigiri : fish was stale .	nigiri : fish	negative
great room service , and truly excellent housekeeping staff .	room service	positive
great room service , and truly excellent housekeeping staff .	housekeeping staff	positive
went with a party of _num_ and loved this place .	place	positive
i will definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
most of the stuff was really good .	stuff	positive
thank you again to every staff member at oasis animal clinic !	staff	positive
thank you again to every staff member at oasis animal clinic !	animal	positive
ordered spicy chicken wrap and it was so soggy that it just fell apart .	spicy chicken wrap	negative
we have been going to sweet cakes for years .	cakes	positive
the portions are huge so be prepared to take some home .	portions	positive
love this place .	place	positive
the worst pizza ever eaten .	pizza	negative
best neighborhood grocery store .	grocery store	positive
rick is very thorough , knowledgable , responsive , responsible and honest .	rick	positive
the staff was awful , rude and not approachable .	staff	negative
i ordered the swordfish with mango salsa .	swordfish with mango salsa	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
the band at jade was amazing , we will definitely return !	band	positive
normally at italian restaurants the calamari is fried , but not here .	calamari	positive
normally at italian restaurants the calamari is fried , but not here .	fried	positive
excellent service .	service	positive
i also do n't blame smokers for smoking in places where it is allowed .	smokers	negative
the ice machine was out of ice .	ice machine	negative
best sports bar ever !	sports bar	positive
if all you want is pizza , this is the place .	pizza	positive
the dim sum items were over steamed and were dried out on top .	dim sum items	negative
her prices are very reasonable and she is a lovely person .	prices	positive
good pricing on their coffee drinks .	pricing	positive
good pricing on their coffee drinks .	coffee drinks	positive
totally awesome food and service ... .	food	positive
totally awesome food and service ... .	service	positive
needless to say , we decided to pass on dessert and head home .	dessert	negative
groupon does n't save you much .	groupon	negative
the owner is from thailand and is very friendly .	owner	positive
wtf is wrong with this company !	company	negative
terrible - no flavor , cold .	flavor	negative
also their chili is usually watered down .	chili	negative
excellent atmosphere ... great place for a date as well !	atmosphere	positive
my oil and tire rotation ( i had and appointment ) took _num_ hours .	oil	negative
great first visit to palm glen .	palm	positive
i 'm also a huge fan of their halibut .	halibut	positive
salon tru is very nice salon , but a little pricey .	salon tru	positive
salon tru is very nice salon , but a little pricey .	salon	positive
one of my favorite restaurants !	restaurants	positive
but they are charging late fees on late fees .	fees	negative
wings are just as good too .	wings	positive
burger were pretty tasty !	burger	positive
it 's the establishment doing away with the establishment .	establishment	positive
had the typical delivery chinese food craving so i looked for a good one !	delivery chinese food	negative
great service and customer service .	service	positive
great service and customer service .	customer service	positive
their bulk food section particularly is impressive ... and the prices are fabulous !	bulk food section	positive
their bulk food section particularly is impressive ... and the prices are fabulous !	prices	positive
biscuits please !	biscuits	positive
my husband got the enchiladas and also really enjoyed them .	enchiladas	positive
the chicken was burnt so badly .	chicken	negative
the burrito itself was okay nothing great .	burrito	positive
if i was reviewing the bar - _num_ stars !	bar	positive
the jalapeno cream cheese is one of my favorites .	jalapeno cream cheese	positive
i definitely recommend the place !	place	positive
best around .	around	positive
just better quality products all around , in my opinion .	quality products	negative
good prices , and a very comfortable , family-friendly atmosphere .	prices	positive
good prices , and a very comfortable , family-friendly atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
very good quality , impressed with this restaurant .	quality	positive
very good quality , impressed with this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
this place is consistently very good .	place	positive
of all the spas in the area , this is by far the best .	spas	positive
of all the spas in the area , this is by far the best .	area	positive
the chimichanga with carne asada is amazing .	chimichanga with carne asada	positive
best place to eat in the area .	place	positive
best place to eat in the area .	area	positive
it tasted like an omelet ... which i did not want !	omelet	negative
she informed me that they needed the table by 8:30 .	table	positive
great collection of cars .	collection of cars	positive
i told him that salmon does not take this long to grill .	salmon	positive
fantastic place , good food , good service , good drinks .	place	positive
fantastic place , good food , good service , good drinks .	food	positive
fantastic place , good food , good service , good drinks .	service	positive
fantastic place , good food , good service , good drinks .	drinks	positive
i did not get the same service .	service	negative
so next time , i will wait and see my own physician .	physician	negative
so , i asked if i could put a little ice in the mug .	ice	positive
so , i asked if i could put a little ice in the mug .	mug	positive
had your typical scoop of ice cream on a cone - it was delicious !	scoop of ice cream on	positive
my gorgonzola rib eye was supposed to be medium rare ... again , nope .	gorgonzola rib eye	negative
first of all the old lady at the counter was extremely rude !	counter	negative
your beer special is a $ _num_ miller lite ?	beer special	positive
the chefs are awesome and highly entertaining .	chefs	positive
the chef must have been off last night .	chef	negative
no other patrons were on the patio ( figures ! )	patio	negative
they are very generous with their scoops and have friendly service !	scoops	positive
they are very generous with their scoops and have friendly service !	service	positive
great food as always .	food	positive
they lost my business and my recommendation over $ _num_ .	business	negative
great place to go !	place	positive
native is even good for families .	native	positive
native is even good for families .	families	positive
the quality was horrible .	quality	negative
they have very good prices and a nice staff .	prices	positive
they have very good prices and a nice staff .	staff	positive
pretty impressed with the set up .	set up	negative
yuck ... we asked for just regular sourdough and they did n't have any .	sourdough	negative
the food was amazing like always and we left very full and happy !	food	positive
cons : pizza did not taste good .	pizza	negative
basically over americanized food that is way over priced .	food	negative
basically over americanized food that is way over priced .	priced	negative
the server was surly , no smile , no thank you .	server	negative
the specials are awesome and they have some fun games like giant connect four .	specials	positive
the specials are awesome and they have some fun games like giant connect four .	games	positive
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .	patio	negative
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .	owner	negative
the show is very entertaining and the musicians are very talented .	show	positive
the show is very entertaining and the musicians are very talented .	musicians	positive
trash !	trash	negative
this spot is great !	spot	positive
maybe people just are n't used to great mexican food in az .	mexican food	positive
food was really good and the portions were huge .	food	positive
food was really good and the portions were huge .	portions	positive
it was low quality , high calorie and not very subtle .	quality	negative
it was low quality , high calorie and not very subtle .	calorie	negative
the service was also wonderful .	service	positive
a lady i work with had a similar experience with her room .	room	negative
good food and service every time i 've been here .	food	positive
good food and service every time i 've been here .	service	positive
this is my favorite place in the valley to get pizza by the slice .	pizza	positive
this is my favorite place in the valley to get pizza by the slice .	slice	positive
just gorgeous decor and atmosphere .	decor	positive
just gorgeous decor and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
they said that the manager was busy , and that security would be coming .	manager	negative
they said that the manager was busy , and that security would be coming .	security	negative
what a great value !	value	positive
i also recommend getting the blue cheese crust on top of the ribeye .	blue cheese crust	positive
i also recommend getting the blue cheese crust on top of the ribeye .	ribeye	positive
hard to understand actors .	actors	negative
so far this has been the most impressive medical experience i have ever had .	medical	positive
the antipasto platter was wonderful .	antipasto platter	positive
great lunch joint .	lunch joint	positive
the live music is awesome as well .	live music	positive
paul the manager took care of me today !	manager	positive
service staff is very knowledgeable as well .	service staff	positive
waited over _num_ minutes for our entrees .	entrees	negative
place is not just outdated but falling apart .	place	negative
this store is the best.	store	positive
great butter pecan ice cream !	butter pecan ice cream	positive
amazing breakfast burritos , great vegetarian burrito !	breakfast burritos	positive
amazing breakfast burritos , great vegetarian burrito !	vegetarian burrito	positive
no apology from dentist .	dentist	negative
the regulars and the bartenders were great entertainment !	regulars	positive
the regulars and the bartenders were great entertainment !	bartenders	positive
terrible service .	service	negative
the food finally arrived and it was gross .	food	negative
heidi was super nice and efficient .	heidi	positive
is it the best thai ?	thai	positive
great & friendly service .	service	positive
my wedding reception was flawless !	wedding reception	positive
this place is disgusting and i will never be back .	place	negative
best donuts in town !	donuts	positive
this place is a stink hole !	place	negative
what 's the big deal about a twice baked potato ?	twice baked potato	negative
great food , ambience and location .	food	positive
great food , ambience and location .	ambience	positive
great food , ambience and location .	location	positive
anyways , love this sephora !	sephora	positive
my friends and i loved this place !	place	positive
you can not judge people based on appearance .	appearance	negative
what about 5-10 minutes has passed we still have n't gotten our drinks .	drinks	negative
i 've been going to ra sushi for _num_ yrs .	sushi for _num_ yrs	positive
my friend had to spit out the calamari .	calamari	negative
the servers are friendly and the service is quick for a fancy place .	servers	positive
the servers are friendly and the service is quick for a fancy place .	service	positive
the servers are friendly and the service is quick for a fancy place .	place	positive
had the shredded chicken chimi platter and it was perfect .	shredded chicken chimi platter	positive
the customer next to us had the lobster and was also big time disappointed .	customer	negative
the customer next to us had the lobster and was also big time disappointed .	lobster	negative
nice staff & great menu .	staff	positive
nice staff & great menu .	menu	positive
the doctor here is so nice and sweet and very informative .	doctor	positive
excellent pizza that wo n't leave you feeling stuffed but still very satisfied .	pizza	positive
the pizza was blah - totally generic and nothing special .	pizza	negative
the nachos and beer were the best part .	nachos	positive
the nachos and beer were the best part .	beer	positive
wonderful place !	place	positive
i agree with other reviews that the service and food are both fantastic .	service	positive
i agree with other reviews that the service and food are both fantastic .	food	positive
food is pretty pedestrian , location is a plus .	food	negative
food is pretty pedestrian , location is a plus .	location	positive
truth be told , i did n't even get to the order .	order	negative
they make shipping stuff a pleasant experience .	shipping stuff	positive
whenever attendants are here they are super nice and helpful .	attendants	positive
thank goodness i found this place .	place	positive
great nail techs , relaxing environment .	nail techs	positive
great nail techs , relaxing environment .	environment	positive
their beer is n't my favorite , and their food is sub-par .	beer	negative
their beer is n't my favorite , and their food is sub-par .	food	negative
i love a good dive bar but this place is disgusting !	dive bar	positive
i love a good dive bar but this place is disgusting !	place	negative
great customer service and beautiful cake .	customer service	positive
great customer service and beautiful cake .	cake	positive
it 's an affordable and friendly place and the food is consistently good .	place	positive
it 's an affordable and friendly place and the food is consistently good .	food	positive
every time i go to az i always go here .	az	positive
shrimp toast : lots of flavor and that flavor was salt .	shrimp toast	positive
shrimp toast : lots of flavor and that flavor was salt .	flavor	positive
shrimp toast : lots of flavor and that flavor was salt .	salt	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
recommended by a local we had to check this place out .	place	positive
i also like the location in the scottsdale fashion square .	location	positive
i also like the location in the scottsdale fashion square .	scottsdale	positive
food is delicious .	food	positive
this is a great place to be morning or night .	place	positive
a crap place passing off the italian food that they serve under normal days .	italian food	negative
sephora is like crack for me .	sephora	positive
waitress has always been super nice .	waitress	positive
great , helpful and knowledgeable staff and great prices !	staff	positive
great , helpful and knowledgeable staff and great prices !	prices	positive
the pizzas are good .	pizzas	positive
the miso was nasty as well .	miso	negative
my partner ordered a steak and it was a bit cold .	steak	negative
_num_ ) most importantly , their sound is horrible !	sound	negative
wonderfully kind staff .	staff	positive
this store is large , clean and bright .	store	positive
i do n't recommend brown rd animal clinic to anyone at all .	brown rd animal clinic	negative
also great bartender !	bartender	positive
i am extremely pleased with the results , and also with the service .	results	positive
i am extremely pleased with the results , and also with the service .	service	positive
my go to spot for good craft beer for many years .	craft beer	positive
parking is a nightmare .	parking	negative
ra is awful .	ra	negative
i spent $ _num_ on a fake chanel bag .	chanel bag	negative
good hookah too .	hookah	positive
the money they charge obviously is n't going towards the restaurant .	money	negative
this is a fun place with something for everyone .	place	positive
the food was pretty good too .	food	positive
went here with a couple of friends for dinner and really enjoyed the food !	food	positive
salmon was unremarkable .	salmon	negative
clean rooms , ample parking , well appointed suite style rooms that felt spacious .	parking	positive
clean rooms , ample parking , well appointed suite style rooms that felt spacious .	suite	positive
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .	things	positive
love dos gringos for happy hour .	dos gringos	positive
he does not care about the customer , customer satisfaction or his job .	customer	negative
he does not care about the customer , customer satisfaction or his job .	customer satisfaction	negative
lovely place !	place	positive
great hotel - the room is big with a separate living area .	room	positive
great hotel - the room is big with a separate living area .	living area	positive
you could n't even taste the steak because of the gravy taste .	steak	negative
you could n't even taste the steak because of the gravy taste .	gravy taste	negative
just had the chorizo breakfast burrito , so good !	chorizo breakfast burrito	positive
literally every single time they leave out the onions .	onions	negative
the phoenician is a great resort .	phoenician	positive
fast service , reasonable priced and friendly service .	service	positive
fast service , reasonable priced and friendly service .	priced	positive
fast service , reasonable priced and friendly service .	service	positive
the iced tea was fresh .	iced tea	positive
defalco 's is amazingly delicious .	defalco	positive
very authentic japanese in an elegant , clean , and inviting atmosphere .	japanese	positive
very authentic japanese in an elegant , clean , and inviting atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
he served our drinks quickly .	drinks	positive
the owner was terribly rude and spoiled it .	owner	negative
the rest of the staff has been great too .	staff	positive
the facility is overall pretty clean .	facility	positive
it 's actually bigger than the san diego store .	store	positive
our server kim was phenomenal and deserves a raise .	server	positive
the ambiance is elegant without being stuffy !	ambiance	positive
service just gets worst and worst .	service	negative
nothing special about service either .	service	negative
the french toast was some of the best i have ever had !	french toast	positive
menu options ... .	menu options	positive
this place is a nightmare .	place	negative
awesome thai !	thai	positive
mike the gm gave me a great discount !	gm	positive
no taste no flavor a basic chain style pie with no soul .	flavor	negative
no taste no flavor a basic chain style pie with no soul .	basic chain style pie	negative
i definitely recommend anyone in scottsdale to check this place out .	place	positive
love all the bagels .	bagels	positive
their breakfast sandwiches and bowls are delicious !	breakfast sandwiches	positive
their breakfast sandwiches and bowls are delicious !	bowls	positive
this is definitely not a place i would recommend .	place	negative
the ambience is wonderful and we would totally visit it again .	ambience	positive
good food , great margaritas , fun atmosphere .	food	positive
good food , great margaritas , fun atmosphere .	margaritas	positive
good food , great margaritas , fun atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
service was great , food was great .	service	positive
service was great , food was great .	food	positive
love my tattoo !	tattoo	positive
_num_ of the _num_ had the fixed price and had given their dessert order .	price	positive
_num_ of the _num_ had the fixed price and had given their dessert order .	dessert order	positive
this place is the best .	place	positive
def recommend everyone to eat here .	eat	positive
same great service and food !	service	positive
same great service and food !	food	positive
rude and careless staff .	staff	negative
hubs has had the lobster bisque and he said it very good .	lobster bisque	positive
my dining partner 's omelet was n't anything to brag about either .	dining partner	negative
my dining partner 's omelet was n't anything to brag about either .	omelet	negative
some rough looking young people .	young	negative
nothing fancy but good food .	food	positive
my favorite downtown mesa lunch spot !	downtown mesa lunch spot	positive
the installer did not see this when he was done ?	installer	negative
i love the food .	food	positive
az people - you know better mex food !	food	positive
jammed packed with all kinds of beautiful stuff .	stuff	positive
we sat on the couch for _num_ minutes waiting .	couch	negative
definitely ask for the hand roll !	hand roll	positive
the manager could care less that we had an awful experience .	manager	negative
i usually do the drive thru and it is quick and easy .	drive thru	positive
great family place and wonderful home italian cooking .	family place	positive
great family place and wonderful home italian cooking .	home italian cooking	positive
cool place .	place	positive
again , the place was n't overly busy , no excuse for delays .	place	positive
not the options i wanted .	options	negative
delicious food and great service !	food	positive
delicious food and great service !	service	positive
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .	steak & salsa burrito	positive
i really like this place for its executive course .	executive course	positive
excellent breakfast options on the menu with good coffee .	breakfast options	positive
excellent breakfast options on the menu with good coffee .	menu	positive
excellent breakfast options on the menu with good coffee .	coffee	positive
a great example of starbucks done right !	starbucks	positive
i ordered a lemon drop and it was super good .	lemon drop	positive
i stopped for chile relleno breakfast and it was authentic and delicious .	chile relleno breakfast	positive
not only is the food amazing but the customer service is beyond belief .	food	positive
not only is the food amazing but the customer service is beyond belief .	customer service	positive
the machaca beef is amazing and the enchiladas are on point .	machaca beef	positive
the machaca beef is amazing and the enchiladas are on point .	enchiladas	positive
great interior design , fantastic service , and well cooked filet .	interior design	positive
great interior design , fantastic service , and well cooked filet .	service	positive
great interior design , fantastic service , and well cooked filet .	filet	positive
anyway , please please do n't waste your time nor money here .	money	negative
the staff is very friendly .	staff	positive
really disappointed by this place .	place	negative
if you want a seafood spot in the desert , this is it !	seafood spot	positive
first time they did n't put any veggies on it .	veggies	negative
the sushi was essentially a big rice roll with little to no fish .	sushi	negative
the sushi was essentially a big rice roll with little to no fish .	rice roll	negative
the sushi was essentially a big rice roll with little to no fish .	fish	negative
some of it was cold ( eggs benedict ) .	eggs benedict	negative
the environment was magical and beautiful , and the staff was so inviting .	environment	positive
the environment was magical and beautiful , and the staff was so inviting .	staff	positive
great personality , amazing skill set , great prices , flawless work .	skill set	positive
great personality , amazing skill set , great prices , flawless work .	prices	positive
the food has always been great , as well as the service .	food	positive
the food has always been great , as well as the service .	service	positive
no bottled water - ok , i can deal with that .	bottled water	negative
great room .	room	positive
most of the time the service is personable and excellent !	service	positive
would be good to eat with bread or something .	bread	positive
best pozole in town !	pozole	positive
the coffee turned out to be very weak .	coffee	negative
not my favorite place , but ok if you like dive bars .	place	negative
not my favorite place , but ok if you like dive bars .	dive bars	positive
needless to say my nails were breaking within a week .	nails	negative
super burrito generally nails all _num_ .	burrito	positive
get an appetizer platter , it 's so delicious and very healthy .	appetizer platter	positive
great value here .	value	positive
high hygienist turnover with inconsistent questionable billing ... nice facilities .	billing	negative
high hygienist turnover with inconsistent questionable billing ... nice facilities .	facilities	positive
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	lady	negative
the tea and coffee is bold , unique and mighty tasty .	tea	positive
the tea and coffee is bold , unique and mighty tasty .	coffee	positive
strong drinks .	drinks	positive
i will gladly drive _num_ miles out of my way to the next subway .	subway	positive
thanks for going above and beyond , ladies .	ladies	positive
then _num_ minutes to get us menus , water , and chips .	menus	positive
then _num_ minutes to get us menus , water , and chips .	water	positive
then _num_ minutes to get us menus , water , and chips .	chips	positive
i will definitely take the drive _num_ this location !	drive _num_	positive
i will definitely take the drive _num_ this location !	location	positive
delicious food !	food	positive
i will not be going to this location again .	location	negative
we had dinner here last night , the food leaves much to be desired .	dinner	negative
we had dinner here last night , the food leaves much to be desired .	food	negative
and management does n't do anything about it .	management	negative
probably the best mexican food i have eaten .	mexican food	positive
their beans , tortillas , and green sauce are pretty tasty as well .	beans	positive
their beans , tortillas , and green sauce are pretty tasty as well .	tortillas	positive
their beans , tortillas , and green sauce are pretty tasty as well .	green sauce	positive
the chopped salad is the best around .	chopped salad	positive
nicole is seriously the best and was so helpful in meeting our rental needs .	rental	positive
it was a wonderful experience and the food was fantastic .	food	positive
i ordered a caesar with chicken .	caesar with chicken	positive
service was exceptional .	service	positive
nice guy , great service , great food .	service	positive
nice guy , great service , great food .	food	positive
this place was great .	place	positive
eating outside is always a plus .	eating	positive
i wish i can take back my $ _num_ and go elsewhere .	$	positive
every experience with his office and his team has been exceptional .	office	positive
the eggs were bland , the cheese basic , and the steak questionable .	eggs	negative
the eggs were bland , the cheese basic , and the steak questionable .	cheese basic	negative
the eggs were bland , the cheese basic , and the steak questionable .	steak	negative
awesome place !	place	positive
atmosphere is excellent and food is just delightful !	atmosphere	positive
atmosphere is excellent and food is just delightful !	food	positive
he has made a huge difference and the staff is equally helpful / friendly .	staff	positive
i met a friend there today for a cup of coffee .	cup of coffee	positive
this is a fantastic resort .	resort	positive
her customer skills were amazing and she did an excellent job with my hair .	customer	positive
her customer skills were amazing and she did an excellent job with my hair .	hair	positive
food is good , is n't an issue .	food	positive
found this place via restaurant.com and was pleasantly surprised during our vacation in scottsdale .	place	positive
husbands chicken wrap was boring and uninspired .	husbands chicken wrap	negative
the food was excellent .	food	positive
driver scored almost a $ _num_ tip .	driver	negative
we were a party of _num_ and my husband 's entree was delivered incorrectly .	entree	negative
we had way better wine snack food at other places .	wine snack food	negative
the cardio equipment is sufficient .	cardio equipment	positive
if you 're going to have mediocre food , you better have exceptional service .	food	negative
if you 're going to have mediocre food , you better have exceptional service .	service	positive
please do not use this dry cleaner !	dry cleaner	negative
the people are rude and do n't speak good english .	people	negative
great selection of local drafts , also a nice malbec .	selection	positive
great selection of local drafts , also a nice malbec .	malbec	positive
best consignment store hands down !	consignment store	positive
ordered the jumbo meat lovers pizza and it was excellent !	jumbo meat lovers pizza	positive
the bathrooms are from _num_ and have not been cleaned since _num_ .	bathrooms	negative
great customer service , fast and efficient !	customer service	positive
i highly recommend this company .	company	positive
i did not pick this place , met some people there that picked it .	place	negative
prices are also great .	prices	positive
the food is mediocre and pricey .	food	negative
the servers are all pretty and cheerful .	servers	positive
i love going to this place and have for years .	place	positive
it made me feel as if he is a quality employee .	employee	negative
they have a lot of unique items .	items	positive
he seemed totally disinterested but he did comp my lunch .	lunch	positive
then very quickly we got our artichoke .	artichoke	positive
last week i went in with a new yard project .	yard project	positive
this is a prime place to drink and dine .	place	positive
incredible pizza , great ambiance and terrific service .	pizza	positive
incredible pizza , great ambiance and terrific service .	ambiance	positive
incredible pizza , great ambiance and terrific service .	service	positive
this place has a beautiful ambiance and the food is very flavorful !	place	positive
this place has a beautiful ambiance and the food is very flavorful !	ambiance	positive
this place has a beautiful ambiance and the food is very flavorful !	food	positive
the entertainment was worse .	entertainment	negative
we were very pleased with the laid-back environment and friendly staff .	environment	positive
we were very pleased with the laid-back environment and friendly staff .	staff	positive
they are always efficient and their sandwiches are consistently good and taste fresh .	sandwiches	positive
the coffee was horrible .	coffee	negative
sorry barro 's , you blew it tonight .	barro	negative
oh , the prices are absurd for the entrees as well .	prices	negative
oh , the prices are absurd for the entrees as well .	entrees	negative
love this office .	office	positive
terrific local italian with all the traditional favorites ... and always some inspired specials .	local italian	positive
terrific local italian with all the traditional favorites ... and always some inspired specials .	specials	positive
i recommend that you give this church a try !	church	positive
did n't really say sorry or offer discounts or anything .	discounts	negative
my face looked and felt amazing after .	face	positive
we had the steak sandwich and burger which were delicious and cheap !	steak sandwich	positive
we had the steak sandwich and burger which were delicious and cheap !	burger	positive
i love my pedicure , purple is so hot right now .	pedicure	positive
i love my pedicure , purple is so hot right now .	purple	positive
steve at this store is amazing .	store	positive
nice people .	people	positive
bowling itself was fun .	bowling	positive
by far one of the best hot dog joints out there !	hot dog joints	positive
sushi was terrible .	sushi	negative
bartender is so friendly .	bartender	positive
perfect for a couple of hours of family fun .	family fun	positive
i highly recommend the california to both beginners and experienced mexican food eaters alike .	california	positive
i highly recommend the california to both beginners and experienced mexican food eaters alike .	mexican food	positive
they also have delicious jalapeno biscuits those were very good also .	jalapeno biscuits	positive
sorry - that 's just not authentic fare and definitely not serious sushi .	fare	negative
sorry - that 's just not authentic fare and definitely not serious sushi .	sushi	negative
love this place !	place	positive
great food , big portions and our waitress 's nicole was great !	food	positive
great food , big portions and our waitress 's nicole was great !	portions	positive
great food , big portions and our waitress 's nicole was great !	waitress	positive
the carne asada is totally bland .	carne asada	negative
each walk is different with different views and photo opportunities .	views	positive
each walk is different with different views and photo opportunities .	photo opportunities	positive
so , that 's it for los olivos .	los olivos	positive
one star is honestly a stretch for this place .	place	positive
terrible service and worse food !	service	negative
terrible service and worse food !	food	negative
of all the fruit stands in the valley this is the best .	fruit stands	positive
the most peaceful and tranquil hotel i 've ever stayed at .	hotel	positive
they always have a cheesecake of the month as well !	cheesecake	positive
the staff is terrific and always available for one on one sessions .	staff	positive
this is the one place that is always friendly and the good is fresh .	place	positive
what a great little spot in downtown chandler !	spot	positive
why would anyone want that if the first scan was good to begin with ?	scan	negative
i highly recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
quick and friendly service .	service	positive
the pizza was fantastic and the service was excellent .	pizza	positive
the pizza was fantastic and the service was excellent .	service	positive
great place for lunch or dinner !	lunch	positive
great place for lunch or dinner !	dinner	positive
service ( john ) : extremely poor .	service	negative
i called and they quoted me a price on tile , twice .	price on tile	negative
great , fresh food .	food	positive
i will definitely return and try other options on their menu .	menu	positive
i highly recommend gilbert road dental , especially with the new staff .	staff	positive
unfortunately someone stole the change from my coin slot .	change	negative
unfortunately someone stole the change from my coin slot .	coin	negative
what really wow 'd me at this location was the service .	location	positive
what really wow 'd me at this location was the service .	service	positive
burned through a lot of `` plant material '' without much of an effect .	plant material	negative
_num_ star - the food .	food	positive
the quality of education is lacking at best , and laughable at worst .	quality of education	negative
excellent service in house , terrific value of food for your dollar .	service	positive
excellent service in house , terrific value of food for your dollar .	value of food	positive
my husband was right - do n't buy groupons !	groupons	positive
this is one of my favorite places in the valley to eat .	places	positive
lots of variety and fun ice cream shop atmosphere .	ice cream shop atmosphere	positive
the food and prices are excellent .	food	positive
the food and prices are excellent .	prices	positive
my regular salon for hair and nails !	hair	positive
$ _num_ for the entire purchase ) from frys electronics .	purchase	positive
very nice place , clean and good atmosphere .	place	positive
very nice place , clean and good atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
older gentleman wandering around had a stained shirt on .	stained shirt	negative
my second meal was excellent .	meal	positive
great place !	place	positive
this has nothing to do with the pasta , which was mediocre at best .	pasta	negative
are there any authentic chinese restaurants in scottsdale ?	chinese restaurants	positive
amazing omelets and friendly staff .	omelets	positive
amazing omelets and friendly staff .	staff	positive
machine works great now .	machine	positive
everything on the menu is really good and the service is phenomenal .	menu	positive
everything on the menu is really good and the service is phenomenal .	service	positive
my nails have been perfect for a week now and still look amazing !	nails	positive
love love the wallpaper market !	wallpaper market	positive
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .	combination of flavors	positive
this is a great place for a quick , healthy lunch .	lunch	positive
enormous selection , super friendly and helpful staff , and great prices and deals .	selection	positive
enormous selection , super friendly and helpful staff , and great prices and deals .	staff	positive
enormous selection , super friendly and helpful staff , and great prices and deals .	prices	positive
enormous selection , super friendly and helpful staff , and great prices and deals .	deals	positive
always packed and the pizza is very consistent .	pizza	positive
i ordered two tacos , which they charge $ _num_ each for .	tacos	negative
the whole sandwich was just gross .	sandwich	negative
he is not a worthy representation of the nordstrom team .	nordstrom team	negative
very reasonable prices as well !	prices	positive
filet was cooked perfectly as i ordered it- medium rare .	filet	positive
seated immediately at a great , round table perfectly fitting our party .	table	positive
this walmart is scum .	walmart	negative
elmer 's is very greasy and very good .	elmer	positive
potato chips were not anything special .	potato chips	negative
best red potato salad in town .	red potato salad	positive
they charge you to take out cash , and give you less cash !	cash	negative
best ny pizza west of the mississippi .	pizza	positive
the wait staff is cold and at times near rude .	wait staff	negative
beautiful , quiet little place .	place	positive
i will definitely come back again for the food .	food	positive
great people and a very good selection at this classic style hobby shop .	people	positive
great people and a very good selection at this classic style hobby shop .	hobby shop	positive
the corn bread they give to start is so warm and crispy .	corn bread	positive
awesome small business !	business	positive
great store !	store	positive
i live in la and hub is still my favorite store ... .	hub	positive
i have been there and the food is spot on perfect !	food	positive
this was by far my worst golf day experience ever !	golf day	negative
the menu is simple and so is the food .	menu	positive
the menu is simple and so is the food .	food	positive
this was our 4th choice in the area and stumbled across it .	area	negative
just crappy mexican food the best part was the mexican flag in my food .	mexican food	negative
just crappy mexican food the best part was the mexican flag in my food .	mexican flag	negative
the bar only had about _num_ customers including my self and my two friends .	bar	positive
the best place if your a local !	place	positive
my husband enjoyed the chile relleno .	chile relleno	positive
atmosphere not great either .	atmosphere	negative
good burritos all day .	burritos	positive
he loved his personal pizza .	personal pizza	positive
great service .	service	positive
the food takes a bit but is delish !	food	positive
best chicken parm ever !	chicken parm	positive
the employees are very rude and do not look at you .	employees	negative
when we just asked for a refund instead the owner was rude and refused .	owner	negative
the portions are ridiculously huge also ... and i mead ridiculous .	portions	positive
best food and service i have had in a long time !	food	positive
best food and service i have had in a long time !	service	positive
the bartender chick snapped at me and screamed `` no more pitchers ! ''	bartender	negative
the bartender chick snapped at me and screamed `` no more pitchers ! ''	pitchers	negative
great food !	food	positive
all in all , wonderful indian food !	indian food	positive
the woman at the drive up window very very nice .	woman	positive
the woman at the drive up window very very nice .	drive up window	positive
this is by the far the best bakery in phoenix !	bakery	positive
the tacos are quite good too !	tacos	positive
this place is our safe place .	place	positive
thanks for the delicious ice cream guys !	ice cream guys	positive
i do n't know how you make a medium well burger that fast .	burger	negative
as well as having a big heart just like me !	heart	positive
the receptionist took down my name and number and nobody has called me back .	receptionist	negative
rustic modern decor with a charming waitstaff complete the package .	waitstaff	positive
the happy hour is just as good !	happy hour	positive
nice having tvs in the bar to watch football .	tvs	positive
nice having tvs in the bar to watch football .	bar	positive
i will be back ... great taste and excellent design .	design	positive
a bit surprised they do n't make their own pasta .	pasta	negative
japanese food and korean food at the same time .	japanese food	positive
japanese food and korean food at the same time .	korean food	positive
the food was delicious .	food	positive
the foods amazing and so are the people .	foods	positive
the foods amazing and so are the people .	people	positive
we like jason the waiter he is great !	waiter	positive
the staff was n't the friendliest .	staff	negative
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	dog	positive
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	dog	positive
staff is exceptional too .	staff	positive
hi , this place was fantastic !	place	positive
if you want a mystery order , try the drive-thru !	drive-thru	positive
ive been to run down nasty gas stations with cleaner bathrooms than this place .	gas stations	negative
ive been to run down nasty gas stations with cleaner bathrooms than this place .	bathrooms	negative
you cant beat customer service like that !	customer service	negative
their food comes out so quick and they keep it tasty and simple .	food	positive
set an appt _num_ days ahead of time .	appt _num_	positive
good pizza and service !	pizza	positive
good pizza and service !	service	positive
this is quite frankly one of the most disgusting chinese buffets i have visited .	chinese buffets	negative
awesome atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
ok , this is the best of the fast burrito joints around town .	burrito joints	positive
excellent chiropractor !	chiropractor	positive
my girlfriend ordered veal piccata and the dish was too salty to eat .	veal piccata	negative
my girlfriend ordered veal piccata and the dish was too salty to eat .	dish	negative
i was very pleased with the amount of professionalism this place presented .	place	positive
constant staff change .	staff change	positive
sour plum juice not good as before .	sour plum juice	negative
i really like this family operated restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the food is great and the drink selection is varied and tasty .	food	positive
the food is great and the drink selection is varied and tasty .	drink selection	positive
very clean place but just no ambiance .	place	positive
very clean place but just no ambiance .	ambiance	negative
it 's a sweet spot .	spot	positive
when the bill came , i found out the guac was $ _num_ .	bill	positive
when the bill came , i found out the guac was $ _num_ .	guac	positive
the place looks like it might have been remodeled ( ? )	place	negative
the food is over priced for the size of portion that is received .	food	negative
the food is over priced for the size of portion that is received .	portion	negative
love this place !	place	positive
it is my favorite place for sea food .	sea food	positive
it was a fun environment to eat in .	environment	positive
the visiting pastor treated me nice and answered my questions .	visiting pastor	positive
i purchased a variety of chocolate treats and they were delicious .	chocolate treats	positive
great place !	place	positive
they gave us a tortilla separately with a cheese butter .	tortilla	positive
they gave us a tortilla separately with a cheese butter .	cheese butter	positive
the rooms are sleek and clean .	rooms	positive
great for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
_num_ bad servers in one sitting not good !	servers	negative
excellent service .	service	positive
i did n't even care to try this dish .	dish	negative
probably the worst service and food i 've ever had !	service	negative
probably the worst service and food i 've ever had !	food	negative
i had a wonderful experience in the bakery .	bakery	positive
also in a very bad area .	area	negative
great service and let 's start on the food ... ... .	service	positive
great service and let 's start on the food ... ... .	food	positive
i made sure to tell the store manager , but dang she was great .	store manager	positive
wings and garbage pizza are solid but the italian sandwich is not good .	wings	positive
wings and garbage pizza are solid but the italian sandwich is not good .	garbage pizza	positive
wings and garbage pizza are solid but the italian sandwich is not good .	italian sandwich	negative
i really enjoyed my trip to this store today .	store	positive
wonderful food and fun atmosphere !	food	positive
wonderful food and fun atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
love this place .	place	positive
the service was excellent and the food and coffee were perfect .	service	positive
the service was excellent and the food and coffee were perfect .	food	positive
the service was excellent and the food and coffee were perfect .	coffee	positive
at one point even stopping a cook .	cook	negative
their caesar salad is particularly fantastic .	caesar salad	positive
great dive bar ... love all the christmas decorations !	dive bar	positive
great dive bar ... love all the christmas decorations !	christmas decorations	positive
service sucked , their staff is rude , and the place is a dive .	service	negative
service sucked , their staff is rude , and the place is a dive .	staff	negative
service sucked , their staff is rude , and the place is a dive .	place	negative
good and service was great .	service	positive
tiffany is the best waitress .	waitress	positive
had dinner there tonight .	dinner	positive
the service has always been wonderful and just love the low key ambience .	service	positive
the service has always been wonderful and just love the low key ambience .	ambience	positive
i love the feel of this place as soon as you walk in .	feel	positive
i love the feel of this place as soon as you walk in .	place	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
food is great here .	food	positive
we had the fajita pitas and they got the order right .	fajita pitas	positive
beyond that , it is very dated for the price .	price	negative
this place is wonderful !	place	positive
the manager did n't even come talk to us .	manager	negative
fans ( not ac ) are not on .	fans	negative
great guy , great practice .	practice	positive
the food is incredible .	food	positive
food was cold even after sending back , beer was at _num_ degrees .	food	negative
food was cold even after sending back , beer was at _num_ degrees .	beer	negative
best mexican take out ... its fast and delish .	mexican take out	positive
living in arizona this is our go to place for great persian food .	persian food	positive
good food .	food	positive
first time ever my yelp offer was not honored .	yelp offer	negative
this is a fun place .	place	positive
it 's totally insane that a chain coffee company can make so many mistakes .	chain coffee	negative
food is okay but not worth the lengthy wait on weekends .	food	positive
food is okay but not worth the lengthy wait on weekends .	wait	negative
service was mediocre .	service	negative
continental breakfast is good as well .	continental breakfast	positive
i 've purchased a few bags here and the experience is always wonderful .	bags	positive
very popular place , it appears .	place	positive
they go above and beyond to ensure the customer is satisfied .	customer	positive
the place is also very reasonably priced .	place	positive
the place is also very reasonably priced .	priced	positive
their menu is large enough that there is always something for everyone .	menu	positive
three months before the wedding , i confirmed the prices that were quoted .	prices	negative
either way it 's a good breakfast for the price .	breakfast	positive
either way it 's a good breakfast for the price .	price	positive
i recommend this location to my friends .	location	positive
the food was good here , the pancakes were fluffy and delicious .	food	positive
the food was good here , the pancakes were fluffy and delicious .	pancakes	positive
no , or at least not until we 'd paid the tab .	tab	negative
as to the food , it is hit and miss .	food	negative
they are known for having thin , smashed , juicy meat and tasty fries .	meat	positive
they are known for having thin , smashed , juicy meat and tasty fries .	fries	positive
food is always good and chef is very accommodating for special food needs .	food	positive
food is always good and chef is very accommodating for special food needs .	chef	positive
food is always good and chef is very accommodating for special food needs .	food	positive
bob is absolutely fantastic .	bob	positive
seriously the best place for lunch .	place	positive
seriously the best place for lunch .	lunch	positive
great sandwich , great atmosphere .	sandwich	positive
great sandwich , great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the pizza and pasta dishes are my favorite !	pizza	positive
the pizza and pasta dishes are my favorite !	pasta dishes	positive
the bartender from chicago was awful .	bartender	negative
looks are definitely deceiving with its bright orange paint on the outside .	paint	negative
blue corn enchiladas are amazing and definitely the best patty melt in town !	blue corn enchiladas	positive
blue corn enchiladas are amazing and definitely the best patty melt in town !	patty melt	positive
would definitely recommend this place as a first stop for bridal shopping .	bridal shopping	positive
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	soda	positive
oh and i must recommend the cowboy meatloaf .	cowboy meatloaf	positive
i have been dining here for years and always enjoy myself .	dining	positive
however my meal on valentines day was sub-par especially for this restaurant .	meal	negative
keep up the amazing service !	service	positive
i bring my two dogs here and the staff is excellent .	dogs	positive
i bring my two dogs here and the staff is excellent .	staff	positive
food is always fresh .	food	positive
my favorite is the spicy pork .	spicy pork	positive
the list goes on .	list	positive
my wife loves their gyros .	gyros	positive
split the chopped salad and reuben .	chopped salad	positive
split the chopped salad and reuben .	reuben	positive
cosmo n sandy treat their staff n clients like family .	staff	positive
the tacos are so damn good , as well as the fajitas .	tacos	positive
the tacos are so damn good , as well as the fajitas .	fajitas	positive
the course is pristine perfect including the greens and fairways .	course	positive
the course is pristine perfect including the greens and fairways .	greens	positive
the course is pristine perfect including the greens and fairways .	fairways	positive
good service.	service.	positive
great personal service and on time .	personal service	positive
much of the junk i saw was in very , very poor condition .	junk	negative
best mexican food in az if you want that home made kind of food .	mexican food	positive
they have terrible customer care .	customer care	negative
a great place for a date .	place	positive
do not go here for karaoke .	karaoke	negative
definitely a place to take all visiting friends and family !	place	positive
the rooms were `` recently renovated '' which means absolutely nothing .	rooms	negative
best quality and highest level of service i have ever experienced .	quality	positive
best quality and highest level of service i have ever experienced .	service	positive
they are upfront with their pricing and are very reasonable .	pricing	positive
i highly recommend her for waxing , facials , etc .	waxing	positive
i highly recommend her for waxing , facials , etc .	facials	positive
the atmosphere is amazing , the food very good , and the service excellent .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is amazing , the food very good , and the service excellent .	food	positive
the atmosphere is amazing , the food very good , and the service excellent .	service	positive
to say thanks for your business , sorry i messed up ?	business	positive
be sure to have some humus as an appetizer - it is excellent .	humus	positive
be sure to have some humus as an appetizer - it is excellent .	appetizer	positive
pizza is made fresh to order .	pizza	positive
we finally found our az sushi heaven .	az sushi heaven	positive
when the bill came , we gave the waitress our coupon .	bill	positive
when the bill came , we gave the waitress our coupon .	waitress	positive
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !	car	positive
love tottie 's !	tottie 's	positive
worst customer service ever !	customer service	negative
sushi was not fresh .	sushi	negative
perfect for a quick breakfast or lunch .	breakfast	positive
perfect for a quick breakfast or lunch .	lunch	positive
food was phenomenal , well seasoned and definitely fresh .	food	positive
i have had pizza all over the place and this is a good place .	pizza	positive
they do n't even offer wine flights anymore !	wine flights	negative
i will add my cake pics , they do an awesome job .	cake pics	positive
want to have some dine in pizza ?	dine in pizza	positive
plenty of televisions , and the beer is priced right .	beer	positive
plenty of televisions , and the beer is priced right .	priced	positive
this is our favorite neighborhood place for dinner .	dinner	positive
the pizza had a lot of topping options and were all delicious .	pizza	positive
the pizza had a lot of topping options and were all delicious .	topping options	positive
the green chili is a must .	green chili	positive
scott came out around noon and then called me with a quote .	scott	positive
the sweet & sour chicken was average .	sweet & sour chicken	negative
great sports bar with amazing food .	sports bar	positive
great sports bar with amazing food .	food	positive
place needs a deep cleaning and training in customer service .	place	negative
place needs a deep cleaning and training in customer service .	customer service	positive
i 'm sitting here still waiting on my burrito after _num_ minutes .	burrito	negative
love this place !	place	positive
this is a great dive bar with a little stage .	dive bar	positive
this is a great dive bar with a little stage .	stage	positive
the wine list is extensive and the food looked good !	wine list	positive
the wine list is extensive and the food looked good !	food	positive
the food is consistently good .	food	positive
regular menu salads mmmmmm !	regular menu salads mmmmmm	positive
best mexican food at a reasonable price .	mexican food	positive
best mexican food at a reasonable price .	price	positive
i would definitely return for a concert or recommend it to a friend .	concert	positive
they came with a side order as well and we both had the pasta .	pasta	positive
for seafood there is a lot to be desired !	seafood	negative
i found both new and consignment furniture .	furniture	positive
i do not understand how this place is still in business .	place	negative
the tomato sauce was delicate and had a lot of great flavor as well .	tomato sauce	positive
the tomato sauce was delicate and had a lot of great flavor as well .	flavor	positive
the store was dirty and the workers were just standing around talking .	store	negative
the store was dirty and the workers were just standing around talking .	workers	negative
service was excellent as well .	service	positive
there was n't an employee to be found .	employee	negative
really enjoy the pan pizza from rosati 's .	pan pizza	positive
i also had the crab stuffed shrimp and it was too salty .	crab stuffed shrimp	negative
i knew i found my new regular groomer .	groomer	positive
all in all a great eat for everybody !	eat	positive
the hotel was n't interested .	hotel	negative
however , this wal-mart has seen better days .	wal-mart	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
wine list was extensive though .	wine list	positive
food was good but server and bartender really were n't .	food	positive
food was good but server and bartender really were n't .	server	negative
food was good but server and bartender really were n't .	bartender	negative
great location - love old town !	location	positive
not a friendly place at all .	place	negative
great to do this here because usually only _num_ choices in golf course types .	golf course types	positive
well cared for tables that play great !	tables	positive
it 's reasonable priced for what you get .	priced	positive
they clean the establishment really well , too .	establishment	positive
i just recently moved into town and was lucky to find this place .	place	positive
outrageously good thai food in scottsdale with great service to match .	thai food	positive
outrageously good thai food in scottsdale with great service to match .	service	positive
i love this bar .	bar	positive
food is awesome and the staff is very friendly .	food	positive
food is awesome and the staff is very friendly .	staff	positive
i love the atmosphere & especially their delicious ice cream .	atmosphere	positive
i love the atmosphere & especially their delicious ice cream .	ice cream	positive
friendly service every time you go in , and good delivery service !	service	positive
friendly service every time you go in , and good delivery service !	delivery service	positive
for me when it comes to pasta , i am a bit picky .	pasta	negative
the foods here are pretty bland .	foods	negative
i did gave two starts because the people are very courteous .	people	positive
thank you dr. hall and staff - you guys are great !	staff	positive
if there was a negative star .	star	negative
cool place with great food and super service .	place	positive
cool place with great food and super service .	food	positive
cool place with great food and super service .	service	positive
the food was high quality and appealing and the service was very good .	food	positive
the food was high quality and appealing and the service was very good .	quality	positive
the food was high quality and appealing and the service was very good .	service	positive
the rice itself was cheap long grain rice .	rice	positive
just the way authentic mexican food should be .	mexican food	positive
the service was outstanding .	service	positive
the rooms are really clean and anything you need , they are always accommodating .	rooms	positive
i was happy with the service and pedicure .	service	positive
i was happy with the service and pedicure .	pedicure	positive
someone i know went into this store to buy a purse .	purse	negative
better than dunkin ( and i love theirs ) .	dunkin	positive
i just had the most bizarre experience at this store .	store	negative
i am exciting to try the rest of the menu .	menu	positive
reserved a room here for the navy ball .	room	positive
reserved a room here for the navy ball .	navy ball	positive
highly recommend the beef cheesesteak and chicken pesto sandwich !	beef cheesesteak	positive
highly recommend the beef cheesesteak and chicken pesto sandwich !	chicken pesto sandwich	positive
thank you guys now we fill safe on our road trip .	road	positive
best bank ever !	bank	positive
amazing delicious greek food with wonderful friendly service .	greek food	positive
amazing delicious greek food with wonderful friendly service .	service	positive
a lot of the stuff was extremely used and very overpriced .	stuff	negative
the service was fast and friendly !	service	positive
they were a little spicy but waaaay too garlicky .	waaaay	negative
i would recommend them to any bride .	bride	positive
delivery was quick but the crab puffs horrible , nothing inside .	delivery	positive
delivery was quick but the crab puffs horrible , nothing inside .	crab puffs	negative
i brought in a bridesmaid dress _num_ weeks before i needed it .	bridesmaid dress	positive
i threw away the eggs and potatoes .	eggs and potatoes	negative
i would even beg to say the olive garden is tastier and cheaper .	olive garden	positive
and i love my dive bars .	dive bars	positive
the vibe was relaxed , busy , and fun .	vibe	positive
blackberry yelp - restaurants nearby - helped me find this great little thai place .	blackberry yelp	positive
blackberry yelp - restaurants nearby - helped me find this great little thai place .	thai place	positive
they have good craft beer selections as well as awesome drink specials .	craft beer selections	positive
they have good craft beer selections as well as awesome drink specials .	drink specials	positive
i then realized that my whole mouth smelled of onion .	onion	negative
i totally love bars like this .	bars	positive
i got the seattle salmon and i would definitely recommend that dish to anyone !	seattle salmon	positive
i got the seattle salmon and i would definitely recommend that dish to anyone !	dish	positive
everything was delicious , but the calamari was my special favorite .	calamari	positive
they also charge $ _num_ for chips and salsa .	chips	negative
they also charge $ _num_ for chips and salsa .	salsa	negative
all of the other app options are solid .	app options	positive
it came out great and for a great price .	price	positive
their ice cream and ice cream sandwiches are fantastic !	ice cream	positive
their ice cream and ice cream sandwiches are fantastic !	ice cream sandwiches	positive
nice upscale atmosphere even if it is part of a chain .	atmosphere	positive
i had a baja chicken enchilada and a cheese enchilada .	baja chicken enchilada	positive
i had a baja chicken enchilada and a cheese enchilada .	cheese enchilada	positive
not pretentious yet homey feel .	feel	positive
servings are generous and the atmosphere is good .	servings	positive
servings are generous and the atmosphere is good .	atmosphere	positive
i called at your service rep _num_ times in _num_ hours .	service	positive
soup was excellent .	soup	positive
my husband had a hot roast beef sandwich & it was very bland .	hot roast beef sandwich	negative
the wifi stinks , useless really .	wifi	negative
the patio was cool at night with the misters .	patio	positive
the whole staff was amazing and did a great job .	staff	positive
that duo rocks our socks !	duo	positive
cost is great for what you get .	cost	positive
the inside seems clean , and there 's a patio that seems clean .	inside	positive
the inside seems clean , and there 's a patio that seems clean .	patio	positive
definitely an old town scottsdale institution .	scottsdale	positive
good service , nice bar area and good schedule on the happy hour .	service	positive
good service , nice bar area and good schedule on the happy hour .	bar area	positive
good service , nice bar area and good schedule on the happy hour .	schedule	positive
ive had to wait for a cardio machine several times .	cardio machine	negative
i ca n't believe how this place has changed for the worse .	place	positive
friendly staff , nice environment and really good food .	staff	positive
friendly staff , nice environment and really good food .	environment	positive
friendly staff , nice environment and really good food .	food	positive
they do care and the food is great .	food	positive
his staff is great and i always get wonderful service .	staff	positive
his staff is great and i always get wonderful service .	service	positive
not worth the $ _num_ price tag for sure .	price tag	negative
i called immediately and the owner denied it was washed instead of dry cleaned .	owner	negative
the employees there are generally full of themselves and their sweet bikes as well .	employees	positive
the employees there are generally full of themselves and their sweet bikes as well .	bikes	positive
mushroom sandwich looked pretty darn good .	mushroom sandwich	positive
spring training is the best !	spring	positive
honest , very knowledgeable and quick service .	service	positive
the steak !	steak	positive
thanks for the relief !	relief	positive
i suggest you save your money and bring your own beverages and lunch .	beverages	positive
i suggest you save your money and bring your own beverages and lunch .	lunch	positive
however , since then , this store appears to have given up .	store	negative
they were very good had me excited for the meal to come .	meal	positive
love their service and prices !	service	positive
love their service and prices !	prices	positive
i ca n't express how pleased i am with the wonderful service we received .	service	positive
i did n't see a single korean there eating which is a bad sign .	korean	negative
their strength is definitely consistency .	strength	positive
this company is terrible !	company	negative
great prices .	prices	positive
fast service .	service	positive
this place 's food does not even remotely taste like sichuan food .	food	negative
this place 's food does not even remotely taste like sichuan food .	sichuan food	negative
carne asada tacos are beef marinated in soy sauce powder and brown sugar !	carne asada tacos	positive
carne asada tacos are beef marinated in soy sauce powder and brown sugar !	beef marinated in soy sauce powder	positive
carne asada tacos are beef marinated in soy sauce powder and brown sugar !	brown sugar	positive
i ordered a side of red sauce to dip my pesto pizza in .	pesto pizza	positive
the provider was great !	provider	positive
there was a mini fridge in the room , that worked well.	mini fridge	positive
there was a mini fridge in the room , that worked well.	room	positive
worst dining experience ever i decided for first time to write a review .	dining experience	negative
nice environment for lunch or dinner .	environment	positive
nice environment for lunch or dinner .	lunch	positive
nice environment for lunch or dinner .	dinner	positive
the best pizza at a great price .	pizza	positive
the best pizza at a great price .	price	positive
sashimi tasted old .	sashimi	positive
spending _num_ minutes in a line for the restrooms is completely unacceptable .	line	negative
spending _num_ minutes in a line for the restrooms is completely unacceptable .	restrooms	negative
theres nothing inviting about the exterior of this restaurant at all .	exterior	negative
staff is always helpful .	staff	positive
best mexican food restaurant ever !	mexican food	positive
i feel confident that i made the right decision in switching to this practice .	practice	positive
overall it was a poor experience with bad service and average food .	service	negative
overall it was a poor experience with bad service and average food .	food	negative
i hate iced tea without ice .	iced tea without ice	negative
the food was just perfect and as advertised .	food	positive
the food will take time to prepare but well worth the trip !	food	positive
the amount of vendors for food was good .	amount of vendors for food	positive
we tried the pizza today & it is excellent !	pizza	positive
all i want in a car company is honesty .	car	positive
truly they 're better places than this in az .	places	positive
the chicken fried rice was also bland .	chicken fried rice	negative
they 're also a joy to hassle web you 're in there .	web	positive
she brought that out midway thru the dinner .	dinner	positive
always in great condition , like new clothes .	clothes	positive
great peppery taste though !	taste	positive
i had never experienced such a unique food as cacti and it was awesome !	food	positive
one of the best french onion soups i 've had .	french onion soups	positive
this is my favorite neighborhood restaurant .	restaurant	positive
great service and super fast !	service	positive
mole enchiladas are a bit spicy but i like it that way .	mole enchiladas	negative
wait stuff was good but sushi was inconsistent , ie pieces not same size .	wait stuff	positive
wait stuff was good but sushi was inconsistent , ie pieces not same size .	sushi	negative
you should charge the same price throughout the bar .	price	negative
you should charge the same price throughout the bar .	bar	negative
cute decor .	decor	positive
the atmosphere is awesome .	atmosphere	positive
ordered $ _num_ dollars ' worth of pictures .	pictures	negative
i love that the tables are set among the groceries .	tables	positive
seriously , that 's how bad their customer service is .	customer service	negative
the italian food is good as well .	italian food	positive
there was some heavy duty karaoke action going on in the bar .	karaoke	negative
there was some heavy duty karaoke action going on in the bar .	bar	negative
i have yet to encounter a starbucks as great as you .	starbucks	positive
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	lease	negative
the ambience is awesome .	ambience	positive
the third time was the last time because our service was sooooo bad .	service	negative
great bar area with a huge selection !	bar area	positive
great bar area with a huge selection !	selection	positive
it was superb , with a nice cool beer as the drinking compliment .	beer	positive
it was superb , with a nice cool beer as the drinking compliment .	drinking	positive
lots of open seats were available .	open seats	positive
i enjoy good persian food .	persian food	positive
the port is consistent and delicious .	port	positive
it came out piping hot in a dish and was incredible .	dish	positive
the sangria was not good at all !	sangria	negative
beat every other company significantly .	company	negative
false advertising !	advertising	negative
i avoid this store from now on .	store	negative
no texture , just a mushy mess .	texture	negative
reasonable pricing , great work and friendly staff .	pricing	positive
reasonable pricing , great work and friendly staff .	staff	positive
i had the filet and it was phenomenal !	filet	positive
the ribs were ok , nothing spectacular .	ribs	negative
the drive-thru is very convenient .	drive-thru	positive
you just lost a customer .	customer	negative
and the original waitress did n't even come out to our table to apologize !	waitress	negative
and the original waitress did n't even come out to our table to apologize !	table	negative
they did n't have it on the site that they charge for parking .	parking	negative
first of all , the coffee was really below standard for a breakfast place .	coffee	negative
first of all , the coffee was really below standard for a breakfast place .	breakfast place	negative
no hand washing or food service gloves .	hand washing	negative
no hand washing or food service gloves .	food service gloves	negative
excellent food and sit on the patio !	food	positive
excellent food and sit on the patio !	patio	positive
we started out with fresh guacamole a smoked salsa and chips .	guacamole a smoked salsa and chips	positive
_num_ ) nicer customer service .	customer service	positive
best location on 3rd street and walking distance to everything .	location	positive
the inside is fairly lame , but the patio is perfect .	inside	negative
the inside is fairly lame , but the patio is perfect .	patio	positive
great bands and great drinks !	bands	positive
great bands and great drinks !	drinks	positive
the coffee is amazing .	coffee	positive
start with a house margarita before happy hour close at _num_ .	house margarita	positive
they usually have people playing and some good competition .	people	positive
they usually have people playing and some good competition .	competition	positive
owners are very friendly , as was my installer .	owners	positive
owners are very friendly , as was my installer .	installer	positive
highly recommended for the animal lovers out there .	animal	positive
as far as the food , that 's where i was underwhelmed .	food	negative
the best bagel shop i have ever been to !	bagel shop	positive
this place get negative stars !	place	negative
also , loved the music playing in back ground .	music	positive
the flavor was n't bad , but overcooked noodles really ruins a noodle dish .	flavor	positive
the flavor was n't bad , but overcooked noodles really ruins a noodle dish .	noodles	negative
the flavor was n't bad , but overcooked noodles really ruins a noodle dish .	noodle dish	negative
the pizza is excellent and inexpensive .	pizza	positive
definitely go for the ice cream .	ice cream	positive
great people !	people	positive
the theaters are top notch - both front and back of house .	theaters	positive
great place for chiropractic care .	chiropractic	positive
at no cost - great service !	service	positive
sorry guys , you need to get your wait staff in check .	wait staff	negative
this place is under new management _num_ .	management	positive
great service and great prices for people on a tight budget .	service	positive
great service and great prices for people on a tight budget .	prices	positive
first off i went there to grab lunch and i ordered my food .	lunch	positive
first off i went there to grab lunch and i ordered my food .	food	positive
our dogs mean everything to us .	dogs	positive
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	restaurants	positive
the cornbread is wonderful , it melts in your mouth .	cornbread	positive
i really enjoy the cesar salad and the steaks .	cesar salad	positive
i really enjoy the cesar salad and the steaks .	steaks	positive
mcdonald 's food is always the same crap so i 'm not reviewing that .	mcdonald	negative
mcdonald 's food is always the same crap so i 'm not reviewing that .	food	negative
they will get no money from me .	money	negative
the most important thing , of course , is the food .	food	positive
the bill for the prior period was $ _num_ .	bill	negative
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	advertising	negative
it 's a bar surrounded by tables on an ugly concrete floor .	bar	negative
it 's a bar surrounded by tables on an ugly concrete floor .	tables	negative
it 's a bar surrounded by tables on an ugly concrete floor .	floor	negative
best pizza in phx !	pizza in phx	positive
i have been going here for years and love the atmosphere and selection .	atmosphere	positive
i have been going here for years and love the atmosphere and selection .	selection	positive
my favorite is still the t-bone ... also order the jalapeno muffins .	jalapeno muffins	positive
i also shortly after had a horrible stomach ache that lasted several hours .	stomach	negative
will never return to this salon just because of this bad experience .	salon	negative
dessert was amazing too .	dessert	positive
management does not seem to care .	management	negative
great service , free wifi , fresh food and ingredients !	service	positive
great service , free wifi , fresh food and ingredients !	wifi	positive
great service , free wifi , fresh food and ingredients !	ingredients	positive
save your money , go elsewhere .	money	positive
this is my favorite local pizza , hands down .	local pizza	positive
tried charleston 's , the food was great .	food	positive
overall , i would n't recommend the sushi here to my worst enemy .	sushi	negative
great tasting food and speedy service , highly recommend over the competition .	tasting food	positive
great tasting food and speedy service , highly recommend over the competition .	service	positive
we have never had a wait and the food comes so fast !	wait	positive
we have never had a wait and the food comes so fast !	food	positive
they refused and demanded my doctor call them instead .	doctor	negative
they seem to have great selection of wines .	selection of wines	positive
staff very accommodating and the meal was excellent .	staff	positive
staff very accommodating and the meal was excellent .	meal	positive
cowboy ciao was so good !	cowboy ciao	positive
overall , i highly recommend this place .	place	positive
mesa needs this theatre in our community bringing musical and concerts to our residents .	musical	positive
mesa needs this theatre in our community bringing musical and concerts to our residents .	concerts	positive
this was a great authentic meal .	meal	positive
veal was mushy and the marinara was way too sweet .	veal	negative
veal was mushy and the marinara was way too sweet .	marinara	negative
highly recommend bringing your vehicle here .	vehicle	positive
drew is great !	drew	positive
i love salon tru !	salon tru	positive
i hate it when course management do n't bother to keep their reputation .	reputation	negative
it was not busy and bartenders seem to not care unless you start complaining .	bartenders	negative
high end carpets and high end service .	carpets	positive
high end carpets and high end service .	service	positive
our server was really not good , he was extremely slow and inattentive .	server	negative
there were _num_ servers who occasionally made their way to the patio .	patio	negative
we had mini chimis , beef taquitos & spinach artichoke dip - nothing sexy .	mini chimis	positive
we had mini chimis , beef taquitos & spinach artichoke dip - nothing sexy .	beef taquitos	positive
we had mini chimis , beef taquitos & spinach artichoke dip - nothing sexy .	spinach artichoke dip	positive
our server was very attentive and we really enjoyed our meal .	server	positive
our server was very attentive and we really enjoyed our meal .	meal	positive
thanks denny 's staff you are awesome .	denny	positive
thanks denny 's staff you are awesome .	staff	positive
my favorite breakfast in chandler .	breakfast	positive
wine glasses - accurate to type of wine !	wine glasses	positive
wine glasses - accurate to type of wine !	wine	positive
great place to relax with a good glass of wine .	glass of wine	positive
how do you mess up potato skins ?	potato skins	negative
did n't even know _num_ drinks we asked for so i ordered a beer .	beer	negative
overall really good quality food and service .	food	positive
overall really good quality food and service .	service	positive
the meat was see thru , fatty and slimy .	meat	negative
he should have easily taken the $ _num_ off from our $ _num_ bill !	$	negative
the fries were soggy and the fish was bland and soggy .	fries	negative
the fries were soggy and the fish was bland and soggy .	fish	negative
the noodles were soggy , and my boyfriend said that his tasted reheated .	noodles	negative
the cold nights with no heater were no fun .	heater	negative
salad was the beet salad - not bad but heavy handed with the dressing .	salad	positive
salad was the beet salad - not bad but heavy handed with the dressing .	beet salad	positive
salad was the beet salad - not bad but heavy handed with the dressing .	dressing	negative
i ate about 1/4 of the plate and could n't do it anymore .	plate	negative
great meal overall !	meal	positive
all our food was very fresh ... oysters , shrimp cocktail and ceviche .	food	positive
all our food was very fresh ... oysters , shrimp cocktail and ceviche .	oysters	positive
all our food was very fresh ... oysters , shrimp cocktail and ceviche .	shrimp cocktail	positive
all our food was very fresh ... oysters , shrimp cocktail and ceviche .	ceviche	positive
love the french toast !	french toast	positive
those folks were more polite , i felt this inconsiderate to their experience .	folks	negative
always great food !	food	positive
this place is n't even worth the _num_ star .	place	negative
this place was a splurge and a wonderful experience for us .	place	positive
the omelette was perfect .	omelette	positive
great pharmacy !	pharmacy	positive
shame on you pong pong .	pong pong	negative
our waiter rarely checked on us .	waiter	negative
the shrimp chimi is also fantastic .	shrimp chimi	positive
for a neighborhood bar the food is good .	bar	positive
for a neighborhood bar the food is good .	food	positive
thank you zizzo !	zizzo	positive
there is a drive through that takes too long .	drive	negative
no outside beverages allowed . ''	beverages	negative
you 'd be better off buying a box of fish sticks .	box of fish sticks	negative
mind you , there are only about _num_ `` free '' parking spaces .	parking spaces	negative
owner is nice too - if it 's the same guy .	owner	positive
my friends and i come to scottsdale for a girls spa weekend every year .	girls spa weekend	positive
the car i got was not washed .	car	positive
you can also get pasta , panini , etc .	pasta , panini	positive
i have _num_ words for this place ... honesty , integrity and thorough .	place	positive
3rd favorite out of all the various restaurants we have been to across country .	restaurants	positive
although the perfect apt doesnt exist , i would recommend looking elsewhere .	apt	negative
i just got a take out from here , the beef kabob .	take	positive
i just got a take out from here , the beef kabob .	beef kabob	positive
great service all around .	service	positive
i have never had such a horrible time with an apartment complex .	apartment complex	positive
a business that treats a potential customer like that wo n't get my business .	business	negative
a business that treats a potential customer like that wo n't get my business .	customer	negative
a business that treats a potential customer like that wo n't get my business .	business	negative
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .	flourless chocolate cake	positive
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .	desserts	positive
we 'll be back in march with a lot of beer fans .	beer fans	positive
very very nice spot great food .	spot	positive
very very nice spot great food .	food	positive
stunning staff and food !	staff	positive
stunning staff and food !	food	positive
the chowder and the raw clams & oysters are decent as well .	chowder	positive
the chowder and the raw clams & oysters are decent as well .	raw clams & oysters	positive
just make sure you plan to cook / eat everything soon .	cook	positive
only one other table was in there waiting for their food .	table	negative
only one other table was in there waiting for their food .	food	negative
more like a big corporate machine that does n't care about their customers !	machine	negative
more like a big corporate machine that does n't care about their customers !	customers	negative
the people that work there are super friendly and handle our pets with care .	people	positive
the people that work there are super friendly and handle our pets with care .	pets	positive
the food is delicious , but the atmosphere leaves something to be desired .	food	positive
the food is delicious , but the atmosphere leaves something to be desired .	atmosphere	negative
the work was messy !	work	negative
it is terrible and i do not recommend this gym .	gym	negative
ok , so they decided to extend their hours , but you know what ?	hours	negative
i also really like their zucchini appetizer .	zucchini appetizer	positive
i have n't had service this bad in awhile .	service	negative
the room smells bad .	room	negative
they try to please the customer and make you want to come back .	customer	negative
but when it comes to customer service it really lacks .	customer service	negative
the meat was tender , the beans perfectly seasoned .	meat	positive
the meat was tender , the beans perfectly seasoned .	beans	positive
she also does great hair extensions !	hair extensions	positive
clean , nicely furnished , good breakfast , and great service .	breakfast	positive
clean , nicely furnished , good breakfast , and great service .	service	positive
staff walk by ignoring you at the mobile pick up area .	staff	negative
staff walk by ignoring you at the mobile pick up area .	mobile pick up area	negative
the menu was so dang dirty i did n't want to touch it !	menu	negative
no fried food , no ranch , no business being a bar .	fried food	negative
no fried food , no ranch , no business being a bar .	ranch	negative
no fried food , no ranch , no business being a bar .	bar	negative
the pizzas were fantastic .	pizzas	positive
but a stroll around the hotel gardens after dinner was quite nice .	hotel gardens	positive
the stetson chopped salad is as good as a salad gets .	stetson chopped salad	positive
friendly staff , serene surroundings , lovely and clean facilities .	staff	positive
friendly staff , serene surroundings , lovely and clean facilities .	surroundings	positive
friendly staff , serene surroundings , lovely and clean facilities .	facilities	positive
the food is mediocre and the town is boring and expensive .	food	negative
i ordered the pesto gnocchi -- delicious !	pesto gnocchi	positive
now i feel if i crave a burger i need to do some searching !	burger	negative
the food is good .	food	positive
i love this place for both food and atmosphere .	food	positive
i love this place for both food and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i liked the festival .	festival	positive
she stated the price was $ _num_ .	price	negative
love this place .	place	positive
priceline listed this as a _num_ star resort in scottsdale .	priceline	positive
priceline listed this as a _num_ star resort in scottsdale .	resort	positive
overall , very pleasant dining experience .	dining experience	positive
i was just trying to find a primary care physician in my area .	primary	negative
i was just trying to find a primary care physician in my area .	physician	negative
used yelp to find this joint and , wow , what a fantastic meal .	meal	positive
fun intimate environment and delicious food !	environment	positive
fun intimate environment and delicious food !	food	positive
i have _num_ emails , _num_ call and we are all set .	emails	positive
his assistant quoted me $ _num_ while on the phone with them .	assistant	negative
i am not sure what happened to this place .	place	negative
he is obviously dedicated to his patients and it shows .	patients	positive
otherwise , items are hit and miss .	items	negative
so i decided to visit this shit hole of a place aka the hospital .	place	positive
the taste was not that of a rib-eye .	taste	negative
our waitress also never checked on us once after our meals were served .	waitress	positive
our waitress also never checked on us once after our meals were served .	meals	positive
our waitress also never checked on us once after our meals were served .	served	positive
thin and tasty fresh crust .	crust	positive
their sonoran meatloaf is amazing .	sonoran meatloaf	positive
great big margaritas .	margaritas	positive
that is my neighborhood .	neighborhood	positive
first of all our waiter was terrible and the food was so so .	waiter	negative
first of all our waiter was terrible and the food was so so .	food	negative
our bartender scott was also super attentive and friendly .	bartender scott	positive
lastly , we asked the owner of the restaurant he was the worst .	owner	negative
i ordered the beef with broccoli and _num_ egg rolls .	beef with broccoli	positive
this place is cheap and it 's obvious why when you get there .	place	positive
it 's cheap and quick and similar to most fast food mexican joints .	mexican joints	positive
the customer service was not .	customer service	negative
everytime i go , the staff is very accomodating and super friendly .	staff	positive
old , dirty , smelly bar with poor poor customer service !	bar	negative
old , dirty , smelly bar with poor poor customer service !	customer service	negative
love the breakfast burritos !	breakfast burritos	positive
this messed up my schedule and needed them to complete the job before friday .	schedule	negative
packed house last night but still great !	house	positive
my halibut was the best i ever had .	halibut	positive
the food is incredible .	food	positive
this place is more like a sports bar than anything .	sports bar	negative
good , quick and fairly priced .	priced	positive
this is an amazing church !	church	positive
the service was very good .	service	positive
beautiful stadium .	stadium	positive
aaa is worthless .	aaa	negative
so clearly you lie to get seating here .	seating	negative
the fish and steak were both perfectly cooked .	fish	positive
the fish and steak were both perfectly cooked .	steak	positive
he originally wanted a shredded beef burrito , sans beans .	shredded beef burrito , sans beans	negative
we had a great time at the spa , and lying by the pool .	spa	positive
we had a great time at the spa , and lying by the pool .	pool	positive
the show was incredible , fun .	show	positive
so i am taking my business elsewhere .	business	positive
i recommend checking this place out .	place	positive
i could not even get a return call from the owner .	owner	negative
i also had the lamb which was very good .	lamb	positive
great service .	service	positive
worst chinese food i ever had .	chinese food	negative
much better pizza out there folks !	pizza	positive
food is delicious .	food	positive
a nice place to enjoy a relaxing meal .	place	positive
a nice place to enjoy a relaxing meal .	meal	positive
he 's amazing and such a nice guy .	guy	positive
i got a large _num_ topping hand tossed pizza .	pizza	positive
that gyro was damn pitiful and for that this place gets _num_ stars .	gyro	positive
that gyro was damn pitiful and for that this place gets _num_ stars .	place	positive
wonderful museum and a beautiful collection on contemporary art .	museum	positive
wonderful museum and a beautiful collection on contemporary art .	collection	positive
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
this one is going into the rotation for sure !	rotation	positive
the wine & beer lists are really good too .	wine	positive
the wine & beer lists are really good too .	beer lists	positive
_num_ stars go to food .	food	positive
why would something be wrong with my car all of a sudden ?	car	negative
love the full service gas station next door too .	full service gas station	positive
the meat was very , very dry and had no seasoning .	meat	negative
the pizza was smaller than most large sized pizzas .	pizza	negative
the pizza was smaller than most large sized pizzas .	pizzas	negative
had a great breakfast in beautiful scottsdale !	breakfast	positive
had a great breakfast in beautiful scottsdale !	scottsdale	positive
very friendly staff and doctors .	staff	positive
very friendly staff and doctors .	doctors	positive
enjoyed coming to this store .	store	positive
filling , somewhat greasy and cheap !	filling	negative
the pasta : delicious .	pasta	positive
the floor was not vacuumed .	floor	positive
literally no flavor .	flavor	negative
do n't you think they should have someone ordering enough food ?	food	negative
the mashed potatoes were excellent and the asparagus was n't too bad either .	mashed potatoes	positive
the mashed potatoes were excellent and the asparagus was n't too bad either .	asparagus	positive
the food , hookah , and service were all great !	food	positive
the food , hookah , and service were all great !	hookah	positive
the food , hookah , and service were all great !	service	positive
i then brought _num_ shirts back to show him the holes .	holes	positive
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .	gyro sandwich	positive
we had a great dinner !	dinner	positive
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !	place	positive
top quality ingredients !	ingredients	positive
we had our car windows tinted there this morning .	car windows	negative
very convenient , fast , and efficient to-go service .	service	positive
just a good , old fashion eatery .	eatery	positive
on the clothing now that i do n't even go into look .	clothing	negative
the soft tortilla fish tacos are usually pretty good but again cold .	soft tortilla fish tacos	negative
everyone is friendly and you can tell that they enjoy working there .	everyone	positive
worth the wait if there is one !	wait	positive
by far the best thai food in town !	thai food	positive
defalco 's is one of my favorite lunch spots .	lunch spots	positive
cool decor and wonderful food .	decor	positive
cool decor and wonderful food .	food	positive
awesome customer service !	customer service	positive
try getting an oil change for less than $ _num_ .	oil change	positive
order garlic parm breadsticks and get dry breadsticks .	garlic parm breadsticks	negative
order garlic parm breadsticks and get dry breadsticks .	breadsticks	negative
staff is so so friendly .	staff	positive
great waitress , and supporting staff as well .	waitress	positive
great waitress , and supporting staff as well .	staff	positive
delivery is always very fast as well !	delivery	positive
phenomenal service by sarah , she is a class act among servers !	service	positive
phenomenal service by sarah , she is a class act among servers !	servers	positive
i love the food !	food	positive
best combination of sweet and cold .	cold	positive
not a huge helping , one of those small condiment to go containers .	condiment	negative
not a huge helping , one of those small condiment to go containers .	containers	negative
i am thinking its time for mr personality to get another job .	job	positive
we always make sure we have joe 's when we travel to scottsdale .	joe	positive
our lease is almost up & i could n't be happier !	lease	positive
they did a great job and have excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
it 's good to feel the experience of being a value guest .	value	positive
great lunch specials and the sandwiches are great to .	lunch specials	positive
great lunch specials and the sandwiches are great to .	sandwiches	positive
i really hesitate to say anything about pizza .	pizza	negative
we tried rush street and loved it .	rush	positive
a dive bar with many different things to do !	dive bar	positive
for a signature dish , it was just okay .	signature dish	positive
great all the way around no matter your combination of toppings .	toppings	positive
terrible service , terrible prices , mediocre food , what a ripoff !	service	negative
terrible service , terrible prices , mediocre food , what a ripoff !	prices	negative
terrible service , terrible prices , mediocre food , what a ripoff !	food	negative
good beer selection , half price gourmet pizza and a comfortable atmosphere !	beer selection	positive
good beer selection , half price gourmet pizza and a comfortable atmosphere !	half price gourmet pizza	positive
good beer selection , half price gourmet pizza and a comfortable atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
top quality people , products and workmanship .	people	positive
top quality people , products and workmanship .	products	positive
top quality people , products and workmanship .	workmanship	positive
the aggravation of dealing with their service folks is reason enough to shop elsewhere .	service	negative
the chicken tasted more like the grill than the meat itself .	chicken	negative
the chicken tasted more like the grill than the meat itself .	grill	negative
the chicken tasted more like the grill than the meat itself .	meat	negative
my aunt and i love this place !	place	positive
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !	sparkling wine flights	positive
excellent food .	food	positive
very friendly and efficient service .	service	positive
she does a spectacular job at fake nails with gels .	fake nails with gels	positive
i love kona 's happy hour !	kona	positive
the staff was very caring and helpful even at 3am .	staff	positive
this is easily some of the best thai food in the phoenix valley .	thai food	positive
a lovely dining experience .	dining experience	positive
thank you logan the server we had was also outstanding tonight !	server	positive
wonderful staff .	staff	positive
fair price , professional , on time , and great workmanship .	price	positive
fair price , professional , on time , and great workmanship .	workmanship	positive
the staff and player assistance were great and friendly .	staff	positive
the staff and player assistance were great and friendly .	player assistance	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
and they were stingy with the spaghetti too .	spaghetti	negative
the service was bad .	service	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
the queso and green chili pork are great appetizers .	queso	positive
the queso and green chili pork are great appetizers .	green chili pork	positive
the queso and green chili pork are great appetizers .	appetizers	positive
all of the items were quite bland .	items	negative
tom ka gai soup was absolutely fantastic !	tom ka gai soup	positive
it was runny , thin , flat and no chocolate chips or anything .	chocolate chips	negative
maybe they were having a bad night ?	night	negative
great price and located just south of thomas off miller .	price	positive
great rice , hummus was very good and great bread .	rice , hummus	positive
great rice , hummus was very good and great bread .	bread	positive
the staff is extremely friendly & hard working .	staff	positive
it 's a type of tzatziki sauce , but it tastes different .	tzatziki sauce	positive
great service and great staff .	service	positive
great service and great staff .	staff	positive
good times on the water .	water	positive
i also love all their cookies and baked goods .	cookies	positive
i also love all their cookies and baked goods .	baked goods	positive
the food is quite honestly , meh .	food	positive
the steak and prime rib was dry and the sides were not good .	steak	negative
the steak and prime rib was dry and the sides were not good .	prime rib	negative
the steak and prime rib was dry and the sides were not good .	sides	negative
one of my favorite places to go for a great meal .	meal	positive
there are far too many better mexican restaurants in the area .	mexican	negative
the service is quick and professional .	service	positive
the fish was tender and flavorful .	fish	positive
i am so happy i found this shop .	shop	positive
five stars for quality .	quality	positive
my dad ordered the roasted chicken and thought it was very juicy and tender .	roasted chicken	positive
the decor was outdated .	decor	negative
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .	prices	negative
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
this is a must-see place !	place	positive
the waitress was attentive and pleasant .	waitress	positive
most awful service ever .	service	negative
the food was a major disappointment .	food	negative
very little pretentious , just friendly and helpful staff .	staff	positive
i loved my breakfast and the coffee was the best .	breakfast	positive
i loved my breakfast and the coffee was the best .	coffee	positive
the owner and workers are fabulous and fun .	owner	positive
the owner and workers are fabulous and fun .	workers	positive
the food was upscale home cooking with a unique take on each plate .	food	positive
the food was upscale home cooking with a unique take on each plate .	plate	positive
the ahi was excellent .	ahi	positive
the owner is awesome !	owner	positive
found this place on yelp on our way home from canyon lake .	place	positive
nice to have couch sitting area when in the room .	couch sitting area	positive
chilaquiles very good !	chilaquiles	positive
they also had a band playing , which was very nice .	band playing	positive
although the treatments are a little expensive , it is certainly worth it .	treatments	negative
$ _num_ with tip and one beer .	tip	positive
$ _num_ with tip and one beer .	beer	positive
lindsay is my regular barber .	barber	positive
the place is truly one place you should visit !	place	positive
the place is truly one place you should visit !	place	positive
i actually had a really good breakfast here .	breakfast	positive
call around , there are reputable providers out there .	providers	negative
the parking is awful .	parking	negative
wood fired pizza and it 's very tasty .	wood fired pizza	positive
what is supposed an exciting and fun time has become an utter nightmare .	time	positive
this place has the best greek food .	greek food	positive
waited almost _num_ minutes to initially get waited on at our table outside .	table	negative
this place is awesome .	place	positive
the coffee was good .	coffee	positive
the pasta my daughter had was very oily .	pasta	negative
thanks leah , you are awesome !	leah	positive
the chicken was also fail .	chicken	negative
i ordered the carnitas and it was the best i have ever had .	carnitas	positive
however my coworkers ordered the ice cream and were very impressed .	ice cream	positive
terrible terrible selection !	selection	negative
very arrogant attitude and i learned my lesson the hard way .	attitude	negative
excellent service !	service	positive
cute decor and the owners are friendly and personable .	decor	positive
cute decor and the owners are friendly and personable .	owners	positive
the room was nice and clean , the breakfast buffet was pretty decent .	room	positive
the room was nice and clean , the breakfast buffet was pretty decent .	breakfast buffet	positive
so much cheaper than the grocery !	grocery	positive
i have found their dental work to be superb and their staff fantastic .	dental work	positive
i have found their dental work to be superb and their staff fantastic .	staff	positive
friendly staff and comfortable setting .	staff	positive
friendly staff and comfortable setting .	setting	positive
very big , good selection , and clean .	selection	positive
the amount of money they were asking was unreasonable .	amount of money	negative
killer omelets and outstanding fluffy , never greasy , hash browns .	omelets	positive
killer omelets and outstanding fluffy , never greasy , hash browns .	hash browns	positive
the steaks are simply perfection .	steaks	positive
the sink area was clean .	sink area	positive
just got home from dinner .	dinner	positive
we both enjoyed filet and they were as expected , perfectly prepared .	filet	positive
however , the food ... .	food	positive
very comfortable yummy restaurant .	restaurant	positive
this place is edgy and fun .	place	positive
friendly staff .	staff	positive
good prices .	prices	positive
service is quick , salsa is fresh , and amounts are huge .	service	positive
service is quick , salsa is fresh , and amounts are huge .	salsa	positive
service is quick , salsa is fresh , and amounts are huge .	amounts	positive
the mashed potatoes tasted like it came from a box .	mashed potatoes	negative
we could have saved a whole lot of money and picked other seats .	seats	negative
i found the staff here to be very friendly .	staff	positive
chopped salad rocks , mushroom dish rocks .	chopped salad rocks	positive
chopped salad rocks , mushroom dish rocks .	mushroom dish rocks	positive
this is a great place to go by yourself or with a few friends .	place	positive
the second she was done with the top coat she walked off .	top coat	negative
great cut and friendly people .	cut	positive
great cut and friendly people .	people	positive
my kids and i love to go to bahama bucks !	bahama bucks	positive
loved their food , very tasty and filling .	food	positive
i highly recommend this place .	place	positive
our room was very big and clean .	room	positive
buffalo chicken dip is fantastic .	buffalo chicken dip	positive
try the crumb donut , its the best !	crumb donut	positive
seems like whatever was left in the kitchen over the weekend turns into brunch .	brunch	negative
food and service ( lunch and dinner ) are always good .	food	positive
food and service ( lunch and dinner ) are always good .	service	positive
food and service ( lunch and dinner ) are always good .	lunch	positive
food and service ( lunch and dinner ) are always good .	dinner )	positive
outdoor seating area looked pleasant and popular too .	outdoor seating area	positive
we enjoyed our meal at cowboy ciao .	meal	positive
the food 's presentation , temperature , freshness and of course taste is fantastic .	food	positive
the food 's presentation , temperature , freshness and of course taste is fantastic .	temperature	positive
the food 's presentation , temperature , freshness and of course taste is fantastic .	taste	positive
the prices are sometimes a little high , but he quality is consistently excellent .	prices	negative
the prices are sometimes a little high , but he quality is consistently excellent .	quality	positive
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	employees	positive
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	dog	positive
great breakfast .	breakfast	positive
i got home to find _num_ bowls of pea and barley soup .	bowls of pea and barley soup	positive
great ambience .	ambience	positive
food was wonderful !	food	positive
she recommended crispy basil chicken .	crispy basil chicken	positive
the drinks & food were good .	drinks	positive
the drinks & food were good .	food	positive
the owners are extremely friendly and i love their doughnuts .	owners	positive
the owners are extremely friendly and i love their doughnuts .	doughnuts	positive
i had to pick one star but it does n't even earn one .	star	negative
the food , for the most part disgusting and expensive .	food	negative
place is clean , machines work and the price is fair .	place	positive
place is clean , machines work and the price is fair .	machines	positive
place is clean , machines work and the price is fair .	price	positive
helen is amazing .	helen	positive
the potato , bacon and egg burritos are amazing !	potato	positive
the potato , bacon and egg burritos are amazing !	egg burritos	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
i arrived and was greeted by the owner juan .	owner	positive
the service was fast and awesome .	service	positive
the fantastic staff made the suggestion , wife accepted the idea .	staff	positive
this is a great place to go to in the winter and spring .	place	positive
the service here was also impressive .	service	positive
our bruschetta appetizers were disappointing as well , we ordered all three .	bruschetta appetizers	negative
many of the items had just rice with charred vegetables without any spice .	rice with charred vegetables	negative
however , customer service was awful .	customer service	negative
great new technology and you never feel rushed .	technology	positive
the bartender is knowledgeable and friendly .	bartender	positive
their pulled pork sandwiches are delicious , as are the sides .	pulled pork sandwiches	positive
their pulled pork sandwiches are delicious , as are the sides .	sides	positive
each and every single bite provides a perfect combination of flavors !	flavors	positive
his omelet was so-so , and my oatmeal was watery and possibly instant .	omelet	negative
his omelet was so-so , and my oatmeal was watery and possibly instant .	oatmeal	negative
way better than oreganos , and super fast service .	oreganos	positive
way better than oreganos , and super fast service .	service	positive
it was a great atmosphere and the staff members were extremely nice and personable .	atmosphere	positive
it was a great atmosphere and the staff members were extremely nice and personable .	staff members	positive
needless to say , we will never return to this place .	place	negative
excellent cocktails .	cocktails	positive
dr. mason is the best !	dr.	positive
you order at the counter and the food is delivered to you table .	food	positive
you order at the counter and the food is delivered to you table .	table	negative
finally , i get to the room and the freaking toilet does n't flush .	room	negative
finally , i get to the room and the freaking toilet does n't flush .	toilet	negative
i ate outside the box and did not get the wings !	wings	negative
overall , i recommend the pizza and the service was excellent .	pizza	positive
overall , i recommend the pizza and the service was excellent .	service	positive
employees are loud and obnoxious .	employees	negative
good stuff .	stuff	positive
hopefully everyone enjoys an easy , quick , yummy spot like me !	spot	positive
the place is orderly , clean and the staff was very friendly .	place	positive
the place is orderly , clean and the staff was very friendly .	staff	positive
their delivery times are spot on .	delivery times	positive
best place in phoenix for equipment .	equipment	positive
great place to go for dancing and music .	dancing	positive
great place to go for dancing and music .	music	positive
great carts with gps , and really good prices and deals available online .	carts with gps	positive
great carts with gps , and really good prices and deals available online .	prices	positive
the food is always very good , and freshly made .	food	positive
the drinks are good ( mojitos !	drinks	positive
i will never understand the meat envy vegans and vegetarians have .	meat	negative
i will never understand the meat envy vegans and vegetarians have .	vegans	negative
i left hungry after ordering _num_ courses and sending the main entre back .	main entre	negative
the food was completely unimpressive , and bland .	food	negative
i wanted to like you , sushi _num_ .	sushi _num_	positive
best hang out ever !	hang	positive
not personal at all .	personal	negative
clean place , nice staff and extremely good food .	place	positive
clean place , nice staff and extremely good food .	staff	positive
clean place , nice staff and extremely good food .	food	positive
the pool is beautiful .	pool	positive
my boyfriend loved his steak and for the money you get two large sides .	steak	positive
my boyfriend loved his steak and for the money you get two large sides .	money	positive
my boyfriend loved his steak and for the money you get two large sides .	sides	positive
thank you jeff ... so glad you are in such a great spot .	spot	positive
great staff , and i 'm super lucky to have found them .	staff	positive
we always get an appetizer and sometimes a dessert .	appetizer	positive
we always get an appetizer and sometimes a dessert .	dessert	positive
last night i gave my first low tip in over five years .	low tip	positive
people , stick with total wine .	people	positive
people , stick with total wine .	wine	positive
they have delicious margaritas and the big ass hamburger is second to none .	margaritas	positive
they have delicious margaritas and the big ass hamburger is second to none .	big ass hamburger	positive
i added jalapeos for an extra bam !	jalapeos	positive
waitress was pleasant and helpful .	waitress	positive
i would not recommend this business as i feel they are very dishonest .	business	negative
i guess in this economy pong pong can afford to lose customers .	customers	negative
minus one star because bugs are gross but i 'm still a reasonable person .	bugs	negative
we highly recommend this gym .	gym	positive
great wings .	wings	positive
good old fashioned german home cooking , just like at home .	german home cooking	positive
several minutes later another tech came to the window .	tech	negative
the best food , everything is fresh and the breakfast is amazing .	food	positive
the best food , everything is fresh and the breakfast is amazing .	breakfast	positive
good vibe and great environment .	vibe	positive
good vibe and great environment .	environment	positive
this is the best pizza in the state !	pizza	positive
i love my new apartment !	apartment	positive
there were _num_ large tables that were getting ready to leave .	tables	negative
it 's also fun to see folks ride up on their horses .	horses	positive
i really enjoyed this place !	place	positive
service is great but hard to find .	service	positive
the chips and salsa were pretty good .	chips	positive
the chips and salsa were pretty good .	salsa	positive
i was very pleased with the customer service we received .	customer service	positive
the customer service continues to be lacking with poor follow through .	customer service	negative
the blooming onion was delicious and we had the double hamburger .	blooming onion	positive
the blooming onion was delicious and we had the double hamburger .	double hamburger	positive
the truffles are magnificent !	truffles	positive
try : sushi creek : if you do n't mind a drive .	sushi creek	positive
this place has stood the test of time !	place	positive
i hate this mcdonald 's .	mcdonald 's	negative
grimaldi 's really makes you feel like you 're somewhere other than old town .	grimaldi	negative
this is one of my favorite breakfast places .	breakfast places	positive
managers paul and david are both extremely helpful and involved in every job .	managers	positive
i really liked their customer service .	customer service	positive
thanks for the great service and wine .	service	positive
thanks for the great service and wine .	wine	positive
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	crab wontons	positive
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	spicy plum sauce	positive
but by far the best thing this place has to offer is the food .	food	positive
only a _num_ because of the great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
he is a great dentist !	dentist	positive
red white and brew is my favorite go local spot in mesa , az .	brew	positive
red white and brew is my favorite go local spot in mesa , az .	spot	positive
i always stop in for dinner when i 'm in scottsdale !	dinner	positive
ive tried complaining to management but they totally do not care .	management	negative
a good place to meet every so often plus good food .	place	positive
a good place to meet every so often plus good food .	food	positive
and by the looks of things , this place is a crowd pleaser !	place	positive
a truly first class golf course and must play when in scottsdale .	golf course	positive
my family and i have been taking our cars here for years .	cars	positive
staff here are friendly and helpful each time i have been .	staff	positive
the place was boring and runs well with the rest of az .	place	negative
terrible , bland food .	food	negative
the old nickel and dime routine was too much for me .	nickel and dime routine	negative
i now see that this slow service runs through all the yelp reviews .	service	negative
this is a really small place and scott was taking care of everything .	place	negative
this is a really small place and scott was taking care of everything .	scott	negative
i would not recommend going to this bridal salon .	bridal salon	negative
price was fair by local standards .	price	positive
the door men and bartenders have always been friendly to us .	door men	positive
the door men and bartenders have always been friendly to us .	bartenders	positive
i love their granola and their nine grain bread !	granola	positive
i love their granola and their nine grain bread !	nine grain bread	positive
obviously , they truly want you to enjoy your evening .	evening	positive
we stopped eating there because their service is awful !	service	negative
the salsa was all tomato water and no substance .	salsa	negative
most overpriced sushi i 've had .	sushi	positive
my daughter loved her fried shrimp and sweet and sour chicken .	fried shrimp and sweet	positive
my daughter loved her fried shrimp and sweet and sour chicken .	sour chicken	positive
i ca n't eat green pepper so i asked for the potatoes without them .	green pepper	negative
i ca n't eat green pepper so i asked for the potatoes without them .	potatoes	negative
halloween is over and wont be happening for awhile .	halloween	negative
wing wednesday is amazing !	wing wednesday	positive
$ _num_ for a glass of cranberry juice .	glass of cranberry juice	positive
great salon !	salon	positive
everything is very fresh , high quality and prepared to order .	quality	positive
what amazing service .	service	positive
but a big disappointment with the bagels .	bagels	negative
still waiting on getting my money back .	money	negative
there are just two nail technicians out here .	nail technicians	negative
i love bread basket !	bread basket	positive
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	service	negative
awesome decor , great service , hidden gem in scottsdale .	decor	positive
awesome decor , great service , hidden gem in scottsdale .	service	positive
meal tickets were getting lost , it was mass mass chaos .	meal tickets	negative
as soon as the weather is a bit better , the patio is great .	patio	positive
they are the epitome of true customer service .	customer service	positive
the kiddo really enjoyed watching the planes , too .	kiddo	positive
the kiddo really enjoyed watching the planes , too .	planes	positive
we added the table hot salsa and it was even more terrific and spicy .	table hot salsa	positive
i definitely recommend paradise valley florist !	paradise valley florist	positive
great food .	food	positive
hats off to them and thanks for the great service .	service	positive
really good prime rib .	prime rib	positive
beer was n't very cold .	beer	negative
fancy ... better get a hot date .	date	positive
the bread pudding was amazing .	bread pudding	positive
they claim excuse after excuse , not to fix there cheap quality lenses !	lenses	negative
this place is pretty awesome .	place	positive
we go here alot , close to home , good food , great service .	food	positive
we go here alot , close to home , good food , great service .	service	positive
i had a really good experience the other night at pep boys .	pep boys	positive
ct has a great bar , great food , and friendly service .	bar	positive
ct has a great bar , great food , and friendly service .	food	positive
ct has a great bar , great food , and friendly service .	service	positive
the bread was very flavorful and satisfying and the sweet potato ravioli was magnificent .	bread	positive
the bread was very flavorful and satisfying and the sweet potato ravioli was magnificent .	sweet potato ravioli	positive
service was awesome !	service	positive
we always enjoy this venue and the delicious fare !	venue	positive
we always enjoy this venue and the delicious fare !	fare	positive
for the owner to be so blatantly rude is inexcusable !	owner	negative
i and _num_ coworkers went yesterday for lunch .	lunch	positive
i love how small and intimate the establishment is .	establishment	positive
i did not want a nasty rubbery ring tomato soup .	ring tomato soup	negative
i 've always had great service here too .	service	positive
very spicy .	spicy	positive
this place needs a bar rescue in the worst way .	bar rescue	negative
amazing food , excellent service and a beautiful atmosphere .	food	positive
amazing food , excellent service and a beautiful atmosphere .	service	positive
amazing food , excellent service and a beautiful atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
she refilled our water constantly and gave us just the right amount of attention .	water	positive
wonderful employees !	employees	positive
terrible customer service and will not be returning .	customer service	negative
as usual , good pizza , good wine , good service .	pizza	positive
as usual , good pizza , good wine , good service .	wine	positive
as usual , good pizza , good wine , good service .	service	positive
this is the best customer experience i have ever had !	customer experience	positive
i recommend scottsdale smile center to anyone looking for a dentist .	scottsdale smile	positive
i recommend scottsdale smile center to anyone looking for a dentist .	dentist	positive
waitress was nice and stopped by a couple times .	waitress	positive
dined in since the new owners and what an improvement !	owners	positive
this place is great for lunch .	lunch	positive
we left after pointing out this was not showing customer appreciation .	customer	negative
i love rays pizza !	pizza	positive
i went in for a fill with gel polish on tuesday .	fill with gel polish	positive
the pear martini was also delicious .	pear martini	positive
stayed there this pass memorial day weekend and was the worst time ever .	pass	negative
great happy hour food menu !	food menu	positive
very nice wait staff , just slow .	wait staff	positive
very good ingredients .	ingredients	positive
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .	ingredients	positive
great service , efficiency , and all round a great experience .	service	positive
great service , efficiency , and all round a great experience .	efficiency	positive
the mechanic is very polite & gives specific details .	mechanic	positive
i finished off the meal with sopapillas that were really tasty .	meal	positive
i finished off the meal with sopapillas that were really tasty .	sopapillas	positive
i highly recommend grazie for the best italian food in town .	italian food	positive
but it looked nothing like the flower on my fingers .	flower	negative
very cosy and comfortable atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great prices , fast service .	prices	positive
great prices , fast service .	service	positive
its basic meat and potatoes fare but everything is done right .	meat and potatoes fare	positive
the mini chimis are wonderful with the cream cheese jalapeno dip .	mini chimis	positive
the mini chimis are wonderful with the cream cheese jalapeno dip .	cream cheese jalapeno dip	positive
tonight was a disappointing dinner : - ( .	dinner	negative
there are no bikes !	bikes	negative
the menu offers an item for everyone , including those hungry for lunch .	menu	positive
the menu offers an item for everyone , including those hungry for lunch .	lunch	positive
how long was the meat sitting ?	meat sitting	negative
the prices are insanely reasonable given the high quality .	prices	positive
the prices are insanely reasonable given the high quality .	quality	positive
the adult arnold palmer is delicious , both the standard and peach version .	adult arnold palmer	positive
the adult arnold palmer is delicious , both the standard and peach version .	peach version	positive
the wait to get in the room was over _num_ minutes .	wait	negative
the wait to get in the room was over _num_ minutes .	room	negative
no redeeming value for anything on the plate .	value	negative
no redeeming value for anything on the plate .	plate	negative
very attentive and our food came out in under _num_ minutes of ordering !	food	negative
this place is kind of a great find , good service , great food .	service	positive
this place is kind of a great find , good service , great food .	food	positive
loved my meal here !	meal	positive
gina made the scheduling , billing and insurance very easy .	scheduling	positive
gina made the scheduling , billing and insurance very easy .	billing	positive
gina made the scheduling , billing and insurance very easy .	insurance	positive
super quick measurements .	measurements	positive
the tortilla was fresh and hot , killer .	tortilla	positive
there are so many different places in scottsdale that are better .	places	positive
i dont understand why there were so many other patrons here on that day .	patrons	negative
yes , i was told the same thing as the reviewer below .	reviewer	negative
that place is simply perfect !	place	positive
nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
everything i 've ever eaten here has been delicious and the service is great !	service	positive
great haircut , the best i 've had in years .	haircut	positive
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	table	negative
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	dinner	negative
loved them ( doctors nurses and office staff ) .	doctors nurses	positive
loved them ( doctors nurses and office staff ) .	office staff	positive
the chicken was dry and cold and the ribs were overcooked .	chicken	negative
the chicken was dry and cold and the ribs were overcooked .	ribs	negative
the decor is romantic , i would say it 's a good date spot .	decor	positive
she really cares about her patients in a genuine way .	patients	positive
really good flavor !	flavor	positive
this location tends to have problems with the food .	food	negative
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	place	negative
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	valley	negative
the people that take your money at the front are downright rude .	people	negative
the people that take your money at the front are downright rude .	money	negative
this place is disgusting .	place	negative
bagels are good but service is terrible .	bagels	positive
bagels are good but service is terrible .	service	negative
great place to take a date or a special occasion .	place	positive
i would recommend this vet to anyone with a kitty !	kitty	positive
customer service was great there .	customer service	positive
price , including tip came to $ _num_ for four .	price	positive
price , including tip came to $ _num_ for four .	tip	negative
aside from be super dirty and expensive the staff is rude .	staff	negative
do not purchase the beef and zucchini or shrimp panang .	beef	negative
do not purchase the beef and zucchini or shrimp panang .	zucchini	negative
do not purchase the beef and zucchini or shrimp panang .	shrimp panang	negative
wait take that back .	wait	negative
great restaurant .	restaurant	positive
we also ordered a glass of pinot noir to compliment the escargot .	glass of pinot noir	positive
we also ordered a glass of pinot noir to compliment the escargot .	escargot	positive
a good local restaurant/bar with nice service and tasty food options .	service	positive
a good local restaurant/bar with nice service and tasty food options .	food options	positive
mother in law got what looked like a giant hamburger patty .	hamburger patty	positive
unfortunately , he did not enjoy his dinner whatsoever .	dinner	negative
great food , pleasant conversation and very reasonable .	food	positive
there was no texture to the food and everything had the same taste .	food	negative
there was no texture to the food and everything had the same taste .	taste	negative
in and out service is highly welcomed !	service	positive
a lot of places offer them , some good , some real bad .	places	positive
when the weather is nice they bring things outdoors into their large parking lot .	parking lot	positive
a lot better than starbucks ... love the hazelnut iced blended drink .	hazelnut iced blended drink	positive
i 've ordered from paradise valley florist in the past and was extremely happy .	paradise valley florist	positive
fantastic food .	food	positive
will be going to another car wash .	car wash	negative
the flank steak is my favorite .	flank steak	positive
two months later i received a missed appt bill of _num_ .	appt bill of	negative
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .	camelback	positive
the food portions are huge , and delicious !	food portions	positive
great prices , great selection .	prices	positive
great prices , great selection .	selection	positive
food was wonderful and delicious .	food	positive
however , customer service was not so good .	customer service	negative
beers & wells are very reasonable .	beers	positive
the selection was large with a good focus on local stuff .	selection	positive
the selection was large with a good focus on local stuff .	local stuff	positive
i 'm tired of the bait and switch .	bait	negative
nice people .	people	positive
and that was the only redeeming quality of the place .	quality	positive
my sisters and brother are big fans of this place .	place	positive
i love , love , love this place !	place	positive
its consistent - good food , service and atmosphere .	food	positive
its consistent - good food , service and atmosphere .	service	positive
its consistent - good food , service and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great pizza , wings and salad !	pizza	positive
great pizza , wings and salad !	wings	positive
i love the food they have !	food	positive
prices are great , food is authentic greek !	prices	positive
prices are great , food is authentic greek !	food	positive
it was a lot of fun they had good pizza .	pizza	positive
great place , will return .	place	positive
my husband offered to pay for an extra meal , but we were refused .	meal	negative
waiter returned shortly to inform us they were out of ice tea ?	waiter	negative
waiter returned shortly to inform us they were out of ice tea ?	ice tea	negative
the man took _num_ minutes to help me .	man	negative
the theater is comfortable and has a good acoustic for sound .	theater	positive
the theater is comfortable and has a good acoustic for sound .	acoustic	positive
fun hidden neighborhood bar with good food and relaxed atmosphere .	neighborhood bar	positive
fun hidden neighborhood bar with good food and relaxed atmosphere .	food	positive
fun hidden neighborhood bar with good food and relaxed atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
it 's good for you health wise and body and mind wise .	health	positive
had to flag a busboy down with a water pitcher just to get that .	busboy	negative
had to flag a busboy down with a water pitcher just to get that .	water pitcher	negative
it was all very festive for the holidays which added extra appeal .	holidays	positive
i was hard pressed to pay full price for three tortillas on my fajitas .	price	negative
i was hard pressed to pay full price for three tortillas on my fajitas .	tortillas	negative
i was hard pressed to pay full price for three tortillas on my fajitas .	fajitas	negative
jennifer knows skin !	skin	positive
the spices were bland .	spices	negative
otherwise , the food is good and friendly customer service .	food	positive
otherwise , the food is good and friendly customer service .	customer service	positive
must be an awful place to work .	place	negative
beautiful grounds and facility .	grounds	positive
beautiful grounds and facility .	facility	positive
great for people watching , but unfortunately their pizza is pretty weak .	pizza	negative
the egg rolls were not impressive at all .	egg rolls	negative
pizza , and deserts are great .	pizza	positive
pizza , and deserts are great .	deserts	positive
happy hunting .	hunting	positive
no stars !	stars	negative
nice gesture but the bread was greasy and flavorless .	bread	negative
the fried polenta was ok , but a bit dry .	fried polenta	negative
huge fan !	fan	positive
the crust is cooked to perfection and all the toppings are great too !	crust	positive
the crust is cooked to perfection and all the toppings are great too !	toppings	positive
they explain how to put on the product and what makes the product special .	product	positive
everyone had a wonderful evening that will not soon be forgotten .	evening	positive
excellent food .	food	positive
they brought my little pup a water bowl while we enjoyed our meal .	water bowl	positive
they brought my little pup a water bowl while we enjoyed our meal .	meal	positive
small shop , but carl is a rare find .	shop	negative
owners are so sweet .	owners	positive
the food is good , fast , and affordable !	food	positive
the service either ends up great , or crap .	service	negative
the lady on the phone was so rude she even hang up the phone .	lady	negative
steak and seafood were both of very high quality .	steak	positive
steak and seafood were both of very high quality .	seafood	positive
the sauce they added was all that saved my lunch .	sauce	positive
the sauce they added was all that saved my lunch .	lunch	positive
something you could grab at the local gas station for _num_ .	gas station	positive
my waiter was friendly enough but the food was just ok .	waiter	positive
my waiter was friendly enough but the food was just ok .	food	negative
amazing food .	food	positive
loved the atmosphere , friendly staff and my iced chai .	atmosphere	positive
loved the atmosphere , friendly staff and my iced chai .	staff	positive
loved the atmosphere , friendly staff and my iced chai .	iced chai	positive
new resident to az , called in with a few questions .	resident	positive
would recommend visiting this place just to tour their lush grounds and relax .	grounds	positive
i want to refill my bottle !	bottle	positive
i love orange table .	orange table	positive
the food is beautiful !	food	positive
meatball sub was perfect as was my dad 's italian sandwich .	meatball sub	positive
meatball sub was perfect as was my dad 's italian sandwich .	italian sandwich	positive
fun times !	times	positive
the letter d crisp and green chili burrito are my top choices !	green chili burrito	positive
terrible design .	design	negative
defiantly worth the price .	price	positive
have excellent service .	service	positive
service was good .	service	positive
consistently good service , done quickly , and always super affordable .	service	positive
it was definitely spicy which i really liked .	spicy	positive
very warm and friendly staff .	staff	positive
steve is just so honest and laid back .	steve	positive
their hummus with veggies is a very good portion for _num_ as well .	hummus with veggies	positive
their hummus with veggies is a very good portion for _num_ as well .	portion	positive
he pours great drinks and seems like he actually cares about his patrons .	drinks	positive
he pours great drinks and seems like he actually cares about his patrons .	patrons	positive
this is my favorite antique store ever .	antique	positive
attended a going away party on the patio .	patio	positive
they were wet and limp with no flavor at all .	flavor	negative
good service and deliver as we 'll keep ordering even my kids love it .	service	positive
they have great , innovative dishes , using fresh , local ingredients .	dishes	positive
they have great , innovative dishes , using fresh , local ingredients .	ingredients	positive
love this place !	place	positive
great grub .	grub	positive
i would rather have the pants and go elsewhere .	pants	negative
we also had the chow mein , which was very good !	chow mein	positive
i walked into the store , nobody greeted me at all .	store	negative
do yourself a favor ... check this place out !	place	positive
one big plus for me : a gluten-free menu .	gluten-free menu	positive
the view of paradise valley is awesome .	view	positive
the service was excellent and the food was great .	service	positive
the service was excellent and the food was great .	food	positive
the owners are very friendly and welcoming .	owners	positive
fantastic live music .	live music	positive
the people here are just bad .	people	negative
the teachers at first impressions made us all feel like part of the family .	teachers	negative
super fresh fruit for super low prices !	fruit	positive
super fresh fruit for super low prices !	prices	negative
this place gets five stars for the quality of their food .	quality	positive
this place gets five stars for the quality of their food .	food	positive
i love this place and will go there at least once a month !	place	positive
the staff is disrespectful and unprofessional .	staff	negative
he has _num_ employees who are so nice and personable .	employees	positive
avoid at all costs .	costs	positive
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	dance floor	negative
the burger was small and very thin .	burger	negative
when i went to the restroom , i noticed that it was quite filthy .	restroom	negative
dh had the pork chops and they were great too !	pork chops	positive
i consider myself to be a sandwich snob .	sandwich	negative
the place was clean , seats were comfortable , drinks were reasonably priced .	place	positive
the place was clean , seats were comfortable , drinks were reasonably priced .	seats	positive
the place was clean , seats were comfortable , drinks were reasonably priced .	drinks	positive
the place was clean , seats were comfortable , drinks were reasonably priced .	priced	positive
tortillas are freshly made and taste amazing .	tortillas	positive
the kind of good that makes you want to lick the bowl .	bowl	positive
thanks for making this new cigar lovers experience really worthwhile .	cigar	positive
horrible service .	service	negative
the food was phenomenal .	food	positive
customer service is not that hard .	customer service	negative
grimaldi 's does pizza and does it terrific .	pizza	positive
food was great !	food	positive
_num_ tee boxes , range is always included .	range	positive
not sure where the _num_ stars came from .	stars	negative
this is a simple but great restaurant and bar .	bar	positive
prices are a bit high though .	prices	negative
authentic italian food .	italian food	positive
great deal and a great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
best grilled fish sandwich i have ever had , very large piece of fish .	grilled fish sandwich	positive
perfect stay .	stay	positive
even for family style plates , i think it 's slightly overpriced .	family style plates	negative
the hostess was no where to be found .	hostess	negative
i did midnight bowling and it was a lot of fun with good music .	music	positive
great whiskey list too .	whiskey list	positive
i dont think i will return to sushi _num_ !	sushi _num_	negative
i hated that place .	place	negative
great food , wonderful service .	food	positive
great food , wonderful service .	service	positive
the place just get 's worse and worse .	place	negative
great for corporate lunches , or a fun date , or girls night !	corporate lunches	positive
great for corporate lunches , or a fun date , or girls night !	girls	positive
i love trader joe 's !	trader joe 's	positive
i still have a t shirt from _num_ which is in very good condition .	t shirt	positive
sometimes you just need a good ol ' sandwich .	sandwich	positive
loved this place so much .	place	positive
and of course , amazing hair !	hair	positive
his nurse also made a lasting first impression .	nurse	positive
heidi answers and says ok we will cancel the order for the wings .	wings	negative
great people-watching spot right in old town , and the place had cute character .	spot	positive
great people-watching spot right in old town , and the place had cute character .	place	positive
the staff is incredibly helpful and eager to please .	staff	positive
sometimes customer service goes a long way and this place has none .	customer service	negative
however , from the start our server was extremely rude .	server	negative
i really love cheese and they miss the mark .	cheese	positive
really nice patio with attentive service .	patio	positive
really nice patio with attentive service .	service	positive
the view was also nice .	view	positive
a little more expensive , but the patio is such a beautiful eve spot .	patio	positive
a little more expensive , but the patio is such a beautiful eve spot .	eve spot	positive
very , very good italian !	italian	positive
we had a ceremony only but it was so great !	ceremony	positive
amazing service !	service	positive
totally worth the drive to east mesa for some rolls .	rolls	positive
the food was not that great , and over priced !	food	negative
they have a great wines by the glass list !	wines by the glass list	positive
the price for the quality is good .	price	positive
the price for the quality is good .	quality	positive
i love the rolls !	rolls	positive
sometimes the rice is hot , sometimes it 's cold .	rice	negative
i also had to go to the bar to get my silverware .	bar	negative
i also had to go to the bar to get my silverware .	silverware	negative
kids ( and adults ) will love all the attractions .	kids	positive
the green chile pork appetizer is exceptional .	green chile pork appetizer	positive
also loud , fun , hip atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
honey garlic ii is the best !	honey garlic ii	positive
i would recommend this to anyone in the area !	area	positive
such cute clothes , shoes , and purses .	clothes	positive
such cute clothes , shoes , and purses .	shoes	positive
such cute clothes , shoes , and purses .	purses	positive
i did n't know pizza could taste this bad .	pizza	negative
was hoping to have a local sushi place i could count on .	sushi place	positive
they refunded us for our meal but we will not be back .	meal	negative
the chips were stale .	chips	negative
could he not get through the security gate ?	security gate	negative
he and his staff are top notch and have been for a long time .	staff	positive
they did not seem to care one bit that they were losing a customer .	customer	negative
awesome flavor , friendly staff .	flavor	positive
awesome flavor , friendly staff .	staff	positive
thank you for all the care through the years and in the end .	care	positive
the space is huge now and so warm and inviting .	space	positive
well , this place did n't disappoint !	place	positive
they get creative with there rolls and specials .	rolls	positive
the hostesses were beyond rude .	hostesses	negative
the school has decades of great reputation for a reason .	school	positive
if owner is angry , she shows it when doing your nails .	owner	negative
if owner is angry , she shows it when doing your nails .	nails	negative
i was charged $ _num_ for those _num_ minutes .	minutes	negative
family owned , perfectly baked authentic chicago style pizza .	chicago	positive
family owned , perfectly baked authentic chicago style pizza .	pizza	positive
$ _num_ corkage fee from their retail prices wines is so nice !	wines	positive
great price , great service .	price	positive
great price , great service .	service	positive
service was good and i would definitely return here .	service	positive
same good food , new location .	food	positive
same good food , new location .	location	positive
the bar is outside ( which i loved ) and the food is indoors .	bar	positive
the bar is outside ( which i loved ) and the food is indoors .	food	positive
great food and an old time atmosphere .	food	positive
great food and an old time atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the offices are convenient and very clean and comfortable .	offices	positive
service was ok , but nothing to get excited over .	service	negative
they also have generous return policy on merchandise .	return policy	positive
they also have generous return policy on merchandise .	merchandise	positive
the food is great and always consistent .	food	positive
one of my favorite restaurants in the valley !	restaurants	positive
as soon as you walk in you see a great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .	money	positive
nice nail technicians .	nail technicians	positive
their chicken curry is one of the best in town !	chicken curry	positive
the 2nd rule is never talk about the breakfast club .	breakfast club	negative
typically super friendly service .	service	positive
abby is the best in the business !	abby	positive
abby is the best in the business !	business	positive
stupid policy !	policy	negative
office staff is friendly and the neighbors are great .	office staff	positive
office staff is friendly and the neighbors are great .	neighbors	positive
atmosphere is fancy yet comfortable .	atmosphere	positive
i would not go here for classes , though .	classes	negative
everyone here is so happy .	everyone	positive
the quality is amazing .	quality	positive
this is my go to for a great steak and easy going feel .	steak	positive
this is my go to for a great steak and easy going feel .	feel	positive
this place is amazing .	place	positive
i had to take the towel to wipe down my own car .	towel	negative
the food was made with fresh ingredients , not greasy , and delicious !	food	positive
the food was made with fresh ingredients , not greasy , and delicious !	ingredients	positive
overall , a great place to go for your regular mani/pedi 's .	mani/pedi 's	positive
the manager was too young looking to me .	manager	negative
the breading on the clams was a little better , but still flavorless .	breading on the clams	negative
it 's especially nice on evenings outside on the patio .	patio	positive
it 's a very very small place you ca n't .	place	negative
the food was good , too .	food	positive
i was served _num_ tiny pieces of fish .	served	negative
i was served _num_ tiny pieces of fish .	fish	negative
i will definitely be going back for all my beauty needs !	beauty	positive
i never had a place burn my eggs before .	place	positive
an old-fashioned ice cream place in the heart of old town scottsdale ?	ice cream place	positive
prices are good too .	prices	positive
i really hate to give restaurant a less then favorable review .	restaurant	negative
overall , it was a very disappointing dining experience .	dining experience	negative
never order the _num_ install .	_num_ install	negative
there was some sort of greasy slimy build up on all the tables .	tables	negative
chips tasted stale and like old oil , salsa was ok .	chips	negative
chips tasted stale and like old oil , salsa was ok .	salsa	negative
this is the perfect date night .	date night	positive
my husband loves the cole slaw here .	cole slaw	positive
good ny style pizza - not great - and the staff is always friendly .	staff	positive
all of the techs and vets were very nice too .	techs	positive
all of the techs and vets were very nice too .	vets	positive
best chinese food ever .	chinese food	positive
loved everything about this place .	place	positive
love this place .	place	positive
great place , food , salads and everything is wonderful .	place	positive
great place , food , salads and everything is wonderful .	food	positive
great place , food , salads and everything is wonderful .	salads	positive
great food , huge portions .	food	positive
great food , huge portions .	portions	positive
the food is authentic and service is superb .	food	positive
the food is authentic and service is superb .	service	positive
this place was an insult to italian cooking in general , let alone sicilian .	place	negative
this place was an insult to italian cooking in general , let alone sicilian .	italian cooking	negative
kazimierz is a hidden gem in old town .	kazimierz	positive
when i checked out i said i would like to price match the item .	price	positive
ok i had to go back and remove a star .	star	negative
she over charge my meal not once , not twice , but three times .	meal	negative
however , last night we left so disappointed in our meals and the service .	meals	negative
however , last night we left so disappointed in our meals and the service .	service	negative
great wine menu .	wine menu	positive
i did not recognize more than _num_ face ( a younger guy server ) .	server	negative
mahi mahi tacos smelly and not fresh .	mahi mahi tacos	positive
dan dan noodles had no taste .	noodles	negative
terrible service !	service	negative
the parking sucks , too .	parking	negative
their selection of beer and wine is very good .	selection of beer	positive
also the finance guys were great !	finance guys	positive
i was not upset about this fact .	fact	negative
nothing fancy here , just solid food .	food	positive
great time today with friends for breakfast at the orange table .	breakfast	positive
great time today with friends for breakfast at the orange table .	orange table	positive
the burrito alone was over priced and it was quite small .	burrito	negative
the burrito alone was over priced and it was quite small .	priced	negative
it has some good food and great service .	food	positive
it has some good food and great service .	service	positive
our waitress was engaging and attentive .	waitress	positive
i would fire management at this ra .	management	negative
the cheese was melted just perfectly .	cheese	positive
the cesar salad dressing in very good .	cesar salad dressing	positive
i ca n't believe this last of quality was delivered at fashion square .	quality	positive
i ca n't believe this last of quality was delivered at fashion square .	delivered	positive
i do love their breakfast sandwiches and coffee !	breakfast sandwiches	positive
i do love their breakfast sandwiches and coffee !	coffee	positive
great service .	service	positive
the food is fantastic , the service is superb and the setting is spectacular !	food	positive
the food is fantastic , the service is superb and the setting is spectacular !	service	positive
the food is fantastic , the service is superb and the setting is spectacular !	setting	positive
$ _num_ per tiny samosa ?	samosa	negative
the other tenants are super friendly and we are quite content .	tenants	positive
from the view to the food to the service , everything was perfect .	food	positive
from the view to the food to the service , everything was perfect .	service	positive
the pool area is pretty nice , however it 's small .	pool area	positive
two bathrooms with one room each doesnt cut it for me .	bathrooms	negative
two bathrooms with one room each doesnt cut it for me .	room	negative
they really do care about the animals and their humans !	animals	positive
they really do care about the animals and their humans !	humans	positive
they have a good variety of sushi for _num_ bucks !	sushi for _num_	positive
cowboy chow is great !	cowboy chow	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
the dressing was just boring .	dressing	negative
: - ) great workers , great place .	workers	positive
: - ) great workers , great place .	place	positive
kona has great sushi , salads , and entrees .	sushi	positive
kona has great sushi , salads , and entrees .	salads	positive
kona has great sushi , salads , and entrees .	entrees	positive
tasty tasty tasty , and speedy delivery .	delivery	positive
the servings are huge enough to share , but you wo n't want to !	servings	positive
food was very good but service was slow .	food	positive
food was very good but service was slow .	service	negative
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	jack and coke	negative
they do n't inform u each time they let themselves into a unit !	unit	negative
this place does n't even deserve _num_ star .	place	negative
the design in this restaurant is breathtaking !	design	positive
the design in this restaurant is breathtaking !	restaurant	positive
also our cart died on the last hole .	cart	negative
the texture is all off .	texture	negative
there were several dozen tanks but each only had a couple of fish .	tanks	negative
there were several dozen tanks but each only had a couple of fish .	fish	negative
great place especially when you are drunk .	place	positive
is zero stars an option ?	stars	negative
they have a pretty good selection and have some cool accessories too .	selection	positive
they have a pretty good selection and have some cool accessories too .	accessories	positive
for the quality of the meal the price was way too high .	quality of the meal	negative
for the quality of the meal the price was way too high .	price	negative
she seemed shy and had trouble talking to the table .	table	negative
very relaxed , yet personal vibes going on and our waiter was hilarious .	vibes	positive
very relaxed , yet personal vibes going on and our waiter was hilarious .	waiter	positive
do n't even bother wasting your time and money .	money	positive
i like the decor , it 's quirky and whimsical .	decor	positive
i love these guys !	guys	positive
service is friendly and quick .	service	positive
i enjoyed an awesome preparation of halibut with mexican shrimp and chorizo .	chorizo	positive
the owners are very friendly and professional .	owners	positive
great shop and great people .	shop	positive
great shop and great people .	people	positive
fresh orange juice .	orange juice	positive
the spa is laid back and helpful .	spa	positive
absolutely loved this tour !	tour	positive
the servers there are friendly and fast .	servers	positive
the restaurant was not crowded at all .	restaurant	positive
he then offered me fettuccine & an order of spaghetti & meatballs .	fettuccine	positive
he then offered me fettuccine & an order of spaghetti & meatballs .	meatballs	positive
great happy hour !	happy hour	positive
the staff is so friendly , knowledgeable , and helpful .	staff	positive
i swear it 's a _num_ minute wait every ... single ... time .	wait	negative
i said to the employee , `` i know bruschetta are twice baked cookies .	employee	positive
i said to the employee , `` i know bruschetta are twice baked cookies .	bruschetta	positive
i said to the employee , `` i know bruschetta are twice baked cookies .	cookies	positive
one happy customer .	customer	positive
the food was cold with no flavor .	food	negative
the combination of fudge and brownie melted in my mouth .	combination of fudge	positive
the combination of fudge and brownie melted in my mouth .	brownie	positive
we sat on the patio too which was very pleasant .	patio	positive
the food is great , the service is awesome .	food	positive
the food is great , the service is awesome .	service	positive
great location , great food , great prices and great service .	location	positive
great location , great food , great prices and great service .	food	positive
great location , great food , great prices and great service .	prices	positive
great location , great food , great prices and great service .	service	positive
the staff is friendly .	staff	positive
wonderful staff , wonderful selection , late evening hours .	staff	positive
wonderful staff , wonderful selection , late evening hours .	selection	positive
they have a gorgeous patio and open till 2:00 am !	patio	positive
service was perfect , atmosphere peaceful in the early evening .	service	positive
service was perfect , atmosphere peaceful in the early evening .	atmosphere	positive
their tiramisu is also really good .	tiramisu	positive
i was very happy with the care my dog received from dr. reed .	care	positive
i was very happy with the care my dog received from dr. reed .	dog	positive
the staff is really friendly .	staff	positive
incredibly reasonable prices .	prices	positive
wasted space of _num_ squash courts !	space	negative
wasted space of _num_ squash courts !	squash courts	negative
has outdoor patio seating with nice view of back side of camelback mountain .	outdoor patio seating	positive
has outdoor patio seating with nice view of back side of camelback mountain .	view	positive
also , the way they roast their chicken is top notch .	chicken	positive
great tiramisu .	tiramisu	positive
excellent beer selection .	beer selection	positive
quick friendly service to locals and non locals alike .	service	positive
atmosphere : i have no problem with the heavy hipster vibe .	atmosphere	positive
atmosphere : i have no problem with the heavy hipster vibe .	vibe	positive
the night staff at this location leaves something to be desired .	night staff	negative
the night staff at this location leaves something to be desired .	location	negative
horrible food , horrible service !	food	negative
horrible food , horrible service !	service	negative
bad customer service and trucks that are in poor working condition .	customer service	negative
bad customer service and trucks that are in poor working condition .	trucks	negative
the city is pristine with gorgeous views of desert life .	views	positive
on wed nights they have trivia at _num_ .	trivia	positive
there was n't anything culinary about it aside from the fact it was food .	food	negative
employees are friendly and helpful .	employees	positive
definitely worth a visit if you are in this area .	area	positive
the mole enchiladas are delicious .	mole enchiladas	positive
my sister just had her wedding here and it was gorgeous .	wedding	positive
the service is always great .	service	positive
they have very kind employees and have always provided wonderful service .	employees	positive
they have very kind employees and have always provided wonderful service .	service	positive
thank goodness this place was open past nine on a thursday night .	place	positive
the food is so good .	food	positive
delivery for a friday night was pretty fast and the pizza was good .	delivery	positive
delivery for a friday night was pretty fast and the pizza was good .	pizza	positive
great dive bar and great bartenders .	dive bar	positive
great dive bar and great bartenders .	bartenders	positive
we tried this restaurant for the first time for dinner and were disappointed .	restaurant	negative
we tried this restaurant for the first time for dinner and were disappointed .	dinner	negative
the beans were very greasy but hey this is n't health food right ?	beans	negative
relish 's at the pro shop was a great lunch stop .	lunch	positive
they always get the order right and the food is great .	food	positive
we enjoy this restaurant so much , it has become a weekly habit .	restaurant	positive
the wait was also very long .	wait	negative
this is a disgrace to the word , food .	food	negative
lovely place for small plate tapas during their fabulous happy hour .	small plate tapas	positive
another guest ordered an uber and invited me to share her car .	uber	positive
another guest ordered an uber and invited me to share her car .	car	positive
another customer refused to be seated in there while we were having dinner .	customer	negative
another customer refused to be seated in there while we were having dinner .	dinner	negative
it was like me ordering spaghetti but they served me fettuccine alfredo .	spaghetti	negative
it was like me ordering spaghetti but they served me fettuccine alfredo .	fettuccine alfredo	negative
a very tasty meal to end the year on .	meal	positive
good food and good service .	food	positive
good food and good service .	service	positive
the food , drinks and service were all a+ .	food	positive
the food , drinks and service were all a+ .	drinks	positive
the food , drinks and service were all a+ .	service	positive
he 's always cheerful and having us try his new sushi creations .	sushi creations	positive
delicious food with big plates !	food	positive
delicious food with big plates !	plates	positive
great job !	job	positive
customer service is better than i anticipated since it 's technically fast food .	customer service	positive
this scottsdale location is the best one hands down .	scottsdale location	positive
this place is as clean and roomy as it gets .	place	positive
awesome food , great service !	food	positive
awesome food , great service !	service	positive
exceptional service with a dark private setting .	service	positive
exceptional service with a dark private setting .	private setting	positive
hotels.com has a good rate for the room .	room	positive
soup , salad , drinks , all served at the same time .	soup	positive
soup , salad , drinks , all served at the same time .	salad	positive
soup , salad , drinks , all served at the same time .	drinks	positive
soup , salad , drinks , all served at the same time .	served	positive
the service is also excellent .	service	positive
the beef burrito was beef and a tortilla -- nothing else ; very bland .	beef burrito	negative
the beef burrito was beef and a tortilla -- nothing else ; very bland .	tortilla	negative
awesome gel manicure !	gel manicure	positive
very good service - i 'll be back !	service	positive
accommodations are great .	accommodations	positive
talk about torture .	torture	negative
the food is good and service is excellent .	food	positive
the food is good and service is excellent .	service	positive
ca n't go wrong with a beer .	beer	positive
the delivery people are always so friendly .	delivery people	positive
the menudo here is perfect .	menudo	positive
love that its a dive !	dive	positive
gracious service , great rooms , and lovely surroundings make for a great time .	service	positive
gracious service , great rooms , and lovely surroundings make for a great time .	rooms	positive
gracious service , great rooms , and lovely surroundings make for a great time .	surroundings	positive
delicious and huge portions delivered by service staff that really care about their patrons .	portions delivered	positive
delicious and huge portions delivered by service staff that really care about their patrons .	service staff	positive
delicious and huge portions delivered by service staff that really care about their patrons .	patrons	positive
what a gem of a place !	place	positive
bad company !	company	negative
the staff in the golf shop are friendly , accommodating , and very helpful .	staff	positive
the staff in the golf shop are friendly , accommodating , and very helpful .	golf shop	positive
our waitress was actually german , which made the whole experience really great !	waitress	positive
food is really hood !	food	negative
i would definitely recommend this molly maid !	molly maid	positive
the red salsa was great .	red salsa	positive
this place was fantastic .	place	positive
sandwiches are really good , too !	sandwiches	positive
coffee is hot and awesome !	coffee	positive
they really made us feel like they valued our business .	business	negative
perfect local bar wi great food and excellent staff .	bar	positive
perfect local bar wi great food and excellent staff .	food	positive
perfect local bar wi great food and excellent staff .	staff	positive
finally got the $ _num_ back for the sheets .	sheets	positive
this is a great , good ol diner .	diner	positive
this is a trainers gym .	trainers gym	positive
on top of that the service was awful .	service	negative
the beer is priced right .	beer	positive
the beer is priced right .	priced	positive
great venue .	venue	positive
the service was the worst .	service	negative
it is the best for younger kid amusement in phoenix .	kid amusement	positive
they have great specials !	specials	positive
canned fish in the tacos ... really ?	fish in the tacos	negative
the staff is especially helpful and the store is always really clean .	staff	positive
the staff is especially helpful and the store is always really clean .	store	positive
surprisingly they have some craft beers as well as the usual beers .	craft beers	positive
surprisingly they have some craft beers as well as the usual beers .	beers	positive
i had ordered online to make sure my order was not messed up .	order	positive
i highly recommend the salmon salad !	salmon salad	positive
the food and service were good .	food	positive
the food and service were good .	service	positive
we found mark via the cabinet manufacturer .	cabinet manufacturer	positive
lady is always nice !	lady	positive
best place in old town scottsdale for souvenirs and southwestern gifts .	scottsdale	positive
best place in old town scottsdale for souvenirs and southwestern gifts .	souvenirs	positive
best place in old town scottsdale for souvenirs and southwestern gifts .	southwestern	positive
why are so many joints , just to save a buck , cutting quality .	quality	negative
$ _num_ bill and i was not satisfied at all .	bill	negative
drinks are fairly cheap , and service is very friendly .	drinks	positive
drinks are fairly cheap , and service is very friendly .	service	positive
we went into this store and talked to michael .	store	positive
the drinks too were just okay .	drinks	positive
i got the carne asada burrito -- fresh & tasty .	carne asada burrito	positive
the workers are friendly , too .	workers	positive
food was blah and pretty tasteless .	food	negative
i would definitely recommend if your in the area .	area	positive
the food is worth any short wait you may experience .	food	positive
the food is worth any short wait you may experience .	wait	positive
the cheese on my cheese fries was not melted .	cheese	positive
the cheese on my cheese fries was not melted .	cheese fries	positive
service is fantastic .	service	positive
this is a place everyone should try , it really is exceptional .	place	positive
the food was n't incredible but it was decent .	food	negative
be prepared to see some really spectacular scenery .	scenery	positive
had a great time a the tavern .	tavern	positive
the chicken california flatbread pizza gave my wife food poisoning !	chicken california flatbread pizza	negative
delicious flavors , lots of vegetarian options , hefty portions .	flavors	positive
delicious flavors , lots of vegetarian options , hefty portions .	vegetarian options	positive
delicious flavors , lots of vegetarian options , hefty portions .	portions	positive
the wi-fi connection never worked the five days i was there .	wi-fi	negative
wait staff is great , very efficient and nice people there .	wait staff	positive
wait staff is great , very efficient and nice people there .	people	positive
service was great and then for finally , red velvet cupcake .	service	positive
service was great and then for finally , red velvet cupcake .	cupcake	positive
the salted carmel gelato is a must !	salted carmel gelato	positive
make no mistake , this is a booze cruise and is not family friendly .	booze cruise	negative
my hair at that time was cut pretty decent .	hair	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
this place is good !	place	positive
best mexican food in az period !	mexican food	positive
then , the food comes out and every dish is made incorrectly .	food	negative
then , the food comes out and every dish is made incorrectly .	dish	negative
great location and hours , had exactly what my guy was looking for !	location	positive
ordering was very pleasant and easy and they were delivered faster than expected .	ordering	positive
this place was terrible !	place	negative
i recommend them to anyone who needs their car washed !	car	positive
turns out my rental was only $ _num_ for the entire week !	rental	positive
i can stand outside all day and smell those rotisserie chickens !	rotisserie chickens	positive
but this place has a great breakfast with great service .	breakfast	positive
but this place has a great breakfast with great service .	service	positive
elevator out of order for entire stay .	stay	negative
slow service .	service	negative
the vet , older women , had a horrible bedside manner .	vet	negative
my favorite chinese place in mesa !	chinese place	positive
the chicken is spicy and delicious .	chicken	positive
that is how they get your email address .	email address	positive
sit forever in a waiting room .	waiting room	negative
dr. price was extremely professional and helped me with my neck pain immediately .	price	positive
honest , trustworthy , consistent and just plain good people !	people	positive
after about _num_ minutes someone came out with waters .	waters	negative
they have delicious soups everyday .	soups	positive
no one at our table could understand much of what he said .	table	negative
got to see wildlife .	wildlife	positive
we love this place .	place	positive
teriyaki chicken breast sandwich is made to order and is fantastic !	teriyaki chicken breast sandwich	positive
my friend got the burrito bowl which was amazing !	burrito bowl	positive
the real problem was with our bill .	bill	negative
the prime rib i had was perfectly cooked and was enough for two meals .	prime rib	positive
the prime rib i had was perfectly cooked and was enough for two meals .	meals	positive
when our food came out , everything looked fine except for the ravioli .	food	positive
when our food came out , everything looked fine except for the ravioli .	ravioli	positive
went to use the rest room -- it was out of paper towels .	rest room	negative
went to use the rest room -- it was out of paper towels .	paper towels	negative
the pizza is so good and it never disappoints .	pizza	positive
she said good food , good prices and good service .	food	positive
she said good food , good prices and good service .	prices	positive
she said good food , good prices and good service .	service	positive
the staff at raintree are very friendly and accommodating .	staff	positive
the staff at raintree are very friendly and accommodating .	raintree	positive
this is not a safe place to bring your family .	place	negative
at check-in , i mentioned i have a _num_ lbs dog .	dog	positive
this place is officially off of our rotation and we will never return !	place	negative
parking was not to great.	parking	negative
my $ _num_ bucks would have gone much further elsewhere .	$	negative
good fast mexican food with decent prices .	mexican food	positive
good fast mexican food with decent prices .	prices	positive
great bike shop !	bike shop	positive
a really good wine selection and some tasty food .	wine selection	positive
a really good wine selection and some tasty food .	food	positive
groupon has great deals for this place .	groupon	positive
everyone was friendly .	everyone	positive
all good stuff in a tiny bar on a side street .	stuff	positive
all good stuff in a tiny bar on a side street .	bar	positive
the staff is very friendly & great !	staff	positive
cooked perfectly .	cooked	positive
his chicken was tastier but still bland .	chicken	negative
thank you rebecca for a small gesture so large from your heart .	rebecca	positive
thank you rebecca for a small gesture so large from your heart .	gesture	positive
terrible customer service .	customer service	negative
so i paid a whole other person to fix my ac .	ac	negative
i am very upset that i wasted my time at this place .	place	negative
the gravy never arrived , and i think the manager brought us our bill .	gravy	negative
the gravy never arrived , and i think the manager brought us our bill .	manager	positive
the gravy never arrived , and i think the manager brought us our bill .	bill	positive
toward the end of the meal , a female manager walked by .	meal	negative
toward the end of the meal , a female manager walked by .	manager	negative
she layered the hair so it falls perfectly !	hair	positive
i 'll leave my wallet chain in my car . ''	wallet chain	negative
beer selection is good .	beer selection	positive
tint removal not included . ''	tint removal	negative
who closes for maintenance ?	maintenance	negative
this place was great !	place	positive
the food was decent to good ... service ( sergio ) was outstanding .	food	positive
the food was decent to good ... service ( sergio ) was outstanding .	service	positive
everything about the food was perfect .	food	positive
pretty good food !	food	positive
they have a terrible educational program .	educational program	negative
no dice !	dice	negative
there are stacked empty shelves by the door .	shelves	negative
kids have been caught throwing rocks at cars for play time .	play time	negative
love the chicken mole !	chicken mole	positive
love this place been coming here for about _num_ years .	place	positive
horrible and rude people .	people	negative
the most amazing enchiladas !	enchiladas	positive
the only other volvo dealership in town is much worse .	volvo	negative
she knows a lot about games which is something i was not expecting .	games	negative
the food was very good .	food	positive
great meal and service .	meal	positive
great meal and service .	service	positive
the staff was friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
i 'd give this place _num_ stars if i could .	place _num_	positive
my bf and i split the cheese crisp with beef ( first mistake ) .	cheese crisp	negative
my bf and i split the cheese crisp with beef ( first mistake ) .	beef	negative
the water tasted like sewage even after adding _num_ lemon wedges to it .	water	negative
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !	carlsbad tavern	positive
food brought _num_ minutes after arriving for reservation .	food	positive
food brought _num_ minutes after arriving for reservation .	reservation	positive
food was not very good .	food	negative
great food but very pricey .	food	positive
good food .	food	positive
poor bar staff to say the least .	bar staff	negative
great work , turnaround time is outstanding and very well priced .	priced	positive
i am so so so regret that i wasted my time and money .	money	negative
this is my new favorite spot to eat !	spot	positive
generous outside patio space was quieter .	outside patio space	positive
the food was very good and the margaritas were excellent !	food	positive
the food was very good and the margaritas were excellent !	margaritas	positive
atmosphere is nice and there is plenty of parking .	atmosphere	positive
atmosphere is nice and there is plenty of parking .	parking	positive
and the food was served to us after _num_ mins .	food	positive
and the food was served to us after _num_ mins .	served	positive
great service .	service	positive
you should check this place out !	place	positive
good wine list as well .	wine list	positive
the food is always top notch , and the service is impeccable .	food	positive
the food is always top notch , and the service is impeccable .	service	positive
most definitely the best beans in the east valley .	beans	positive
i will certainly return for the service .	service	positive
hands down some of the best food and service we 've ever had !	food	positive
hands down some of the best food and service we 've ever had !	service	positive
ordered the thai pad , it was mushy and so tasteless .	thai pad	negative
my 1st encounter was not a good one .	encounter	negative
the best selection in the valley with the most knowledgeable staff .	selection	positive
the best selection in the valley with the most knowledgeable staff .	staff	positive
loud garage if you live next to it .	garage	negative
lon 's is also terrific indoors .	indoors	positive
love their food .	food	positive
best food and best service .	food	positive
best food and best service .	service	positive
food was great .	food	positive
the food was great too , i got the white pizza which was delicious .	food	positive
the food was great too , i got the white pizza which was delicious .	white pizza	positive
and the guy was so rude .	guy	negative
even worse , she prescribed _num_ days worth of strong antibiotics for my dog .	dog	negative
the sommelier helped us to select a great italian wine ( $ _num_ ) .	sommelier	positive
the sommelier helped us to select a great italian wine ( $ _num_ ) .	italian wine	positive
one of the best hair experiences i have ever had .	hair experiences	positive
the dutch baby is yum and their omelettes are fluffy and delicious .	dutch baby	positive
the dutch baby is yum and their omelettes are fluffy and delicious .	omelettes	positive
the green chili quesadilla is amazing !	green chili quesadilla	positive
the staff was very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
highly recommend if you 're nearby , and have a desire for mexican food .	mexican food	positive
everyone is so nice too .	everyone	positive
loved my sandwhich and great service .	sandwhich	positive
loved my sandwhich and great service .	service	positive
by the time she had any interest in my experience my food was cold .	food	negative
my yard is beautiful !	yard	positive
_num_ minutes later we were eating tacos i made at home .	tacos	positive
my boyfriend and i always go to this location and the service is outstanding !	location	positive
my boyfriend and i always go to this location and the service is outstanding !	service	positive
delicious freshly baked bread and quality ingredients make this place my favorite lunch spot .	bread	positive
delicious freshly baked bread and quality ingredients make this place my favorite lunch spot .	ingredients	positive
delicious freshly baked bread and quality ingredients make this place my favorite lunch spot .	lunch	positive
a must have is the stetson salad ; i love this salad !	stetson salad	positive
a must have is the stetson salad ; i love this salad !	salad	positive
they charge a $ _num_ convenience fee when you buy online .	convenience	negative
picked up some nice pieces .	pieces	positive
guy says it will be _num_ minutes if i want the kabob .	kabob	positive
they employees seem to understand how .	employees	positive
the `` women '' at the front desk are extremely rude .	women	negative
we will definitely be ordering again soon !	ordering	negative
expensive food thats not worth it !	food	negative
they have an excellent selection , and a very good wine list .	selection	positive
they have an excellent selection , and a very good wine list .	wine list	positive
love thai food and this restaurant knows how to cook thai food .	thai food	positive
love thai food and this restaurant knows how to cook thai food .	thai	positive
the chicken curry is excellent as well .	chicken curry	positive
i have tried many gyro placed but this one is the best !	gyro	positive
i have loved the care we have received from all three of them .	care	positive
this store is very clean and nice looking .	store	positive
great customer service !	customer service	positive
great specials throughout the day and on weekends .	specials	positive
could n't even finish the food .	food	negative
great people , funny stories , happy customers its all you can ask for .	people	positive
great people , funny stories , happy customers its all you can ask for .	customers	positive
the beer was amazing !	beer	positive
my experiences in this store have been wonderful .	store	positive
i just picked up my very stressed out dogs who were literally drenched .	dogs	negative
great staff , incredible selection .	staff	positive
server was rude especially to my husband .	server	negative
the cons : the rest of the food is pretty mediocre .	cons	negative
the cons : the rest of the food is pretty mediocre .	food	negative
the staff is so friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
really good food and the service was great !	food	positive
really good food and the service was great !	service	positive
other than that great place , friendly staff , and relaxing atmosphere .	place	positive
other than that great place , friendly staff , and relaxing atmosphere .	staff	positive
other than that great place , friendly staff , and relaxing atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
well , maybe they are but the food is not .	food	negative
great deal , great service from start to finish !	service	positive
waitress explained menu very well and gave some suggestions .	waitress	positive
waitress explained menu very well and gave some suggestions .	menu	positive
food overpriced , no service , dark dingy atmosphere .	food	negative
food overpriced , no service , dark dingy atmosphere .	service	negative
food overpriced , no service , dark dingy atmosphere .	atmosphere	negative
this place is one of a kind .	place	positive
this has to be the worst tex-mex i 've ever had .	tex-mex	negative
then we got there to pick it up and the front grill was gone .	front grill	negative
our appetizer was also cold , and not even good .	appetizer	negative
chips and salsa are tasty too !	chips	positive
chips and salsa are tasty too !	salsa	positive
great selection of designers and the employees are very helpful .	selection of designers	positive
great selection of designers and the employees are very helpful .	employees	positive
he had my x-ray & asked me why i think i need surgery .	x-ray	positive
the owner , alan , is honest and very easy to work with .	owner	positive
the ride attendants were fun and engaging with the children for the most part .	ride attendants	positive
i am looking for recommendations of decent pizza delivery in south scottsdale .	pizza delivery	positive
i love vito 's .	vito	positive
what i find remarkable is the prices .	prices	positive
the drinks are reasonably priced , the food , truly fantastic too .	drinks	positive
the drinks are reasonably priced , the food , truly fantastic too .	priced	positive
the drinks are reasonably priced , the food , truly fantastic too .	food	positive
i 'm hoping our next dining experience here will be better .	dining experience	positive
i really like this place and will return in the future .	place	positive
then , you ca n't even pay with a debit card .	debit card	negative
the best burritos ever .	burritos	positive
i feel sorry for the next person who ordered the same drink .	drink	negative
the chili shrimp roll is phenomenal .	chili shrimp roll	positive
the service here is the worst .	service	negative
they actually have good beer on tap , or available in cans and bottles .	beer on tap	positive
worst kfc service ever .	kfc service	negative
zero ice anywhere !	ice	negative
no sign of the manager .	manager	negative
everything was delicious and perfectly cooked .	cooked	positive
the wings and blt was right on .	wings	positive
the wings and blt was right on .	blt	positive
absolutely in love with this place .	place	positive
we can not afford to just buy one more ticket .	ticket	negative
they also offer a shuttle ride to the ball park .	shuttle ride	positive
they also offer a shuttle ride to the ball park .	ball park	positive
fixes cars right .	cars	negative
there are many other spots that could have been created for this purpose .	spots	negative
price is definitely worth it .	price	positive
service is amazing and staff is extremely knowledgeable .	service	positive
service is amazing and staff is extremely knowledgeable .	staff	positive
the lounge is always fun and the regulars are very friendly .	lounge	positive
the lounge is always fun and the regulars are very friendly .	regulars	positive
portions are huge , my wife and i always share .	portions	positive
awesome place with a very cool ambiance .	place	positive
awesome place with a very cool ambiance .	ambiance	positive
we had also asked that our dogs had no group time with other dogs .	dogs	negative
great country food .	country food	positive
the staff are very friendly and will help you with anything you need .	staff	positive
everything was great with special care from the server and management .	server	positive
everything was great with special care from the server and management .	management	positive
when you have room for dessert , their cannolis & mousse are solid choices .	dessert	positive
when you have room for dessert , their cannolis & mousse are solid choices .	cannolis & mousse	positive
minor detail but it could easily be fixed .	detail	negative
cruise america completely ruined our vacation .	cruise	negative
there was barely any meat in the pho .	meat	negative
there was barely any meat in the pho .	pho	negative
i got the sea bass as an entree and it was great !	sea bass	positive
i got the sea bass as an entree and it was great !	entree	positive
the food was excellent and authentic .	food	positive
great food , large coffee selection , and the best environment .	food	positive
great food , large coffee selection , and the best environment .	coffee selection	positive
great food , large coffee selection , and the best environment .	environment	positive
the short ribs were amazing , as were the baby carrots .	baby carrots	positive
the live accordion music was the perfect addition to the ambiance .	live accordion music	positive
the live accordion music was the perfect addition to the ambiance .	ambiance	positive
got an internet quote and set an appointment .	quote	positive
yes , people , she 's that good .	people	positive
i highly recommend this bar !	bar	positive
do n't waste your time with this place !	place	positive
our waiter did n't even raise an eyebrow .	waiter	positive
excellent , make sure you try the garlic bread .	garlic bread	positive
tonight a new guy took care of us and was amazing .	guy	positive
we will not be going to this location again .	location	negative
even better people !	people	positive
the sundaes looked like delectable old-fashioned fun .	sundaes	positive
fast , quality alterations at an affordable price .	quality	positive
fast , quality alterations at an affordable price .	price	positive
the place is busy on wednesdays and fridays .	place	negative
beds are alright , but seriously , that sheet ruined the stay for me .	beds	positive
beds are alright , but seriously , that sheet ruined the stay for me .	sheet	negative
beds are alright , but seriously , that sheet ruined the stay for me .	stay	negative
came as part of a large wedding party and the service was outstanding !	wedding	positive
came as part of a large wedding party and the service was outstanding !	service	positive
we had a great meal there for our anniversary .	meal	positive
this place is gross .	place	positive
i always have a great dish here to eat .	dish	positive
other than the duck , everything we tried was delicious .	duck	positive
they always have live music , a good crowd and cheap drinks !	live music	positive
they always have live music , a good crowd and cheap drinks !	crowd	positive
they always have live music , a good crowd and cheap drinks !	drinks	positive
this place is a nightmare .	place	negative
i am so happy with my skin !	skin	positive
the service was great , the food was awesome .	service	positive
the service was great , the food was awesome .	food	positive
i 'm a charge nurse in an emergency room .	charge nurse	negative
zipps can take care of that for you .	zipps	positive
they were rude to each other and to the customers .	customers	negative
unbelievably terrible and slow service .	service	negative
you can hang your hat on their outstanding and `` honest '' service .	service	positive
it was a fun time .	time	positive
ignored for a good _num_ minutes in a half empty restaurant .	restaurant	negative
wings are also amazing .	wings	positive
the beans are pretty bad actually , as is the salsa .	beans	negative
the beans are pretty bad actually , as is the salsa .	salsa	negative
was very happy with the lobster udon , and carpaccio was to die for .	lobster udon	positive
was very happy with the lobster udon , and carpaccio was to die for .	carpaccio	positive
chicken was chewy and cold .	chicken	negative
owner and manager attempted to charge my credit card with the additional fee .	owner	negative
owner and manager attempted to charge my credit card with the additional fee .	manager	negative
owner and manager attempted to charge my credit card with the additional fee .	fee	negative
love d pizza it 's yum !	pizza	positive
_num_ ) check the mens restroom !	mens restroom	positive
well worth the _num_ minute wait to get a table .	wait	positive
well worth the _num_ minute wait to get a table .	table	positive
got the tuscan omelette and added bacon .	tuscan omelette	positive
got the tuscan omelette and added bacon .	bacon	positive
the acoustics on stage while listening to the symphony were wonderful .	acoustics	positive
they offered me another deal with another bank at _num_ % interest .	bank	negative
they sure take your money quickly but that 's all they do .	money	negative
that 's where the positives stop .	positives	positive
the meat was bland .	meat	negative
my friend got an omelette and i got the eggs benedict with smoked salmon .	omelette	positive
my friend got an omelette and i got the eggs benedict with smoked salmon .	eggs benedict with smoked salmon	positive
best gluten free pizza crust i 've ever had .	gluten	positive
best gluten free pizza crust i 've ever had .	pizza crust	positive
no thanks , there 's too much competition to lack in service like this .	service	negative
looking forward to renting a property managed by true professionals .	property	positive
good dudes , good burritos .	dudes	positive
good dudes , good burritos .	burritos	positive
wish _num_ stars was an option .	wish	positive
what a fun place .	place	positive
for desert we had the chocolate lava cake .	desert	positive
for desert we had the chocolate lava cake .	chocolate lava cake	positive
the staff is excellent , attentive and pleasant .	staff	positive
the green chili pot and sliders are worth checking out .	green chili pot	positive
the green chili pot and sliders are worth checking out .	sliders	positive
you can tell this dough is made fresh .	dough	positive
- only _num_ drink cart for _num_ courses ?	drink cart for	positive
the bartenders and servers were really friendly as well .	bartenders	positive
the bartenders and servers were really friendly as well .	servers	positive
what sucks worse then having terrible food when this hungry ?	food	negative
best mexican food i 've found in mesa .	mexican food	positive
great place !	place	positive
ordered the nachos and the veggie enchiladas , and _num_ margaritas .	nachos	positive
ordered the nachos and the veggie enchiladas , and _num_ margaritas .	veggie enchiladas	positive
bathrooms were not stocked and filthy .	bathrooms	negative
there is something very wrong with the food this place serves .	food	negative
service is excellent : friendly and timely .	service	positive
my husband had the salmon and it was delicious .	salmon	positive
friendly service .	service	positive
i have never experienced such slow service before .	service	positive
on to the food , my wife 's portion to the feast was salad .	food	positive
on to the food , my wife 's portion to the feast was salad .	portion	positive
on to the food , my wife 's portion to the feast was salad .	feast	positive
on to the food , my wife 's portion to the feast was salad .	salad	positive
great job keep up the good work !	job	positive
great job keep up the good work !	work	positive
i trust them with my cloths .	cloths	positive
was very impressed with their beer selection .	beer selection	positive
but they are horribly unorganized and have serious customer service issues .	customer service	negative
the front desk was very kind and helpful but the dr was very rude .	front desk	positive
the front desk was very kind and helpful but the dr was very rude .	dr	negative
this place rocks .	place	positive
he had definately raised the price on my lunch meal by $ _num_ !	price	negative
he had definately raised the price on my lunch meal by $ _num_ !	lunch meal	negative
ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .	joes	negative
the wings there are good .	wings	positive
also , i have n't had many great experiences with the staff here .	staff	negative
the course is well kept and reasonably priced .	course	positive
the course is well kept and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
at any rate , the taste of the glaze was good ... very good .	taste	positive
at any rate , the taste of the glaze was good ... very good .	glaze	positive
i would rather eat at mcdonalds than this place .	mcdonalds	negative
i would rather eat at mcdonalds than this place .	place	negative
the service is lacking too .	service	negative
the au jus was sub par and the sandwich was cold .	au jus	negative
the au jus was sub par and the sandwich was cold .	sandwich	negative
worse then the food & watered down drinks was the horrible horrible service .	food	negative
worse then the food & watered down drinks was the horrible horrible service .	drinks	negative
worse then the food & watered down drinks was the horrible horrible service .	service	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
ew , this place has gotten so cheesy , or has it always been ?	place	positive
first time in _num_ years i 've found a tasty place to go .	place	positive
this place is amazing and would recommend it to anyone and everyone .	place	positive
best dentist i have ever been to !	dentist	positive
she took all the warranty cards my rings and went up to the counter .	warranty cards	positive
she took all the warranty cards my rings and went up to the counter .	rings	negative
she took all the warranty cards my rings and went up to the counter .	counter	negative
the service is literally terrible every single time .	service	negative
if you hate helping customers so much , quit your job !	customers	negative
aloha pineapple is also amazing !	aloha pineapple	positive
the best word for this place is sleazy .	place	negative
best sushi in mesa with great people and delicious food .	sushi in	positive
best sushi in mesa with great people and delicious food .	people	positive
best sushi in mesa with great people and delicious food .	food	positive
all in all we paid _num_ dollars for _num_ hours use of the room .	room	positive
they have the worst customer service ever !	customer service	negative
just remember to tip well , its worth it !	tip	positive
the hotel is close to a lot of shopping and wonderful restaurants .	hotel	positive
the hotel is close to a lot of shopping and wonderful restaurants .	restaurants	positive
the building is always clean and the staff is always friendly .	building	positive
the building is always clean and the staff is always friendly .	staff	positive
i would not recommend this company to anyone .	company	negative
we had egg flour soup , crab puffs and chicken with broccoli .	egg flour soup	positive
we had egg flour soup , crab puffs and chicken with broccoli .	crab puffs	positive
we had egg flour soup , crab puffs and chicken with broccoli .	chicken with broccoli	positive
they just want your money and do n't give a crap about the students .	money	negative
they just want your money and do n't give a crap about the students .	students	negative
their grilled cheese is amazing .	grilled cheese	positive
i could n't even chew through some bites .	bites	negative
this place is amazing !	place	positive
this is a great restaurant !	restaurant	positive
this is the best place in town for sports events with huge screens everywhere .	sports	positive
this is the best place in town for sports events with huge screens everywhere .	screens	positive
the decor is awesome and gives the place a lot of character .	decor	positive
the decor is awesome and gives the place a lot of character .	place	positive
the employees are cool and make you feel at home .	employees	positive
the price was great too .	price	positive
i absolutely love this place !	place	positive
i had to say something ( in attempts to represent us customers ) .	customers	negative
best tow ever !	tow	positive
so friendly to our dog !	dog	positive
best bar in az period .	bar in az	positive
also a very good portion and good food .	portion	positive
also a very good portion and good food .	food	positive
i trimmed away so much bread that had meat nowhere by it .	bread	negative
i trimmed away so much bread that had meat nowhere by it .	meat	negative
double dragon shrimp were fantastic .	double dragon shrimp	positive
love this place !	place	positive
price was $ _num_ , times two , since we both ordered this .	price	negative
salmon & rice was excellent .	salmon & rice	positive
traditional margaritas are very good .	traditional margaritas	positive
shawn is the best and very honest with his product line .	product line	positive
the management response to this review will not change our minds .	management	positive
the inside is , again , a little ... different .	inside	negative
love love love this place .	place	positive
the quality and customer service is perfection .	quality	positive
the quality and customer service is perfection .	customer service	positive
great appetizer , the green mary lou .	appetizer	positive
great appetizer , the green mary lou .	green mary lou	positive
the potions are huge and the rice was amazing !	potions	positive
the potions are huge and the rice was amazing !	rice	positive
there is no reason someone should be told _num_ different prices on one tree .	prices	negative
i ordered _num_ beef tacos .	beef tacos	positive
i love this place , so friendly , always greeted with a smile .	place	positive
got my suit and jeans altered ... great job .	suit	positive
got my suit and jeans altered ... great job .	jeans	positive
food is not that great .	food	negative
the staff is extremely friendly .	staff	positive
they have lost a good customer .	customer	negative
consistently one of my favorite spots which keeps me coming back year after year .	spots	positive
my sister and i also split the crab legs and filet .	crab legs	positive
my sister and i also split the crab legs and filet .	filet	positive
my partner and i do not know much about cars .	cars	negative
the young girl behind the counter never looked me in the eye .	counter	negative
food was amazing !	food	positive
the environment is very clean , and has modern play areas .	environment	positive
the environment is very clean , and has modern play areas .	play areas	positive
tortilla soup is so so good .	tortilla soup	positive
i am so glad i found this place !	place	positive
all reasonably priced with a great wine selection .	priced	positive
all reasonably priced with a great wine selection .	wine selection	positive
i love this salon .	salon	positive
simply the best bike shop i 've been to .	bike shop	positive
not needed at all , the place was empty .	place	negative
nicely done rooms and good service .	rooms	positive
nicely done rooms and good service .	service	positive
customer service has always been great when i go .	customer service	positive
all the food is very classic american style and delicious .	food	positive
very nice staff considering the aesthetics of the little place .	staff	positive
very nice staff considering the aesthetics of the little place .	aesthetics	positive
very nice staff considering the aesthetics of the little place .	place	positive
this place is my new favorite beer and wings bar .	beer	positive
this place is my new favorite beer and wings bar .	wings bar	positive
also , their margaritas are n't anything special .	margaritas	negative
one of the worst venues to see a concert .	venues	negative
you could taste the fresh herbs .	herbs	positive
do n't come here if you 're on a diet .	diet	negative
great margaritas and the carne adovada plate is amazing !	margaritas	positive
great margaritas and the carne adovada plate is amazing !	carne adovada plate	positive
the asada was amazing !	asada	positive
can wait to try happy hr !	hr	positive
and while i thought the flavor was good , the execution was sloppy .	flavor	positive
and while i thought the flavor was good , the execution was sloppy .	execution	negative
the girl on the phone was pleasant and the food arrive fast and hot .	girl	positive
the girl on the phone was pleasant and the food arrive fast and hot .	food	positive
this is my third time here and everytime service has been slow at best .	service	negative
we signed a _num_ month lease and the first few months were pure bliss .	lease	positive
this place is a favorite on days off for lunch together .	lunch	positive
the fish was fried ok , but that 's not rocket science .	fish	negative
my wife and i got our first puppy from a rescue .	puppy	positive
excellent staff all around .	staff	positive
they have the best breakfast tacos and the tortillas are home-made .	breakfast tacos	positive
they have the best breakfast tacos and the tortillas are home-made .	tortillas	positive
i was glad there was no wait , which actually surprised me .	wait	positive
we sat at the bar and had great service .	service	positive
which is rare in any health related field .	health	negative
i did not pick this place , met some people there that picked it .	place	negative
sort of crappy service .	service	negative
good vibes , good italian fare , great service .	vibes	positive
good vibes , good italian fare , great service .	italian fare	positive
good vibes , good italian fare , great service .	service	positive
the place is small and comfortable and i felt at home .	place	negative
the dinners were perfect - pork and lamb .	dinners	positive
the dinners were perfect - pork and lamb .	pork	positive
the dinners were perfect - pork and lamb .	lamb	positive
an excellent spa for the ultimate in pampering and relaxation .	spa	positive
love the food love the staff .	food	positive
love the food love the staff .	staff	positive
the seats are far from luxurious but they are comfortable enough .	seats	negative
furniture handles missing .	furniture	negative
the most unfriendly place i have ever been in .	place	positive
highly recommend this cute place for a weekend breakfast .	breakfast	positive
morning , afternoon or night , zipps is a great place .	zipps	positive
which was sort of like a bowl of enchilada sauce .	bowl of enchilada sauce	negative
this bar is n't young and hip but it is a blast !	bar	positive
this place is full of integrity and good food too !	food	positive
this place does not deliver .	place	negative
it definitely caters to college kids -- cheap eats and open past bar closing .	eats	positive
it definitely caters to college kids -- cheap eats and open past bar closing .	bar closing	positive
this goodwill is a nice one .	goodwill	positive
we topped off our own wine glasses every time .	wine glasses	positive
i thought the order was okay .	order	positive
cox is not your friend in the internet age .	cox	negative
the service was poor ( slow , order came out wrong ) .	service	negative
clean and comfortable seating , clean restrooms and decent acoustics .	seating	positive
clean and comfortable seating , clean restrooms and decent acoustics .	restrooms	positive
clean and comfortable seating , clean restrooms and decent acoustics .	acoustics	positive
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	drinks	positive
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	pour	positive
the bartender alex was great .	bartender alex	positive
girls are nice and fast !	girls	positive
seriously , sliced rye bread .	sliced rye bread	positive
the iced tea is amazing !	iced tea	positive
overall , a world class customer experience .	customer	positive
our food was cold and my vegetarian dish was awful .	food	negative
our food was cold and my vegetarian dish was awful .	vegetarian dish	negative
great room options all differently decorated !	room options	positive
i later find out she was having lunch on my time .	lunch	positive
lovely space .	space	positive
the pools are relaxing and fun to spend time at .	pools	positive
the fish , like so many of us , had just given up .	fish	negative
the house salad was boring and plain and well ... nothing special !	house salad	negative
always clean , friendly , and good food .	food	positive
this course is one of the finest in the area .	course	positive
so in short , horrible location , horrible food , horrible ambience .	location	negative
so in short , horrible location , horrible food , horrible ambience .	food	negative
so in short , horrible location , horrible food , horrible ambience .	ambience	negative
the salads are good , but the mac & cheese side dish is phenomenal .	salads	positive
the salads are good , but the mac & cheese side dish is phenomenal .	mac & cheese side dish	positive
i love this place they 're so helpful , attentive and great price .	place	positive
i love this place they 're so helpful , attentive and great price .	price	positive
the service here is so lovely and accommodating .	service	positive
staff was exceptional and made us feel welcome .	staff	positive
i could not cut the rack of ribs with a steak knife !	rack of ribs	negative
i could not cut the rack of ribs with a steak knife !	steak knife	negative
ryan did my tattoo and he did an amazing job !	tattoo	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
the acoustics were not very good in my opinion .	acoustics	negative
and they have an awful odor coming out of their kitchen .	odor	negative
and they have an awful odor coming out of their kitchen .	kitchen	negative
the stuffed burgers they sell , awesome .	stuffed burgers	positive
it 's cluttered with beer cans and the smell of dead fish !	beer cans	negative
it 's cluttered with beer cans and the smell of dead fish !	smell	negative
we had such a great dinner here !	dinner	positive
have started going back and it is still the best food and great price .	food	positive
have started going back and it is still the best food and great price .	price	positive
not worth the money for the experience we had .	money	negative
i recommend this place to everyone it 's really good very good flavor !	flavor	positive
i am still fighting the fees .	fees	negative
the bacon , egg , and potato burrito is fabulous !	bacon	positive
the bacon , egg , and potato burrito is fabulous !	egg	positive
the bacon , egg , and potato burrito is fabulous !	potato burrito	positive
i have always been very happy with this office !	office	positive
i certainly recommend this restaurant !	restaurant	positive
good tv channels , comfy bed , free wifi , & a free breakfast .	bed	positive
good tv channels , comfy bed , free wifi , & a free breakfast .	wifi	positive
good tv channels , comfy bed , free wifi , & a free breakfast .	breakfast	positive
and lets face it , their merchandise is not cheap .	merchandise	negative
the staff is always super friendly .	staff	positive
i also asked for no beans and they threw them all over my plate .	beans	negative
i also asked for no beans and they threw them all over my plate .	plate	negative
the salsa did not impress me , tomato based salsa not many options here .	salsa	negative
the salsa did not impress me , tomato based salsa not many options here .	tomato based salsa	negative
the food here is okay .	food	positive
restaurant is small and popular .	restaurant	negative
the food actually impressed me !	food	positive
we enjoy the swedish meatballs , nachos and such .	swedish meatballs	positive
we enjoy the swedish meatballs , nachos and such .	nachos	positive
realistic & fair pricing .	pricing	positive
the ribs were especially good .	ribs	positive
don carson and his staff have hit a `` grand slam ! ''	staff	positive
the drinks are good .	drinks	positive
the food quality is , overall , poor .	food quality	negative
slow service , gyoza came out cold .	service	negative
thanks toms bbq for doing it right !	toms bbq	positive
terrible food ... strike two !	food	negative
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	color	positive
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	skin	positive
they do not really cater to food allergies .	food	negative
the service was friendly and warm -- the food was amazing .	service	positive
the service was friendly and warm -- the food was amazing .	food	positive
the steaks were not cheap so we were very disappointed .	steaks	negative
really enjoyed my first trip to this store !	store	positive
excellent waitress , tasty food !	waitress	positive
excellent waitress , tasty food !	food	positive
the staff is super friendly and they know what they are doing !	staff	positive
the rib 's i buy from the supermarket tasted better .	rib 's	positive
the pool areas are small but very nice .	pool areas	negative
the gyros are ok but the staff is rude .	gyros	negative
the gyros are ok but the staff is rude .	staff	negative
it 's like they could care less about their customers .	customers	negative
the ingredients are low quality -- i.e .	ingredients	negative
it 's kind of hidden behind a restaurant and office buildings .	office buildings	negative
an arizona classic .	arizona	positive
no further service during this time .	service	negative
that 's the only reason the rating is so low .	rating	negative
the crab taco special was marginal , very little crab .	crab taco special	negative
this is a great place that always serves up delicious food and drinks .	place	positive
this is a great place that always serves up delicious food and drinks .	food	positive
this is a great place that always serves up delicious food and drinks .	drinks	positive
i had _num_ work shirts that my company gave me and they fit awful .	work shirts	negative
located upstairs within the steven paul salon is a waxing genius !	salon	positive
great place for lunch .	lunch	positive
this place is a rip off .	place	positive
thanks shannon !	shannon	positive
they also have a great selection of eyewear .	selection of eyewear	positive
their sides are fantastic .	sides	positive
worst sonic ever !	sonic	negative
love the product , hate the customers in this area .	product	positive
love the product , hate the customers in this area .	customers	negative
please know that this is a dog friendly restaurant .	dog	positive
which is stupid because money is money , right ?	money	negative
she knows her product and customers so well .	product	positive
she knows her product and customers so well .	customers	positive
inattentive servers , empty glasses , empty plates .	servers	negative
inattentive servers , empty glasses , empty plates .	glasses	negative
inattentive servers , empty glasses , empty plates .	plates	negative
no real cheese flavor , totally disappointed but ate it anyway .	cheese flavor	negative
the food and wine is delicious !	food	positive
the food and wine is delicious !	wine	positive
service was great but the food was merely good ... not great .	service	positive
service was great but the food was merely good ... not great .	food	negative
great service , great recommendations and even tastier food !	service	positive
great service , great recommendations and even tastier food !	food	positive
the tenderloin was perfect and the burger was huge .	tenderloin	positive
the tenderloin was perfect and the burger was huge .	burger	positive
i will be going back when in the area for sure !	area	positive
i regret coming here because the customer service is terrible .	customer service	negative
my favorite is the mongolian beef extra sauce !	mongolian beef extra sauce	positive
he does n't carry any sport bike parts .	sport bike parts	negative
absolutely the best gyro i 've had in phoenix .	gyro	positive
the garlic toast is greasy and kid food .	garlic toast	negative
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .	place	positive
they were not willing to show an apartment .	apartment	negative
another regular customer run off by the new manager , susan .	manager	positive
mom loved the place !	place	positive
the setting of this place is pretty cool because you are under ground .	setting	positive
the setting of this place is pretty cool because you are under ground .	place	positive
_num_ ) the building is infested with roaches !	building	negative
_num_ ) the building is infested with roaches !	roaches	negative
our server was knowledgable about the menu and friendly .	server	positive
our server was knowledgable about the menu and friendly .	menu	positive
but this pizza is amazing !	pizza	positive
wonderfully unique atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the service is very friendly and it 's a great atmosphere .	service	positive
the service is very friendly and it 's a great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
our waiter was attentive , friendly and had a good sense of humor .	waiter	positive
best apple fritters around .	apple fritters	positive
it made for the perfect night out in old town scottsdale .	night	positive
i loved the sugar bowl !	sugar bowl	positive
still one of my favorite places for sushi and sake .	sushi	positive
still one of my favorite places for sushi and sake .	sake	positive
everything on the menu is top notch !	menu	positive
poor form .	form	negative
the employees at the pharmacy are rude and disrespectful .	employees	negative
bone-in ribeye was awesome !	ribeye	positive
great selection of beers and the food is amazing .	selection of beers	positive
great selection of beers and the food is amazing .	food	positive
was our waiter he was absolutely great !	waiter	positive
this venue is fantastic .	venue	positive
the food is not good .	food	negative
free mimosa = just ok mimosa .	mimosa	positive
free mimosa = just ok mimosa .	mimosa	positive
great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
if you are looking for a great stylist , ask for helen !	helen	positive
there were no x-rays taken .	x-rays	negative
worst service i 've ever experienced at a restaurant .	service	negative
best general tso 's chicken ?	general tso 's chicken	positive
the food was unfortunately a huge disappointment .	food	negative
their happy hour has pretty awesome deals .	deals	positive
everyone is very nice and professional .	everyone	positive
i would not go back to this salon .	salon	negative
portions are adequate , and served in a timely fashion .	portions	positive
portions are adequate , and served in a timely fashion .	served	positive
thanks for all you do helen !	helen	positive
my husband order a plate of albacore again .	plate of albacore	positive
this is high quality dry cleaning .	dry cleaning	positive
the noodles are always just right and just saucy enough .	noodles	positive
fabulous service tonight and it was crowded !	service	negative
every part of the meal was flavorful , fresh , and cooked perfectly .	meal	positive
the owner is very friendly and helpful .	owner	positive
gorgeous views , hiking available behind the property and really awesome dining .	views	positive
gorgeous views , hiking available behind the property and really awesome dining .	dining	positive
- _num_ star - decor .	decor	positive
looking for a latin live band and vibrant environment ?	latin live band	positive
looking for a latin live band and vibrant environment ?	environment	positive
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	office	negative
finally another server asked me if i needed one .	server	negative
i like that they have a great selection .	selection	positive
best wings ever !	wings	positive
my hairstylist is amanda and she always gives me the best cut .	hairstylist	positive
my hairstylist is amanda and she always gives me the best cut .	cut	positive
also do the breakfast grilled cheese - best sandwich ever !	breakfast grilled cheese	positive
also do the breakfast grilled cheese - best sandwich ever !	sandwich	positive
stetson salad !	stetson salad	positive
about half of the slides require the use of an inner tube .	slides	negative
about half of the slides require the use of an inner tube .	tube	negative
so i went to the front desk , asking `` how much longer ?	front	negative
i found the sushi to be above average .	sushi	positive
citrus juice blends are delicious .	citrus juice blends	positive
service is great .	service	positive
aside from refills on drinks we did n't see our server the entire time .	drinks	negative
aside from refills on drinks we did n't see our server the entire time .	server	negative
wonderful home made bread and dough ( yogurt drink ) .	bread	positive
the owner mike is very nice and knowledgeable about all of his inventory .	owner	positive
the owner mike is very nice and knowledgeable about all of his inventory .	inventory	positive
i am a _num_ second customer .	customer	positive
i ordered a pizza on-line and it was delivered promptly and it was great .	pizza	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
great place to eat !	place	positive
panang curry was the most perfect level of spice but only consisted of chicken .	panang curry	positive
panang curry was the most perfect level of spice but only consisted of chicken .	chicken	positive
strong margaritas .	margaritas	positive
your mouth will thank me !	mouth	positive
does the state really even know about this place ?	place	negative
this place is worth the trip .	place	positive
one of my favorite pizza places !	pizza places	positive
however , the wait is well worth it .	wait	positive
excellent service here !	service	positive
there are so many cool things to check out in the cars here .	cars	positive
another favorite item of mine is their mozzarella sticks .	mozzarella sticks	positive
i hate hate hate this pizza hut !	pizza hut	negative
property is clean and quiet .	property	positive
the margs were good .	margs	positive
eventually our table was moved , but it took a while .	table	negative
terrible conditions .	conditions	negative
it is not mexican food !	mexican food	negative
great prices .	prices	positive
keep the river clean !	river	positive
for a great mexican meal , not so much .	mexican meal	positive
smoked beef is the best .	smoked beef	positive
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .	way	positive
they used to have great deals on something almost every time you went .	deals	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
but it works with the food !	food	positive
the fries were unremarkable .	fries	negative
the menu had a variety of choices with something to please everyone .	menu	positive
the hashbrowns were also crisp and well seasoned .	hashbrowns	positive
really enjoyed the pizza !	pizza	positive
the room is loud and crowded .	room	negative
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !	carne asada steak	positive
the food was still wonderful , full of taste and the kick of heat .	food	positive
too much produce is coming from south of the border and tastes terrible .	produce	negative
very good food .	food	positive
the sweet 'n spicy pulled pork is excellent !	sweet 'n spicy pulled pork	positive
avoid this place .	place	negative
the waitresses do n't know how to serve properly and they 're pretty rude .	waitresses	negative
best donuts in arizona .	donuts	positive
the yellow tail , tuna , salmon , rainbow rolls are all amazing !	yellow tail , tuna	positive
the yellow tail , tuna , salmon , rainbow rolls are all amazing !	salmon , rainbow rolls	positive
i have to admit that its the best place to hang out .	place	positive
next on plate was the fettuccine alfredo pasta .	plate	positive
next on plate was the fettuccine alfredo pasta .	fettuccine alfredo pasta	positive
we will spend our money elsewhere .	money	negative
i thought he was kidding but he was actually annoyed that i wanted delivery .	delivery	negative
our server tara was so sweet , classy & attentive .	server	positive
we probably made a mistake ordering sushi at a korean bbq joint .	sushi	negative
we probably made a mistake ordering sushi at a korean bbq joint .	korean bbq joint	negative
best steaks , best salads ( blue cheese ) , and great fast service .	steaks	positive
best steaks , best salads ( blue cheese ) , and great fast service .	salads ( blue cheese )	positive
best steaks , best salads ( blue cheese ) , and great fast service .	service	positive
watch your wallet here and trust no one who works there .	wallet	negative
love this little gem !	gem	positive
i 'm done exploring hotels in the area , i found a winner !	hotels	positive
we enjoyed fresh garlic butter bread while we decided on our meal .	garlic butter bread	positive
we enjoyed fresh garlic butter bread while we decided on our meal .	meal	positive
you lost customers for life .	customers	negative
it took exactly _num_ minutes for us to get our plates .	plates	negative
my son loves this school .	school	positive
i would honestly give this place zero stars if i could .	place	negative
the food we got was very good , flavorful and large portion sizes .	food	positive
the food we got was very good , flavorful and large portion sizes .	portion sizes	positive
so many great choices , i 'll have to come back for more !	choices	positive
the staff are so sweet .	staff	positive
this is a delicious pizza place !	pizza place	positive
quick , courteous and tasty , this jack in the crack delivers every time .	jack	positive
the services was impeccable , and the food is to die for .	services	positive
the services was impeccable , and the food is to die for .	food	positive
great sandwiches at a great location .	sandwiches	positive
great sandwiches at a great location .	location	positive
we took advantage of the happy hour an dinner menu .	dinner menu	positive
clean hotel , great accommodations , you will be treated like family here !	hotel	positive
clean hotel , great accommodations , you will be treated like family here !	accommodations	positive
the staff was knowledgeable and friendly .	staff	positive
seriously , i 've had crackers with more flavor .	crackers	positive
seriously , i 've had crackers with more flavor .	flavor	positive
great place to buy a car !	car	positive
the grilled shrimp one was not grilled or seasoned .	grilled shrimp	negative
all you need to know : fresh fish .	fish	positive
i love this place ; the owners are friendly and the burritos are excellent .	place	positive
i love this place ; the owners are friendly and the burritos are excellent .	owners	positive
i love this place ; the owners are friendly and the burritos are excellent .	burritos	positive
perfect way to spend time , getting some sun and inspiration and natural beauty .	sun	positive
rude service .	service	negative
such a waste of money .	money	negative
nasty filet mignon .	filet mignon	negative
food was amazing .	food	positive
we had the pancakes and wild mushroom omelette ( with avocado ! )	pancakes	positive
maybe it was the horribly loud music ; maybe the surreal atmosphere .	music	negative
maybe it was the horribly loud music ; maybe the surreal atmosphere .	atmosphere	negative
very good pizza !	pizza	positive
came home to find the sundae nearly melted and there was n't enough fudge .	sundae	negative
came home to find the sundae nearly melted and there was n't enough fudge .	fudge	negative
a wonderful spot for an evening of food outdoors .	spot	positive
a wonderful spot for an evening of food outdoors .	food	positive
i called camping world mesa and got no satisfaction .	camping world mesa	negative
mickey 's rocks .	mickey	positive
one of the meals was so overcooked it had to be sent back .	meals	negative
excellent wine list , great friendly service and a smart , friendly crowd .	wine list	positive
excellent wine list , great friendly service and a smart , friendly crowd .	service	positive
excellent wine list , great friendly service and a smart , friendly crowd .	crowd	positive
great for an afternoon stop .	stop	positive
chandler auto body is a great place to take your car for body work .	body	positive
unless you go to chandler high , skip this place .	place	negative
love this place !	place	positive
everything was amazing and service was professional but easy going .	service	positive
recently i have noticed the quality of the food has gone way down .	quality	negative
recently i have noticed the quality of the food has gone way down .	food	negative
that was a complete waste of time and money .	money	negative
i asked why did not bill it to the coupon provided .	coupon	negative
the first round draft in gilbert is awful !	draft	negative
i am also from california and am always looking for good tart yogurt .	tart yogurt	positive
i actually crave these rolls .	rolls	positive
really fine fusion restaurant .	fusion restaurant	positive
obviously they are not in need of business .	business	negative
it is charming and the people are wonderful to work with !	people	positive
simple home style food .	home style food	positive
i have never been so impressed with a team of employees including the management .	employees	positive
i have never been so impressed with a team of employees including the management .	management	positive
no water refills , wine that was ordered never arrived .	water refills	negative
no water refills , wine that was ordered never arrived .	wine	negative
running all over like they own the place .	place	negative
best unique breakfast / brunch / lunch spot .	breakfast / brunch / lunch spot	positive
the shelves are well stocked .	shelves	positive
who does this , no other apartment complex 's do .	apartment complex	positive
i received a gift card for christmas and ended up here .	gift	positive
this is a wide spread problem among nail salons .	nail	negative
very happy with my purchase and will definitely return again .	purchase	positive
the service was excellent .	service	positive
it is just sad to see such a waste of prime real estate !	real estate	negative
all in all , love this place !	place	positive
such a nice guy who owns the place .	guy	positive
such a nice guy who owns the place .	place	positive
it must be the delicious thin and flavorful crusts baked to perfection .	crusts	positive
it came with two generous scoops of rice and a few fried wonton .	fried wonton	positive
for our sides we chose green beans , coleslaw , bbq beans .	green beans , coleslaw , bbq beans	positive
i will purchase here again and recommend to friends .	purchase	positive
i drank some habanero ipa and burned my throat .	habanero ipa	negative
they are clean and fast and the food is always fresh .	food	positive
after a _num_ minute wait we received our food and the sliders were meatball .	food	negative
after a _num_ minute wait we received our food and the sliders were meatball .	sliders	negative
btw their sale was really nice .	sale	positive
no customer service skills and serious lack of talent .	customer service	negative
the beef was juicy and flavorful , and the salsa was spicy and mouth-watering .	beef	positive
the beef was juicy and flavorful , and the salsa was spicy and mouth-watering .	salsa	positive
to start , malee 's atmosphere was not bad .	atmosphere	positive
there are a couple friendly dogs there as well so there too .	dogs	positive
delicious drinks too !	drinks	positive
if you 're going to own a business learn how to treat customers idiot !	customers	negative
awesome cornbread for a starter .	cornbread	positive
i was told that this was one of the best dry cleaners in scottsdale .	dry cleaners	positive
really fresh bagel , fluffy egg , fresh tasting .	bagel ,	positive
will definitely return when meeting up for lunch !	lunch	positive
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	pizza	positive
but the manicure was even worse !	manicure	positive
gary had the bacon , egg and cheese sandwich and chilli cheese fries .	bacon , egg and cheese sandwich	positive
gary had the bacon , egg and cheese sandwich and chilli cheese fries .	chilli cheese fries	positive
this place is horribly managed .	place	negative
terrible customer service .	customer service	negative
what great new equipment !	equipment	positive
i totally trust her and my dog always looks so cute .	dog	positive
the service is great i will definitely come back when i need tires .	service	positive
i guess i 'll have to find another place to do my dry cleaning .	dry cleaning	negative
would n't a general cleaning be better than nothing at all ?	general cleaning	negative
the chicken and other meats ( steak especially ) was very flavorless as well .	chicken	negative
the chicken and other meats ( steak especially ) was very flavorless as well .	meats	negative
the chicken and other meats ( steak especially ) was very flavorless as well .	steak	negative
it will make your meal an adventure !	meal	positive
we all come here for the same reason , great food and atmosphere .	food	positive
we all come here for the same reason , great food and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	worker	negative
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	customer	negative
had a problem with someone stealing my daughters social security number .	social security number	negative
joes sucks now , spend your money else where .	money	negative
great food , great service , great ambience !	food	positive
great food , great service , great ambience !	service	positive
great food , great service , great ambience !	ambience	positive
we tried the fish , shrimp , crab , fries .	fish , shrimp , crab , fries	positive
great selection and great customer service .	selection	positive
great selection and great customer service .	customer service	positive
the flavor was just weird .	flavor	negative
to them , it just seemed like another transaction .	transaction	negative
the ultimate pedicure they offer was very nice at a reasonable price .	price	positive
great tables , clean and laid back people .	tables	positive
the no credit cards accepted is a bit ridiculous in this day .	no credit cards	negative
i 've sent my wife flowers to her work twice from here .	flowers	negative
the food is awesome and about as authentic as you can get .	food	positive
outside seating ... just an amazing place .	seating	positive
outstanding authentic german restaurant .	german restaurant	positive
the ambiance is great and its entertaining to watch .	ambiance	positive
very lively place , a little on the loud side .	place	positive
find some good beer for after zipps ... .	beer	positive
their machaca is the best i 've ever had !	machaca	positive
but unfortunately it was the same steak i just sent back .	steak	negative
their bread is baked fresh and is devine as well .	bread	positive
the floor was sticky when we walked into our booth .	floor	negative
the floor was sticky when we walked into our booth .	booth	negative
no treatment , no suggestions , nothing .	treatment	negative
no treatment , no suggestions , nothing .	suggestions	negative
my family and i think this is the best church .	church	positive
went to a 's game - and received good info .	game	positive
i would recommend trying something else in the valley before trying here .	valley	positive
the gravy was entirely too sweet and had absolutely no heat like we requested .	gravy	negative
being part of malee 's email list so you can enjoy the experience yourself !	experience	positive
i really like to come here for the great selection of craft beers .	selection of craft beers	positive
the staff was incredibly helpful and friendly !	staff	positive
if you like new york style pie , i highly recommend rush st .	pie	positive
this is not the case at this particular location in the scottsdale fashion square .	location	negative
this is not the case at this particular location in the scottsdale fashion square .	fashion square	positive
great food , though a little pricey , but well definitely be back !	food	positive
love this place !	place	positive
tried to get a rx filled at this location .	rx filled	negative
tried to get a rx filled at this location .	location	negative
our service was excellent and pleasant .	service	positive
the staff was extremely friendly and the food & drinks were top notch !	staff	positive
the staff was extremely friendly and the food & drinks were top notch !	food & drinks	positive
wait times were too long and the bar was way to dark .	wait times	negative
wait times were too long and the bar was way to dark .	bar	negative
they have amazing coffee , a must for breakfast !	coffee	positive
they have amazing coffee , a must for breakfast !	breakfast	positive
she helped us find the the best items in the store .	items	positive
this is a friendly place !	place	positive
the wings were a decent size and the sauce was tasty .	wings	positive
the wings were a decent size and the sauce was tasty .	sauce	positive
the staff has always been very good to us .	staff	positive
and for the high price point , this is really a turn off .	price point	negative
amazing and attentive staff .	staff	positive
totally not worth the cost of the food.	cost	negative
totally not worth the cost of the food.	food.	negative
mac an cheese was watery , chicken alfredo was blah .	cheese	negative
mac an cheese was watery , chicken alfredo was blah .	chicken alfredo	negative
my kids favorite pizza spot !	pizza spot	positive
if you have an allergy to msg like i do .	msg	negative
great food !	food	positive
i ordered the chicken lo mein , big mistake .	chicken lo mein	negative
gives your meal a great atmosphere .	meal	positive
gives your meal a great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
this is the premier contemporary art gallery in the city .	contemporary art	positive
i am gluten free and checked the gf menu online .	gf menu	positive
the grimaldi 's staff were amazing !	grimaldi	positive
the grimaldi 's staff were amazing !	staff	positive
good for groups with different tastes .	tastes	positive
great ambiance .	ambiance	positive
i never got the transmission fixed so i gave it two stars .	transmission	negative
whether you are looking to save time or money this is the place !	money	positive
it 's good quality food , but on the pricy side !	quality food	positive
the meat was so tender and flavorful .	meat	positive
the drinks are cheap , the service is good .	drinks	positive
the drinks are cheap , the service is good .	service	positive
yes , do avoid this branch .	branch	negative
the service is also top notch !	service	positive
loved the patio area .	patio area	positive
this owner really knows his wines .	wines	positive
chowder is watery but still full of flavor .	chowder	negative
chowder is watery but still full of flavor .	flavor	negative
totally disappointed in this hotel .	hotel	negative
she absolutely did not go out of her way to help the customer .	customer	negative
the cake was the best too !	cake	positive
for the price the food was less than we anticipated .	price	negative
for the price the food was less than we anticipated .	food	negative
a very nice resort spa with lots of the extras .	resort spa	positive
my brother and i went with friends and we all ordered different entrees .	entrees	positive
the staff at his office were fun and pleasant .	staff	positive
best green chile ever !	green chile	positive
the receptionist are rude and impatient .	receptionist	negative
the scottsdale employees got it right .	employees	positive
delivery person was professional and courteous .	delivery person	positive
staff are friendly and responsive .	staff	positive
then another _num_ goes by and the food comes out , fairly quickly .	food	positive
food is very good .	food	positive
today i had casey and she gave me an amazing massage .	massage	positive
tucked away this small place is packed with folks and i know why .	place	negative
if you do go , do n't get a salad .	salad	negative
the burgers are sooooo good !	burgers	positive
zero seasoning and over cooked .	seasoning	negative
zero seasoning and over cooked .	cooked	negative
i also enjoy their generous complimentary salsa bar .	salsa bar	positive
the atmosphere is perfect for any special occasion !	atmosphere	positive
good ole thrifty ice cream and a smiling face too .	ice cream	positive
the store always seems dirty and the produce is always `` ugly '' .	store	negative
the store always seems dirty and the produce is always `` ugly '' .	produce	negative
definitely my favorite italian food in the old town area .	italian food	positive
however , the lunch specials are a particularly good value .	lunch specials	positive
no flavor , extremely bland .	flavor	negative
it was small , quaint and reeked of donut glory .	donut glory	negative
the time spent there is a valuable learning experience .	time	positive
good service .	service	positive
five cars , _num_ minutes .	cars	positive
a half order is plenty and will amaze you .	half order	positive
cost was n't an issue for me in any way , shape or form .	cost	negative
fantastic pricing too !	pricing	positive
this place was a nightmare !	place	negative
nice wait staff .	wait staff	positive
place is definitely swanky !	place	negative
skip this place .	place	negative
this was n't the worst stay i have ever had in a hotel .	stay	negative
best donuts ever .	donuts	positive
i have n't gone to get my nails done in probably _num_ years .	nails	negative
the tequila shrimp on beans appetizer was a great starter to be shared .	tequila shrimp on beans appetizer	positive
i got a simple gel manicure very clean .	gel manicure	positive
best place ever !	place	positive
great place to eat !	place	positive
this is a delicious burger !	burger	positive
where else do you get two sides with a great steak ?	steak	positive
food is good .	food	positive
_num_ suicide , _num_ hot , and _num_ pineapple teriyaki .	pineapple teriyaki	positive
staff is slow , not familiar with things .	staff	negative
after i received my food , she was still inattentive .	food	negative
the chips and salsa were good .	chips	positive
the chips and salsa were good .	salsa	positive
the service was fantastic and i would certainly recommend the scottsdale location .	service	positive
the service was fantastic and i would certainly recommend the scottsdale location .	scottsdale location	positive
located underground , its ambiance is cozy and inviting .	ambiance	positive
love , love , love this place !	place	positive
prices are fair and the food is great .	prices	positive
prices are fair and the food is great .	food	positive
having worked in many years in medicine , i know the difference !	medicine	positive
- you have to share a room .	room	positive
do n't let the name and location fool you stay out !	location	negative
she is hands down the best in my book for men 's cuts !	cuts	positive
the chip and salsa were fresh and crisp .	chip	positive
they take care credit which helped with the costs .	costs	negative
the service is horrible .	service	negative
this was not an _num_ and older pool .	pool	negative
the food was great but very tough to eat with plastic silverware .	food	positive
this was a nice breakfast surprise .	breakfast	positive
wi-fi is not good .	wi-fi	negative
my food was comped , got a $ _num_ gift card , left hungry .	food	negative
great company !	company	positive
we had salad , pizza , wine , beer .	salad	positive
we had salad , pizza , wine , beer .	wine	positive
we had salad , pizza , wine , beer .	beer	positive
the beer i had was icy cold .	beer	negative
love salon tru !	salon tru	positive
called and left a message that the heater in my phoenix house had quit .	heater	negative
no smoking .	smoking	negative
terrible service .	service	negative
it would be nice if there was a nicer waiting area and better lighting .	waiting area	positive
it would be nice if there was a nicer waiting area and better lighting .	lighting	positive
and they got great prices !	prices	positive
this place was fantastic .	place	positive
then outdoor seating is great in the winter with several heaters .	outdoor seating	positive
then outdoor seating is great in the winter with several heaters .	heaters	positive
the entrance is awkward and they are usually understaffed .	entrance	negative
the hummus and eggplant and hummus combo are both fantastic .	hummus	positive
the hummus and eggplant and hummus combo are both fantastic .	eggplant	positive
the hummus and eggplant and hummus combo are both fantastic .	hummus combo	positive
meatballs to die for !	meatballs	positive
fabulous views of paradise valley !	views	positive
not acceptable if you have the same standards i have .	standards	negative
even offered us a free piece of fried fish !	fried fish	positive
i really love their cornbread .	cornbread	positive
great wine burgers too .	wine burgers	positive
thanks manny for keeping the spirit alive !	manny	positive
first time i tried the cheesesteak it was garbage .	cheesesteak	negative
i would n't recommend going to this location .	location	negative
the food was fresh and very flavorful .	food	positive
food was okay ... atmosphere was cool but the service was the worst !	food	positive
food was okay ... atmosphere was cool but the service was the worst !	atmosphere	positive
food was okay ... atmosphere was cool but the service was the worst !	service	negative
want pickles on your sandwich ?	pickles on	positive
want pickles on your sandwich ?	sandwich	positive
great atmosphere in here .	atmosphere	positive
the buffet is about _num_ feet long .	buffet	positive
great food and chris , our server , was very attentive .	food	positive
great food and chris , our server , was very attentive .	server	positive
good pricing and there 's always coupons offered for next time .	pricing	positive
good pricing and there 's always coupons offered for next time .	coupons	positive
and again a cold piece of carmel crunch cake .	carmel crunch cake	positive
the drinks were very good .	drinks	positive
james provides great customer service and alterations .	customer service	positive
james provides great customer service and alterations .	alterations	positive
the doctors and staff are spectacular .	doctors	positive
the doctors and staff are spectacular .	staff	positive
our greeting was less than friendly .	greeting	negative
great mexican food , delivered .	mexican food	positive
the chile rellenos were made with cheddar cheese .	chile rellenos	positive
the chile rellenos were made with cheddar cheese .	cheddar cheese	positive
the best dive bar in scottsdale .	dive bar	positive
so we sit down for dinner -- and order drinks .	dinner	positive
so we sit down for dinner -- and order drinks .	drinks	positive
two small bites smothered in sauce .	sauce	negative
therefore , no extra money was required .	money	negative
everything was delicious here and the service was very nice .	service	positive
the prices are fantastic .	prices	positive
fresh , farm to table type food .	farm	positive
fresh , farm to table type food .	table type food	positive
the bread and salads are also tasty !	bread	positive
if it was busy , you could certainly never play pool .	pool	negative
food : we ordered queso , a breakfast burrito , and a bean burrito .	food	positive
food : we ordered queso , a breakfast burrito , and a bean burrito .	queso	positive
food : we ordered queso , a breakfast burrito , and a bean burrito .	breakfast burrito	positive
food : we ordered queso , a breakfast burrito , and a bean burrito .	bean burrito	positive
the gyro meal was terrible with no taste .	gyro meal	negative
it did n't even smell good like a bakery should .	bakery	negative
yeah , i have to agree , this place is consistently bad .	place	negative
i have received several services here and each has been first rate .	services	positive
the meats were skimpy , salty and flavorless .	meats	negative
( yup , you guessed it onions ) - see photos .	onions	positive
however there could be an improvement on their brunch items .	brunch items	negative
she was loud and did n't care that people were shopping .	people	negative
no vegetarian choices , so-so side dishes .	vegetarian choices	negative
no vegetarian choices , so-so side dishes .	side dishes	negative
friendly staff .	staff	positive
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !	sushi kee	positive
be sure to check your food because there not !	food	negative
i have always enjoyed the atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i would give emily lopez my highest recommendation for all things hair !	emily	positive
i would give emily lopez my highest recommendation for all things hair !	hair	positive
it was a little after _num_ p.m. and a ton of open tables .	open tables	positive
why did they call and say my car was ready ?	car	negative
thanks for making getting braces such a pleasant experience for my son .	braces	positive
the tzatziki sauce did n't taste right .	tzatziki sauce	negative
thanks yelp for helping me discover this place !	place	positive
it 's my second home ... .	home	positive
bowling is fun but they all are so dull and blah inside .	bowling	positive
just got back from a great meal at blue adobe grille .	meal	positive
great staff .	staff	positive
amazing sandwiches !	sandwiches	positive
i ended up with a repair bill of $ _num_ .	repair bill	negative
i called the manager afterwards to compliment kyle because he certainly deserved the recognition .	manager	positive
the bartenders are great and always make you feel special .	bartenders	positive
this will definitely be our new go-to spot for lunch time deliveries .	lunch	positive
this will definitely be our new go-to spot for lunch time deliveries .	deliveries	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
what a great place .	place	positive
no toilet paper .	toilet paper	negative
the bartenders are pretty cool .	bartenders	positive
so much fun and great music !	music	positive
the staff is beyond polite and friendly .	staff	positive
a great italian pizza joint .	italian pizza joint	positive
the staff , management , cocktails , food , and atmosphere are exceptional !	staff	positive
the staff , management , cocktails , food , and atmosphere are exceptional !	management	positive
the staff , management , cocktails , food , and atmosphere are exceptional !	cocktails	positive
the staff , management , cocktails , food , and atmosphere are exceptional !	food	positive
the staff , management , cocktails , food , and atmosphere are exceptional !	atmosphere	positive
during that last visit the service was so bad we wrote the place off .	service	negative
this place is great !	place	positive
great dining experience !	dining experience	positive
the food is amazing .	food	positive
this is a great shop .	shop	positive
a great place to stay if you are visiting scottsdale !	place	positive
service is horrible .	service	negative
all of the food that came out looked delicious .	food	positive
he recommended a & e automotive for a brake job that we needed .	brake job	positive
was a very cold and unwelcoming experience for a first time customer .	customer	negative
terrible service .	service	negative
the office staff is even worse .	office staff	positive
the schnitzel was perfectly prepared , with very light breading .	schnitzel	positive
the schnitzel was perfectly prepared , with very light breading .	breading	positive
if they thought about their customers they would be more diligent about sanitation .	customers	negative
if they thought about their customers they would be more diligent about sanitation .	sanitation	negative
i really blame management for this .	management	negative
but do not eat entree 's .	entree 's	negative
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	service	negative
best italian food i have had .	italian food	positive
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	pizza delivery	negative
this is one of my favorite dive bars in the area .	dive bars	positive
i mentioned it to the manager and she agreed .	manager	positive
it looked like it had cheese on top .	cheese	negative
customer service was not so good .	customer service	negative
the street people and homeless were loud and rude .	street people	negative
the street people and homeless were loud and rude .	homeless	negative
however , with this run of poor service , i will never go back .	service	negative
thin and chewy should not go together for pizza crust .	pizza crust	negative
this place is absolutely fantastic !	place	positive
people who work here are good at what they do and are very pleasant .	people	positive
i had a sandwhich ... it was pretty good as well .	sandwhich	positive
and the assorted dishes around the table all looked fantastic .	assorted dishes	positive
and the assorted dishes around the table all looked fantastic .	table	positive
my rating is based off of food quality .	food quality	positive
i had the lamb shank and it was incredible !	lamb shank	positive
this store has beautiful , high quality jewlery .	jewlery	positive
super friendly staff !	staff	positive
and they are all consistent in taste .	taste	positive
the staff is incredibly high maintenance and obnoxious .	staff	negative
superior office staff ; friendly and accommodating .	office staff	positive
great service , great staff , very friendly .	service	positive
great service , great staff , very friendly .	staff	positive
the restaurant is beautiful and our waitress was very friendly .	waitress	positive
this place is a ton of fun .	place	positive
this is a nice place to live .	place	positive
at the end her nails looked awful .	nails	negative
this place has become a family tradition with my wife and i .	place	positive
we are regulars and love the staff !	staff	positive
tortilla soup and carne asada best !	tortilla soup and carne asada	positive
to top it off , my over easy eggs were over hard .	eggs	negative
overall service was excellent .	service	positive
i had no idea one could find mexican food this disappointing in arizona .	mexican food	negative
my chai latte was pale and very close to the hue of milk .	chai latte	negative
show up early as this place is popular !	place	positive
to their credit the food wait time was short .	food wait	negative
love the coffee too .	coffee	positive
there are around five entrees , rice and noodles .	entrees	positive
there are around five entrees , rice and noodles .	rice	positive
there are around five entrees , rice and noodles .	noodles	positive
why do it matter if the place was pretty empty ?	place	negative
this place is great !	place	positive
the food all has a weird taste and the fountain sodas taste like mold .	food	negative
the food all has a weird taste and the fountain sodas taste like mold .	fountain sodas	negative
chelsea , the store manager , has exceptional customer service skills .	store manager	positive
chelsea , the store manager , has exceptional customer service skills .	customer service	positive
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .	veal dishes	positive
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .	prices	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
it is a little divey but that charm attracts only the best crowds .	crowds	positive
overpriced dirty units with old inefficient appliances .	units	negative
overpriced dirty units with old inefficient appliances .	appliances	negative
recommended spot in old town !	spot	positive
i would n't recommend taking your vehicle to this location for any reason .	vehicle	negative
i would n't recommend taking your vehicle to this location for any reason .	location	negative
the employees are always super friendly .	employees	positive
fast friendly service with quick refills on the excellent chips and fire roasted salsa .	service	positive
fast friendly service with quick refills on the excellent chips and fire roasted salsa .	chips	positive
fast friendly service with quick refills on the excellent chips and fire roasted salsa .	fire roasted salsa	positive
i do n't understand why this place has good reviews .	place	positive
she gave me the perfect cut !	cut	positive
this is still the best pei wei in the valley .	pei wei	positive
their wine selection , by the way , is very good and reasonably priced .	wine selection	positive
their wine selection , by the way , is very good and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
cheap beer and good people watching ... fun place for a saturday afternoon !	beer	positive
great place for kids ... .	place	positive
food was good , reasonably priced .	food	positive
food was good , reasonably priced .	priced	positive
air conditioner was loud when it came on and the refrigerator was noisy .	air conditioner	negative
air conditioner was loud when it came on and the refrigerator was noisy .	refrigerator	negative
super clean and well organized store , and it 's not all mystery !	store	positive
the bacon is perfect and their sandwiches are delicious on bread or a bagel .	bacon	positive
the bacon is perfect and their sandwiches are delicious on bread or a bagel .	sandwiches	positive
the bacon is perfect and their sandwiches are delicious on bread or a bagel .	bread	positive
the bacon is perfect and their sandwiches are delicious on bread or a bagel .	bagel	positive
great store , very well managed .	store	positive
loved the patio !	patio	positive
the persian room is excellent in all aspects .	persian room	positive
trevor was charming , polite , and helpful ... an awesome server !	server	positive
excellent find !	find	positive
the patio is great to people watch .	patio	positive
good sushi ( not great ) .	sushi	negative
the dill sauce is also amazing .	dill sauce	positive
great show !	show	positive
i ordered a seaweed salad , medium sashimi combo , and an iced tea .	seaweed salad	positive
i ordered a seaweed salad , medium sashimi combo , and an iced tea .	medium sashimi combo	positive
i ordered a seaweed salad , medium sashimi combo , and an iced tea .	iced tea	positive
i love these guys !	guys	positive
this place is trying a bit too hard to be trendy .	place	negative
i hated this place .	place	negative
every bite was overwhelmingly unbearable .	bite	negative
huge fan !	fan	positive
love shopping here .	shopping	positive
great service , even better food .	service	positive
great service , even better food .	food	positive
i highly recommend giving this place a look and asking for christine !	christine	positive
this is a must for pancakes .	pancakes	positive
grimaldi 's is one of my top pizza places in scottsdale .	pizza	positive
i heard good things about this place so i stopped in for a pedicure .	pedicure	positive
this is a honest , quality company that understands customer service .	customer service	positive
the bar staff inside was very friendly and a pleasure to be around .	bar staff	positive
so this booth sat empty until he got here .	booth	negative
the woman helping me seemed miserable .	woman	negative
yet another cool store that has now disappeared from the face of the planet .	store	positive
i felt sick from the nasty hollandaise so we got the check and left .	hollandaise	negative
i felt sick from the nasty hollandaise so we got the check and left .	check	negative
the chocolate was creamy and full of flavor .	chocolate	positive
the chocolate was creamy and full of flavor .	flavor	positive
excellent service in a friendly , family atmosphere .	service	positive
excellent service in a friendly , family atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i recommend this place to anyone who enjoys authentic italian deli style sandwiches .	italian deli style sandwiches	positive
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	rooms	negative
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	food	negative
dinner has always been superb on my visits .	dinner	positive
i buy all my supplies there and recommend them to all my clients .	supplies	positive
this is just a typical greasy spoon hole .	greasy spoon hole	positive
they hardly had any merchandise as well .	merchandise	negative
the apple strudel was delicious as well .	apple strudel	positive
there are dozens of better places in old town and scottsdale in general .	places	positive
definitely a good hangout place !	hangout place	positive
we chose to skip desert .	desert	negative
the staff there is always so friendly .	staff	positive
the toilet was loose .	toilet	negative
leasing process and service was excellent .	leasing process	positive
leasing process and service was excellent .	service	positive
really is that who you want to run your restaurant ?	restaurant	negative
came here on a saturday night with _num_ coworkers on a work trip .	work	positive
me and my family come for dinner about 2x a month .	dinner	positive
no salad .	salad	negative
very affordable price .	price	positive
please do not waste your money .	money	positive
surprisingly the beans were the best part even though they were not great .	beans	positive
our waitress was super nice and cute .	waitress	positive
and i travel all over and i am always in search of great food .	food	positive
maria the manager is a horrible person .	manager	negative
the amenities dr. wright provides for his patients make visits fun .	amenities	positive
the food was flavorful , hot and tasted very fresh .	food	positive
also have a fun game room that little kids would like a lot .	game room	positive
no chips available on weekdays .	chips	negative
but the price is still very reasonable .	price	positive
everything is inexpensive and the atmosphere is fun .	atmosphere	positive
the bill was way too high for such mediocre food .	bill	negative
the bill was way too high for such mediocre food .	food	negative
it 's a tough area !	area	negative
great salon in old town .	salon	positive
i love el sol !	el	positive
the waiter was bored and too busy chatting with fellow waiters .	waiter	negative
the waiter was bored and too busy chatting with fellow waiters .	waiters	negative
carl is awesome , and does it at a great price .	price	positive
i walked in and there was no greeter .	greeter	negative
the marina sauce was so good , just what i wanted .	marina sauce	positive
the menudo was bland and the services was awful .	menudo	negative
the menudo was bland and the services was awful .	services	negative
it has a great patio , but it 's pretty small inside .	patio	positive
taste is good and the atmosphere is relaxing .	taste	positive
taste is good and the atmosphere is relaxing .	atmosphere	positive
the fish was overcooked , and the other flavors blended into a mush .	fish	negative
the fish was overcooked , and the other flavors blended into a mush .	flavors	negative
the fish was overcooked , and the other flavors blended into a mush .	mush	negative
love this place , great thai food .	place	positive
love this place , great thai food .	thai food	positive
the food and cake tasted amazing and our guests even requested seconds !	food	positive
the food and cake tasted amazing and our guests even requested seconds !	cake	positive
the food was delicious !	food	positive
oops is not an acceptable answer .	answer	negative
the food was delivered after _num_ hour and _num_ minutes .	food	positive
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .	firecracker shrimp and duck	positive
but i love a meatball sub .	meatball sub	positive
fantastic service .	service	positive
but irish pub , you are kidding me .	irish pub	negative
the neighbors are generally pretty quiet and friendly .	neighbors	positive
great place for the $ .	$	positive
next time , try to get into the website earlier to get real seats !	seats	positive
i really should 've given the dish back .	dish	negative
they stuffed it with scallops , crab , and of course stuffing .	scallops	negative
they stuffed it with scallops , crab , and of course stuffing .	crab	negative
they stuffed it with scallops , crab , and of course stuffing .	stuffing	negative
it 's super retro and a great place to hang out .	place	positive
i was glad to see the volleyball courts where going in _num_ degrees .	volleyball courts	positive
i had the belgian waffle and it was amazing !	belgian waffle	positive
the mini mushroom dish was amazing , as well !	mini mushroom dish	positive
also , friendly and personable staff .	staff	positive
the waitress at the end also tried to overcharge us .	waitress	negative
the boots were `` spray painted '' not repaired .	boots	negative
told me he could replace the battery , but would n't set the calendar .	battery	negative
the outside patio is nice and cozy .	outside patio	positive
their burgers are $ _num_ and up and are not that great .	burgers	negative
mellow music , great patio , great service !	patio	positive
mellow music , great patio , great service !	service	positive
consistently delicious food and reasonable prices .	food	positive
consistently delicious food and reasonable prices .	prices	positive
no problem with the food here , just the service .	food	positive
no problem with the food here , just the service .	service	positive
the prices are quite reasonable too !	prices	positive
highly recommend high country comfort !	country comfort	positive
room _num_ this time .	room	positive
such a cute little spot in downtown mesa .	spot	positive
total fan !	fan	positive
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	customer service	negative
wow , just left this place after a staycation at the westin kierland .	staycation	positive
i ordered shrimp tempura they arrived soggy .	shrimp tempura	negative
this is our favorite resort in the scottsdale area .	resort	positive
place really sucks .	place	negative
very fresh , very reasonably priced .	priced	positive
steaks are superb .	steaks	positive
definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
the garlic bread given out individually with the water is delicious .	garlic bread	positive
the garlic bread given out individually with the water is delicious .	water	positive
drinks always stay full and food tastes great !	drinks	positive
drinks always stay full and food tastes great !	food	positive
sadly we never have room for dessert , but i hear its amazing !	dessert	positive
the tuna tartare and calamari were also outstanding .	tuna tartare	positive
the tuna tartare and calamari were also outstanding .	calamari	positive
the lobby is contemporary with plenty of seating and a cute little gift shop .	lobby	positive
the lobby is contemporary with plenty of seating and a cute little gift shop .	seating	positive
the lobby is contemporary with plenty of seating and a cute little gift shop .	gift	positive
tim works behind the bar and is quick with your order .	bar	positive
very very rude owner and bouncer .	owner	negative
very very rude owner and bouncer .	bouncer	negative
north scottsdale location is terrible !	location	negative
the cafe is cute and always very clean .	cafe	positive
i asked _num_ times for the tortillas ... that never came .	tortillas	positive
great staff and excellent happy hour !	staff	positive
great food .	food	positive
i really like this studio .	studio	positive
i like to come in here and write songs while i eat .	songs	positive
the grilled vegetable platter was just o.k .	grilled vegetable platter	positive
i recommend this place like bottled water in mexico .	bottled water	positive
one of the top two home decor stores in the phoenix area .	home decor	positive
the service here has always been good and the staff is friendly .	service	positive
the service here has always been good and the staff is friendly .	staff	positive
do not go to this zipps on a saturday night .	zipps	negative
when i went to the restroom , i noticed that it was quite filthy .	restroom	negative
i ordered the broasted chicken which was excellent !	broasted chicken	positive
my stomach did not accept any of this food .	food	negative
the staff is excellent and the atmosphere is elegant but casual .	staff	positive
the staff is excellent and the atmosphere is elegant but casual .	atmosphere	positive
a great place to start off an evening in scottsdale .	place	positive
and i love mexican food .	mexican food	positive
she comes back five min later with the wrong drink .	drink	negative
love their food !	food	positive
the staff has always been friendly and the service very decent .	staff	positive
the staff has always been friendly and the service very decent .	service	positive
phenomenal mexican food .	mexican food	positive
great cars & awesome food vendors .	cars	positive
great cars & awesome food vendors .	food vendors	positive
great deal for just $ _num_ at bandera .	bandera	positive
i do n't understand the line to get into this place .	line	negative
i do n't understand the line to get into this place .	place	negative
we 'll definitely be back again to this valley classic .	valley classic	positive
great service , honest and good prices .	service	positive
great service , honest and good prices .	prices	positive
if you 're looking for amazing , authentic indian cuisine , this is it !	indian cuisine	positive
horrible customer service !	customer service	negative
yikes , i give this place _num_ stars .	place	positive
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .	services	negative
i want to be in a learning environment with people who care , too .	learning environment	positive
my husband had the banana nut cakes and also loved them .	banana nut cakes	positive
our food was average , tasted like what you can make at home .	food	positive
when i got my order , i recieved breaded wings .	breaded wings	positive
the green salsa was a sweet salsa , very tasty .	green salsa	positive
the green salsa was a sweet salsa , very tasty .	salsa	positive
the office is run very well and by a friendly , highly competent staff .	office	positive
the office is run very well and by a friendly , highly competent staff .	staff	positive
it then takes turn to server other items .	server	negative
it then takes turn to server other items .	items	negative
pricy , upscale splurge .	upscale splurge	positive
ordered _num_ california burritos and it was disgusting .	california burritos	negative
absolutely wonderful ladies !	ladies	positive
they have great prices and honest service .	prices	positive
they have great prices and honest service .	service	positive
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	rating	negative
chips and salsa were delicious and margaritas too !	chips	positive
chips and salsa were delicious and margaritas too !	margaritas	positive
_num_ reviews & this place has _num_ stars ?	place	positive
the margaritas , i am sure , are made from a mix .	margaritas	positive
everyone was awesome and we felt so welcomed !	everyone	positive
they have great pricing and very good quality sushi .	pricing	positive
they have great pricing and very good quality sushi .	quality sushi	positive
chicken done nicely , but could have used a little more of the chutney .	chicken	positive
chicken done nicely , but could have used a little more of the chutney .	chutney	negative
the green chile pork dish was very tasty as well .	green chile pork dish	positive
absolutely fantastic staff .	staff	positive
service was good and it 's low key and delish !	service	positive
wine is reasonably priced and the food was amazing .	wine	positive
wine is reasonably priced and the food was amazing .	priced	positive
wine is reasonably priced and the food was amazing .	food	positive
love , love , love this deli in my neighborhood .	deli	positive
do n't get me wrong , i appreciate a free meal .	meal	positive
the chicken flavor is very very good .	chicken flavor	positive
it 's a good place to eat with the price they offer .	place	positive
it 's a good place to eat with the price they offer .	price	positive
try a different restaurant instead .	restaurant	positive
best hummus in the world .	hummus	positive
i love their ice , so clean and clear .	ice	positive
this place is fast and easy to get food from .	food	positive
great staff .	staff	positive
incredibly arrogant person if you ask me .	person	negative
awesome pizza !	pizza	positive
the biggest lacking feature is the most important - the rooms .	rooms	positive
keep up the good work !	work	positive
great business !	business	positive
they were out of napkins and ketchup .	napkins	negative
they were out of napkins and ketchup .	ketchup	negative
the food is ordinary ... no comparison to the capital grille or others .	food	positive
but were not in italy and expect more sauce on our food .	sauce	negative
but were not in italy and expect more sauce on our food .	food	negative
the experience just is n't enjoyable enough to warrant it .	experience	negative
drinking smoking pot !	drinking smoking pot	positive
very friendly management and staff .	management	positive
very friendly management and staff .	staff	positive
then he told me i needed to come look for my stuff .	stuff	positive
worst las vegas roll i 've ever had .	las	negative
always great food and drink specials served by a very friendly staff !	food	positive
always great food and drink specials served by a very friendly staff !	drink specials served	positive
always great food and drink specials served by a very friendly staff !	staff	positive
now i must wait _num_ days to get my money back .	money	negative
when i need new tires i will definitely be going back .	tires	positive
service was impeccable .	service	positive
we will definitely be back to this location .	location	positive
brandy did my hair and she did a great job .	brandy	positive
brandy did my hair and she did a great job .	hair	positive
what a great little dive bar !	dive bar	positive
the traditional style course and the $ _num_ price was nice .	traditional style course	positive
the traditional style course and the $ _num_ price was nice .	$ _num_ price	positive
we would recommend him to other animal lovers !	animal	positive
the bathroom was nothing short of 3rd world .	bathroom	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the staff is always very helpful and very courteous .	staff	positive
five stars for delightful service and very good food .	service	positive
five stars for delightful service and very good food .	food	positive
even the chips seemed stale .	chips	negative
the steak fajitas were great along with the half pitcher of margarita .	steak fajitas	positive
the steak fajitas were great along with the half pitcher of margarita .	half pitcher of margarita	positive
i also like the gift shop .	gift shop	positive
just a rude curt get out of my way kind of attitude .	curt	negative
no suggestions or assistance was offered .	suggestions	negative
good food fair price !	food	positive
good food fair price !	price	positive
their customer service is awful as well they do n't help .	customer service	negative
very clean , good portions , fresh , served fast .	portions	positive
very clean , good portions , fresh , served fast .	served	positive
great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
the most common problem i 've had here is getting sauce for my nuggets .	sauce	negative
the most common problem i 've had here is getting sauce for my nuggets .	nuggets	negative
great place to eat !	place	positive
the crust was extremely hard and the pizza wasnt hot at all .	crust	negative
the crust was extremely hard and the pizza wasnt hot at all .	pizza	negative
a great find in the scottsdale area .	area	positive
great flavor and portions .	flavor	positive
great flavor and portions .	portions	positive
service was unapologetic but good enough .	service	negative
he really loves red lobster .	red lobster	positive
we love this restaurant !	restaurant	positive
food was decent , way overpriced for the size of the portion .	food	positive
food was decent , way overpriced for the size of the portion .	portion	positive
this place was wonderful .	place	positive
razz was beyond friendly !	razz	positive
you ca n't beat the price and the guys that work here are honest !	price	positive
you ca n't beat the price and the guys that work here are honest !	guys	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
the service is great and the staff is extremely friendly and welcoming .	service	positive
the service is great and the staff is extremely friendly and welcoming .	staff	positive
lots of great clothes .	clothes	positive
she recommended this place and they hd everything .	place	positive
absolutely loved our stay .	stay	positive
my pedicure looks amazing !	pedicure	positive
great spot .	spot	positive
i love the feel of the restaurant .	feel	positive
i love the feel of the restaurant .	restaurant	positive
our food at bandera was excellent and the service was top-notch .	food	positive
our food at bandera was excellent and the service was top-notch .	service	positive
he could n't even finish his beer .	beer	negative
extremely good selection or native art and jewelry !	selection	positive
extremely good selection or native art and jewelry !	native art	positive
extremely good selection or native art and jewelry !	jewelry	positive
the food is amazing and the ambiance is really cool .	food	positive
the food is amazing and the ambiance is really cool .	ambiance	positive
this gem of a breakfast joint is tucked into the chandler air park .	breakfast joint	positive
its really affordable and the staff is really friendly .	staff	positive
his amount of years gives shows on his thorough all assessment of his patients .	patients	positive
first thing he did n't find was an oil pan leak .	oil pan leak	negative
food was not worth returning for .	food	negative
seriously the best deli in arizona !	deli	positive
i first step in the store it reeks of monkey balls lol .	monkey balls	negative
you get a ton of food , and the prices are very reasonable .	food	positive
you get a ton of food , and the prices are very reasonable .	prices	positive
if the boot still can not be located , he will ask for compensation .	boot	negative
after over an hour and a couple drinks i never even got my food .	food	negative
had a few of the happy hour menu items .	menu items	positive
food is watered down , greasy , soggy , and bland .	food	negative
fun stuff .	stuff	positive
we complained to the servers repeatedly and to the management with no positive results .	servers	negative
we complained to the servers repeatedly and to the management with no positive results .	management	negative
the mushrooms were nice and the cheese sauce was really good too .	mushrooms	positive
the mushrooms were nice and the cheese sauce was really good too .	cheese sauce	positive
no stars for the drinks , the food , and the price .	drinks	negative
no stars for the drinks , the food , and the price .	food	negative
no stars for the drinks , the food , and the price .	price	negative
great view of the restaurant .	view	positive
hot and full of flavor !	flavor	positive
the sushi was really yummy and the service was pretty good .	sushi	positive
the sushi was really yummy and the service was pretty good .	service	positive
we arrived on a sunday evening , there were _num_ other tables seated .	tables	negative
the tortillas are always fresh and soft .	tortillas	positive
we love this park !	park	positive
easily some of the best italian food i 've had .	italian food	positive
we are super happy you have brand new karaoke djs on friday and saturday .	karaoke djs	positive
i must say this place is pretty good !	place	positive
the parking lot is horribly lit , very dirty .	parking lot	negative
the chicken burritos we ordered were a disappointment .	chicken burritos	negative
if you want a good , consistent meal then cindy 's is your place .	meal	positive
good beer selection , both on draft and in bottles .	beer selection	positive
good beer selection , both on draft and in bottles .	draft	positive
good beer selection , both on draft and in bottles .	bottles	positive
perfect for lunch or a casual dinner .	lunch	positive
perfect for lunch or a casual dinner .	casual dinner	positive
the staff are also wonderful and very friendly .	staff	positive
my wife loves the lobster ravioli with sunrise sauce .	lobster ravioli with sunrise sauce	positive
did i mention the food is actually good ?	food	positive
the staff was beyond nice .	staff	positive
i love my new hair !	hair	positive
this place is maybe mediocre .	place	negative
the food was filling and made a good start to the day .	food	positive
your drink promotions and great food make your place the complete package !	drink promotions	positive
your drink promotions and great food make your place the complete package !	food	positive
good service and prices keep us coming back .	service	positive
good service and prices keep us coming back .	prices	positive
a true pool hall !	pool hall	positive
with reservation , arriving on time , we waited _num_ min to be seated .	reservation	negative
one of the best treatments i 've had .	treatments	positive
but my experience at this particular store was just terrible .	store	negative
i threw over half my sandwich away .	sandwich	negative
talk about hidden gem .	hidden gem	positive
just employees too busy chatting .	employees	negative
good , fast and inexpensive mexican food .	mexican food	positive
i decided to visit this location as i was already headed to whole foods .	location	positive
i decided to visit this location as i was already headed to whole foods .	foods	positive
looked more like an app than entree .	app	negative
looked more like an app than entree .	entree	negative
thanks for the great service !	service	positive
our waiter was awesome , very good attention .	waiter	positive
not my kind of place .	place	negative
warm and welcoming when you enter the place .	place	positive
great prices and awesome access to source to high quality meat .	prices	positive
great prices and awesome access to source to high quality meat .	meat	positive
bull crap .	bull crap	negative
great margaritas .	margaritas	positive
the entire time our waitress was never there , never refilled our drinks .	waitress	negative
the entire time our waitress was never there , never refilled our drinks .	drinks	negative
waited for _num_ minutes for them to get a table ready .	table	negative
it was a great meal , we will be back .	meal	positive
the presentation of the food on the plate as well was perfect .	food	positive
and fixed the washer in _num_ minutes .	washer	positive
they are very quick with your goods !	goods	positive
went to pick up and it was ready and great customer service again .	customer service	positive
i consider myself an outstanding cook with pretty good judgement .	cook	positive
their office is first class as well .	office	positive
i was completely impressed with the the selection and sales staff .	selection	positive
i was completely impressed with the the selection and sales staff .	sales staff	positive
best breakfast in scottsdale , az period !	breakfast	positive
just dry tacos , cold beans and so-so rice .	tacos	negative
just dry tacos , cold beans and so-so rice .	cold beans	negative
just dry tacos , cold beans and so-so rice .	rice	negative
decided on grotto because of the reviews but could n't be disappointed more .	reviews	positive
my food was not hot at all so i had to send it back .	food	negative
i did not like the hairdresser at all .	hairdresser	negative
love my latest color and highlights .	color	positive
, but the curry itself was a disaster .	curry	negative
decor is cool too .	decor	positive
not a big deal , do n't attack the customer .	customer	negative
this place was super disgusting before the remodel so we avoided .	place	negative
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	pool tables	positive
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	drinks	positive
do n't waste you time and money going to european cleaners !	cleaners	positive
i literally live _num_ mins from this place .	place	positive
fantastic and very friendly service .	service	positive
i do n't want an apology just attentive professional service .	service	negative
never brought drinks needed to remind them four times for silverware ?	drinks	negative
never brought drinks needed to remind them four times for silverware ?	silverware	negative
worst customer service ever .	customer service	negative
this restaurant is always freezing cold and dirty .	restaurant	negative
played here last week and thoroughly enjoyed it course .	course	positive
really good and quite surprising given the location .	location	positive
worst sushi ive had in arizona !	sushi ive	negative
it 's good , quality , big pizza for a fair price .	pizza	positive
it 's good , quality , big pizza for a fair price .	price	positive
it was watery and flavorless , it needed garlic and salt !	garlic	negative
it was watery and flavorless , it needed garlic and salt !	salt	negative
not even for the price was it good food .	price	negative
not even for the price was it good food .	food	positive
truly fast quality service !	quality service	positive
the food did not take long at all to arrive .	food	negative
great location with wonderful staff and management !	location	positive
great location with wonderful staff and management !	staff	positive
great location with wonderful staff and management !	management	positive
apparently they are too busy to bother with a small job .	job	negative
fantastic food and always a great menu .	food	positive
fantastic food and always a great menu .	menu	positive
great location at the end of the line of the light rail .	location	positive
also a great place for the over sized items .	items	positive
nice people .	people	positive
the egg rolls were burnt , tasted like they had been refried .	egg rolls	negative
i 've only gone here twice but i really love this ice cream parlor .	ice cream parlor	positive
unfortunately , this location has some serious issues .	location	negative
how is that my problem that you are low on inventory ?	inventory	negative
my dad got an egg combo plate ... same low quality food .	egg combo plate	negative
my dad got an egg combo plate ... same low quality food .	food	negative
tip the singer please !	singer	positive
honestly , we would have been better off waiting an hour for that place .	place	negative
like the money we spent there is nothing .	money	negative
great open ambiance , with outdoor seating as well .	open ambiance	positive
great open ambiance , with outdoor seating as well .	outdoor seating	positive
the food was excellent , reasonably priced and quickly served .	food	positive
the food was excellent , reasonably priced and quickly served .	priced	positive
the food was excellent , reasonably priced and quickly served .	served	positive
highly recommend roasted chicken or the enchiladas .	roasted chicken	positive
highly recommend roasted chicken or the enchiladas .	enchiladas	positive
love this place .	place	positive
they are so beautiful and such high quality !	quality	positive
food and service was superb .	food	positive
food and service was superb .	service	positive
love the pizza and wings !	pizza	positive
love the pizza and wings !	wings	positive
it is a casual place , which suits us just fine .	place	positive
the menu is huge , so many items from which to chose .	menu	positive
i highly recommend papago for a low key night out with friends !	papago	positive
nicely appointed little restaurant with a great menu .	menu	positive
i really enjoy this place .	place	positive
i love their rosemary bread !	rosemary bread	positive
coffee and waitstaff were great and the hostess was a doll .	coffee	positive
coffee and waitstaff were great and the hostess was a doll .	waitstaff	positive
coffee and waitstaff were great and the hostess was a doll .	hostess	positive
i always get their brooklyn family pizza and add fresh garlic to it .	garlic	positive
the bar manager , jack , was extremely friendly and personable .	bar manager	positive
tried today and food hardly edible and cold .	food	negative
i highly recommended the cove !	cove	positive
all the meats and cheeses and sausage are great here .	meats	positive
all the meats and cheeses and sausage are great here .	sausage	positive
great food even better ambiance .	food	positive
great food even better ambiance .	ambiance	positive
good job .	job	positive
this is a horrible venue .	venue	negative
and ... posted hours are not a suggestion , they 're your working hours .	working	negative
it 's also in a very nice location .	location	positive
this time the food was awful !	food	negative
good food and the new ambiance is nice .	food	positive
good food and the new ambiance is nice .	ambiance	positive
one of my new fave pizza places .	fave pizza places	positive
the appetizers were great .	appetizers	positive
everyone was very happy with their orders .	orders	positive
the patio is excellent for beer drinking and hanging with friends .	patio	positive
the patio is excellent for beer drinking and hanging with friends .	beer drinking	positive
the alcohol is on a `` honor system '' .	alcohol	positive
beer selection is terrific !	beer selection	positive
the staff is always so nice .	staff	positive
they are extremely helpful and the people are very nice and knowledgeable .	people	positive
i will be a customer here until i move !	customer	positive
the women who work at the store were nice and very helpful .	women	positive
rude customer service is never a good idea .	customer service	negative
everything was tasty , well seasoned , and come with salsa .	salsa	positive
family operated and you can tell !	family	positive
thank you for helping me stick to a healthy diet .	diet	positive
air conditioned & great prices !	air	positive
air conditioned & great prices !	prices	positive
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .	food	positive
like sticky dough , uncooked .	dough	negative
perfectly moist , with lots of flavor , and not too sweet .	flavor	positive
their water tastes great .	water	positive
their technicians are incompetent and dishonest .	technicians	negative
always perfectly cooked !	cooked	positive
this place is a good escape in the scottsdale scene .	scottsdale scene	positive
i would not recommend this hotel to anyone .	hotel	negative
the service is great .	service	positive
there is outdoor seating which is nice during certain times of the year .	outdoor seating	positive
my custom sub box .	custom sub box	positive
then she brought over a basket of toasted thin sliced bagels and rye bread .	basket	positive
then she brought over a basket of toasted thin sliced bagels and rye bread .	bagels	positive
then she brought over a basket of toasted thin sliced bagels and rye bread .	rye bread	positive
their patio is one of the best in the east valley .	patio	positive
not child friendly !	child	negative
the chicken nuggets were processed chicken and mediocre at best .	chicken nuggets	negative
the chicken nuggets were processed chicken and mediocre at best .	processed chicken	negative
the sound quality sucks and the shows are expensive .	sound quality	negative
the sound quality sucks and the shows are expensive .	shows	negative
excellent service .	service	positive
i was furious with the lack of customer service .	customer service	negative
does n't matter anyway , this place is now permanently closed .	place	negative
sweet and sour combo and i found it to be of low quality .	combo	negative
sweet and sour combo and i found it to be of low quality .	quality	negative
was very disappointed by the customer service .	customer service	negative
serve cooked eggs cold .	eggs	negative
the staff is always pleasant , and helpful .	staff	positive
really yummy fajitas here with a excellent appearance .	fajitas	positive
after dinner , they brought use this sweet banana fried dessert .	sweet banana fried dessert	positive
it was very tasty , with lots of fresh veggies done the right way .	veggies	positive
very bad company to go to for anything !	company	negative
great ambiance inside or outside .	ambiance	positive
cheap prices .	prices	positive
the food is fresh and tasty !	food	positive
had a nice time on the lake .	time	positive
had a nice time on the lake .	lake	positive
judge a book by its cover .	cover	positive
the courtyard is an excellent place to relax when the weather is nice .	courtyard	positive
the courtyard is an excellent place to relax when the weather is nice .	place	positive
for some odd reason i ordered chicken parm .	chicken parm	negative
my coat was bagged and i paid the $ _num_ .	coat	negative
rick ( a really cool and attractive ) female bartender ... is sadly missed .	bartender	positive
staff is tops !	staff	positive
thanks tom !	tom	positive
this place made my trip to scottsdale worth it .	place	positive
their food is great , everything is fresh .	food	positive
calzone was full of ricotta and cheese .	calzone	positive
calzone was full of ricotta and cheese .	ricotta and cheese	positive
they are the best music store on the planet !	music store	positive
could n't find the meat .	meat	negative
we split the tuna - so good !	tuna	positive
excellent meal !	meal	positive
too many better stores out there .	stores	negative
someone needs to train their answering service how to speak to potential clients .	answering service	negative
not all diamonds are created equal , far from it .	diamonds	negative
pool table , shuffle board and lovely ladies dancing on the bar .	pool table	positive
pool table , shuffle board and lovely ladies dancing on the bar .	shuffle board	positive
pool table , shuffle board and lovely ladies dancing on the bar .	ladies	positive
pool table , shuffle board and lovely ladies dancing on the bar .	bar	positive
we were n't feeling good after lunch !	lunch	negative
the food is good .	food	positive
the iced tea was too strong .	iced tea	negative
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .	white pizza	positive
but the sales associate repeatedly told us the problem was our budget .	sales associate	negative
service was exceptional !	service	positive
the dining room has a really charming dcor with a cozy and romantic ambiance .	dining room	positive
the dining room has a really charming dcor with a cozy and romantic ambiance .	ambiance	positive
nice , hip staff .	staff	positive
we had already been to happy hour so were not interested in dinner .	dinner	negative
very happy with this place .	place	positive
brad is a life saver .	life	positive
i had shredded beef ... tasteless , not seasoned .	beef	negative
a full set takes at least _num_ - _num_ minutes .	set	positive
i would really recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
i wish i would have eaten the taco first and skipped the bean burrito .	taco	positive
i wish i would have eaten the taco first and skipped the bean burrito .	bean burrito	negative
i love sushi , but try to avoid the ra sushi restaurants .	sushi	positive
i love sushi , but try to avoid the ra sushi restaurants .	ra sushi restaurants	positive
three shrimp , and three scallops .	shrimp	positive
three shrimp , and three scallops .	scallops	positive
do not go to this company .	company	negative
the food is some of the best food i 've ever eaten .	food	positive
the food is some of the best food i 've ever eaten .	food	positive
it 's a great little stop for a quick drink .	stop	positive
it 's a great little stop for a quick drink .	drink	positive
good crust & flavor .	crust & flavor	positive
great pizza !	pizza	positive
i ordered my wedding cake through baker wee .	wedding cake	positive
i ordered my wedding cake through baker wee .	baker wee	positive
i enjoyed being there and really liked my hair .	hair	positive
the hummus was delicious .	hummus	positive
all around great service , would definitely recommend mark kia !	service	positive
this butcher shop is so wonderful .	butcher shop	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
all in all a great place .	place	positive
love the atmosphere and the way they treat their regulars .	atmosphere	positive
wanted about _num_ min for the owner before i left .	owner	positive
i liked the irish coffee stout .	irish coffee stout	positive
very good food .	food	positive
service is terrible .	service	negative
great prices and always amazing food !	prices	positive
great prices and always amazing food !	food	positive
service was top notch and customer service is a huge deal to this location .	service	positive
service was top notch and customer service is a huge deal to this location .	customer service	positive
chicken lo mein and fried rice was really good .	chicken lo mein and fried rice	positive
the gym was well equipped as well .	gym	positive
great drinks and a family owned business .	drinks	positive
the price is reasonable .	price	positive
ra in scottsdale has gone down hill slowly ever since the owners sold out .	owners	negative
it is in a really cramped area .	area	negative
terrible call .	call	negative
nick was very nice and helpful and the price that we got was great .	price	positive
i would absolutely recommend chandler auto body to friends and family .	auto body	positive
cash only business , no mention of this on website .	business	negative
the black beans were inedible and the rice was microwaved and obviously quite old .	black beans	negative
the black beans were inedible and the rice was microwaved and obviously quite old .	rice	negative
their red salsa was spicy and addicting .	red salsa	positive
what a wonderful dining experience !	dining experience	positive
tough to access this location with a big truck and trailer though .	location	negative
they truly care about their furry patients as well as the pet parents .	patients	positive
they truly care about their furry patients as well as the pet parents .	pet parents	positive
this is the only restaurant i have watched someone get sick in .	restaurant	positive
as i cut into the chicken it did n't cut like normal chicken .	chicken	negative
as i cut into the chicken it did n't cut like normal chicken .	chicken	negative
we love the food and the service is excellent !	food	positive
we love the food and the service is excellent !	service	positive
i always preferred pizza hut over any other franchise pizza place .	pizza hut	positive
good deals !	deals	positive
convenient most of time , but probably the worse grocery store ever to visit .	grocery	negative
it 's so expensive for an unappetizing sundae .	sundae	negative
the pecan wood they fire it in makes for an amazing flavor .	pecan wood	positive
the pecan wood they fire it in makes for an amazing flavor .	flavor	positive
the place is packed and tons of ppl coming in and out ordering food .	food	negative
they have the best pizza and wings .	pizza	positive
they have the best pizza and wings .	wings	positive
i like that they let you bring your pets in with you as well !	pets	positive
do you need more pain meds ? '	pain meds	negative
little did i know that wait time was for me .	wait time	negative
all items were excellent , and affordable .	items	positive
green flannel is really tasty but you must like spicy !	green flannel	positive
the owner refuses to return calls and does n't care about customers at all !	owner	negative
the owner refuses to return calls and does n't care about customers at all !	customers	negative
service is efficient and the restaurant is in a great location too .	service	positive
service is efficient and the restaurant is in a great location too .	location	positive
i love their fresh juices as well .	fresh juices	positive
the tech could n't get my gel polish off .	tech	negative
the tech could n't get my gel polish off .	gel polish	negative
when i got there the place was absolutely packed !	place	negative
the pizza here is just not very good .	pizza	negative
the staff is nice sometimes .	staff	positive
the bad thing is the management and owners do not care .	management	negative
the bad thing is the management and owners do not care .	owners	negative
the food , good .	food	positive
our waitress was very nice and attentive .	waitress	positive
super prices !	prices	positive
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	egg sandwiches	negative
on site restaurants were great .	restaurants	positive
outstanding food for a decent price .	food	positive
outstanding food for a decent price .	price	positive
food and service were outstanding .	food	positive
food and service were outstanding .	service	positive
terrific company - terrific employees !	company	positive
terrific company - terrific employees !	employees	positive
my company often orders breakfast to go from the breakfast club for store meetings .	breakfast	positive
my company often orders breakfast to go from the breakfast club for store meetings .	store	positive
even though there was food left in all .	food	negative
he asked for no tomatoes and it was covered in tomatoes .	tomatoes	negative
he asked for no tomatoes and it was covered in tomatoes .	tomatoes	negative
the tortillas were stale , cold , and awful .	tortillas	negative
staff are always friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
pool area is nice and waitress is there when you need her .	pool area	positive
pool area is nice and waitress is there when you need her .	waitress	positive
overall , this is a decent place to go .	place	positive
no bedside manners at all .	bedside manners	negative
this is by far my favorite sushi place .	sushi place	positive
this place is awful , the food is also awful .	place	negative
this place is awful , the food is also awful .	food	negative
however , the meal was absolutely tasteless .	meal	negative
my chicken was bland and red in the middle and my rice was cold .	chicken	negative
my chicken was bland and red in the middle and my rice was cold .	rice	negative
it is all amazing , good portions for the price !	portions	positive
it is all amazing , good portions for the price !	price	positive
ick ick ick .	ick	positive
this place is just eh in my book .	place	positive
service is really slow .	service	negative
awkward line set up if you just want an ice cream cone .	line	negative
awkward line set up if you just want an ice cream cone .	ice cream cone	negative
found them to be honest and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
the bacon was obviously pre-made and cold .	bacon	negative
do not use their new online service !	online service	negative
the staff is very friendly and knows me by name .	staff	positive
excellent shop where i have been going for _num_ plus years .	shop	positive
i 'm a regular at this place , and for very good reason .	place	positive
been there twice and my eggs were gray .	eggs	negative
no drinks , appetizers , etc .	drinks	negative
no drinks , appetizers , etc .	appetizers	negative
anyway , then she saw my credit card which was a southwest credit card .	credit	positive
love tony for my nails and lisa for my toes and eye brows !	nails	positive
love tony for my nails and lisa for my toes and eye brows !	lisa	positive
great place clean inside !	place	positive
i have recommended my friends and co workers to come to this place .	place	positive
i needed some leather repair work done and everyone was friendly and very helpful .	leather repair work	positive
i ordered vegetable fajitas and there was minimal flavor .	vegetable fajitas	negative
i ordered vegetable fajitas and there was minimal flavor .	flavor	negative
wings were good .	wings	positive
great restaurant in old town scottsdale .	restaurant	positive
the food was all perfectly cooked .	food	positive
do not go anywhere near this shop with your vehicle .	shop	negative
do not go anywhere near this shop with your vehicle .	vehicle	negative
this is really the best place to get burritos in the east valley .	burritos	positive
the main thing that made me round down to _num_ stars was the price .	price	positive
rude employees too .	employees	negative
always great variety , fun junk to look through and the occasional find !	variety	positive
always great variety , fun junk to look through and the occasional find !	junk	positive
as a phoenix resident , i was personally embarrassed by the service .	service	negative
awesome wait staff , delicious food and really strange atmosphere .	wait staff	positive
awesome wait staff , delicious food and really strange atmosphere .	food	positive
awesome wait staff , delicious food and really strange atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
food was delicious .	food	positive
the miso soup was very salty and fishy .	miso soup	negative
i took my dog there for grooming & they neglected her in their care .	dog	negative
will come again whenever we crave fish and chip !	fish and chip	positive
they have the most amazing dates that i have ever had .	dates	positive
overall , the store is great , and i plan on returning .	store	positive
great customer service , lots of plants , cactus and the most amazing pottery .	customer service	positive
great customer service , lots of plants , cactus and the most amazing pottery .	plants	positive
great customer service , lots of plants , cactus and the most amazing pottery .	cactus	positive
great customer service , lots of plants , cactus and the most amazing pottery .	pottery	positive
she does a fabulous job with hair color .	hair color	positive
the service sucked !	service	negative
finally were able to order and the food was pretty good .	food	positive
less like pee than it used to , but still not good .	pee	negative
staff and the ride were terrific .	staff	positive
staff and the ride were terrific .	ride	positive
great range .	range	positive
the food is pretty standard takeout , a little bland for the most part .	food	negative
great spot and highly recommend !	spot	positive
worth the wait though !	wait	positive
i had a beautiful wedding service at the wright house last may .	wedding service	positive
the portions were large and extremely tasty .	portions	positive
this is by far some of the worst german food i 've tasted .	german food	negative
we spent six years in southern cali , and about two years in arizona .	southern	positive
the beer selection is amazing , with dozens of beers on draft .	beer selection	positive
the beer selection is amazing , with dozens of beers on draft .	beers	positive
great place to hang out if you want to have a great time .	place	positive
this place is awful !	place	negative
these ladies in here are absolutely wonderful !	ladies	positive
i absolutely love the bar area .	bar area	positive
the music was lovely and not intrusive .	music	positive
i took one bite and it was the worst chili i had ever had !	chili	negative
great friendly people .	people	positive
second , the layout on two holes is dangerous .	layout	negative
the service and food was amazing .	service	positive
the service and food was amazing .	food	positive
no service , no consideration for guest .	service	negative
my husbands meal had the same problems no seasoning and boiled vegetables .	meal	negative
my husbands meal had the same problems no seasoning and boiled vegetables .	boiled vegetables	negative
a special place , as l and i had our first date here .	place	positive
i 'll just stick with zipps for wings and burgers .	zipps	positive
i 'll just stick with zipps for wings and burgers .	wings	positive
i 'll just stick with zipps for wings and burgers .	burgers	positive
my kiddo had friends after the first day !	kiddo	positive
ca n't even use my wifi here in peace !	wifi	negative
customer service is a joke .	customer service	negative
good food very reasonable prices .	food	positive
good food very reasonable prices .	prices	positive
i ordered the veggie fajitas burrito and the fajita veggies were barely cooked .	veggie fajitas burrito	negative
i ordered the veggie fajitas burrito and the fajita veggies were barely cooked .	veggies	negative
they are usually super fast about it also , and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
i was very impressed with their service and quality work .	service	positive
i was very impressed with their service and quality work .	quality work	positive
the hotel was very clean and quite .	hotel	positive
the nail stylist , erica , was great !	nail	positive
one thing that always strikes me is how good the condition is .	condition	positive
our waiter did n't even offer his apologies .	waiter	negative
shame on the grotto !	grotto	negative
rude staff .	staff	negative
and they have special prices for happy hour .	prices	positive
of the cheesy ( pun intended ) service from the female server .	cheesy	negative
of the cheesy ( pun intended ) service from the female server .	service	negative
of the cheesy ( pun intended ) service from the female server .	server	negative
knowledge of medicine fail .	knowledge	negative
i look forward to a stay in the future !	stay	positive
our waiter was just kinda weird .	waiter	negative
this place has great food .	food	positive
of the six picky eaters in the office , everyone liked the food .	food	positive
most of the food was bland .	food	negative
this was realized after the meal was over , making my stomach turn .	meal	negative
tech was on vacation , so could n't get someone out until august .	tech	negative
the staff was great - very friendly and very honest .	staff	positive
amanda is awesome !	amanda	positive
about these issues after checking with derek - no call !	derek	negative
service was and always is amazing .	service	positive
the prime rib was tasteless and the ribs were tough and dry .	prime rib	negative
the prime rib was tasteless and the ribs were tough and dry .	ribs	negative
of meat ... ... this was a $ _num_ .	meat	positive
chips & salsa only free the first round .	chips	positive
a group of came here and the food was amazing .	food	positive
i absolutely enjoyed their cheese steak sandwiches .	cheese steak sandwiches	positive
good prices and good service .	prices	positive
good prices and good service .	service	positive
this place is dishonest !	place	negative
the wedge salad is a classic steakhouse favorite and recommended .	wedge salad	positive
the salmon was perfectly cooked .	salmon	positive
i 've always been disappointed with the level of service and quality of food .	service	negative
i 've always been disappointed with the level of service and quality of food .	quality of food	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
i love the karaoke there !	karaoke	positive
the people who work there are so so so so so rude .	people	negative
okay , it 's lunchtime , and you are shopping in downtown scottsdale .	lunchtime	positive
i hate dr. pepper , threw it away .	dr. pepper	negative
their house band with friends was great .	house band	positive
love this place !	place	positive
their batter is not very good at all .	batter	negative
you can expect excellent service provided by a friendly staff .	service	positive
you can expect excellent service provided by a friendly staff .	staff	positive
my advice is to get more staff , especially on the weekends .	staff	positive
that 's _num_ plate every _num_ minutes .	plate	positive
my fettuccine alfredo was delicious .	fettuccine alfredo	positive
also , i kept seeing so many servers standing around shooting the shit .	servers	negative
super nachos with machaca , fantastic !	nachos with machaca	positive
the beef and chicken tastes almost the same .	beef	positive
the atmosphere is cool and relaxed .	atmosphere	positive
also the massage chairs are great !	massage chairs	positive
best pancakes i have ever had .	pancakes	positive
burger and salmon were both over cooked ; third entre presentation was blah .	burger	negative
burger and salmon were both over cooked ; third entre presentation was blah .	salmon	negative
burger and salmon were both over cooked ; third entre presentation was blah .	third entre presentation	negative
after _num_ months i lost my cool and they transferred me to the corporate .	corporate	negative
great service !	service	positive
as others have said , security sucks , and the bathrooms are gross .	security	negative
as others have said , security sucks , and the bathrooms are gross .	bathrooms	negative
this course is challenging and the conditions are great .	course	positive
this course is challenging and the conditions are great .	conditions	positive
very pretty dining room .	dining room	positive
the salad was fresh a crunchy !	salad	positive
i highly recommend cook dental to anyone looking for a great dentist .	cook dental	positive
our waiter , nick , was very helpful and made good suggestions .	waiter	positive
great service and response time on a saturday !	service	positive
impact was very professional and friendly .	impact	positive
i had skin cancer - diagnosed and operated on by physicians at mayo .	skin	negative
salads served with the entree were boring and even the dressing could not help .	salads served	negative
salads served with the entree were boring and even the dressing could not help .	entree	negative
salads served with the entree were boring and even the dressing could not help .	dressing	negative
the captain was nice and cindy of course was great .	captain	positive
star _num_ : would you eat here every day if you could ?	star _num_	positive
took over _num_ min to get awful , cold food .	food	negative
this is an outstanding mexican restaurant !	mexican	positive
no star granted .	star	negative
service was great , food was delicious and the atmosphere was enjoyable .	service	positive
service was great , food was delicious and the atmosphere was enjoyable .	food	positive
service was great , food was delicious and the atmosphere was enjoyable .	atmosphere	positive
because of this treatment , i will never buy another bmw product .	product	negative
one for dinner and the other for lunch the next day .	dinner	positive
one for dinner and the other for lunch the next day .	lunch	positive
this place is just awful .	place	negative
love this place !	place	positive
my older dog cleared up , but the puppy continued to cough .	puppy	negative
my fiancee and i visited this new establishment after watching a movie at amc .	establishment	positive
mad love for this place !	place	positive
great ma and pa shop .	ma	positive
great ma and pa shop .	pa shop	positive
omg it took over _num_ minutes to get our food .	food	negative
awesome food .	food	positive
got major attitude from the owners waitress .	owners waitress	negative
burger , fries , and a beer for $ _num_ every tuesday .	burger	positive
burger , fries , and a beer for $ _num_ every tuesday .	fries	positive
burger , fries , and a beer for $ _num_ every tuesday .	beer	positive
i had the chilean sea bass and it was divine .	chilean sea bass	positive
great dr !	dr	positive
delicious , flavorful , thin crust pizza with a wonderful pizzeria ambiance .	crust pizza	positive
delicious , flavorful , thin crust pizza with a wonderful pizzeria ambiance .	pizzeria ambiance	positive
great service , nice little family place .	service	positive
great service , nice little family place .	place	positive
anyway , the potatoes were left .	potatoes	negative
disappointing food , little high priced for what you get .	food	negative
disappointing food , little high priced for what you get .	priced	negative
i have never felt so unwelcome in a business .	business	positive
the food was delicious .	food	positive
this guy , i 'm guessing the manager is rude and very unprofessional .	manager	negative
fuck , i 'll just buy the ticket anyway .	ticket	negative
love this place .	place	positive
i highly recommend this place .	place	positive
the bed and pillows were hard and uncomfortable !	bed	negative
the bed and pillows were hard and uncomfortable !	pillows	negative
friendly , knowledgeable staff will help you find the right one .	staff	positive
their plants are healthy and they guarantee your purchase .	plants	positive
their plants are healthy and they guarantee your purchase .	purchase	positive
they have great food !	food	positive
i had the three taco plate and the salsa tasted amazing .	three taco plate	positive
i had the three taco plate and the salsa tasted amazing .	salsa	positive
the scenery on the lake is breathtaking .	scenery	positive
the scenery on the lake is breathtaking .	lake	positive
the wine list is only fair .	wine list	positive
i needed a simple inspection and was treated with world class customer service !	customer service	positive
great food !	food	positive
blue cheese stuffed olives ... amazing .	blue cheese stuffed olives	positive
this kind of veterinary care is unacceptable and careless by my standards .	veterinary care	negative
they do n't have a drop box for rent .	drop box	negative
they do n't have a drop box for rent .	rent	negative
their chicken tortilla soup is one of the best i 've ever had .	chicken tortilla soup	positive
service as very good and timely .	service	positive
beautiful people all around .	people	positive
the bacon is awesome !	bacon	positive
they lost there _num_ % tip i wo n't be coming back !	_num_ % tip	negative
i highly recommend this grill to anyone in the scottsdale area !	area	positive
however , while the food is decent enough , it 's overpriced .	food	positive
staff has a `` team '' approach so everything moved efficiently .	staff	positive
the hostess said wait while i check the tables and never came back .	hostess	negative
the hostess said wait while i check the tables and never came back .	tables	negative
the stetson chopped salad is a must !	stetson chopped salad	positive
i 've never been to any place like this one .	place	positive
i had a milkshake with m & m 's which was amazing as well .	milkshake	positive
the eggs were undercooked and the whites were very runny !	eggs	negative
the eggs were undercooked and the whites were very runny !	whites	negative
the food is always amazing .	food	positive
a simple sub shop with simple ingredients for a simple man .	sub shop	positive
a simple sub shop with simple ingredients for a simple man .	ingredients	positive
the waitress came running over with our bill .	waitress	negative
the waitress came running over with our bill .	bill	negative
luckily the free yelp corkage coupon is accepted !	corkage coupon	positive
i love any dish i get there !	dish	positive
definitely recommend this as a must stop for everyone in the area .	area	positive
love love this place .	place	positive
seafood and veg can be eaten .	seafood	positive
seafood and veg can be eaten .	veg	positive
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !	menu	positive
i liked that honesty .	honesty	positive
the personal pizza is definitely big enough for _num_ people to enjoy .	personal pizza	positive
great place to have breakfast , nice friendly staff and delicious eggs .	breakfast	positive
great place to have breakfast , nice friendly staff and delicious eggs .	staff	positive
great place to have breakfast , nice friendly staff and delicious eggs .	eggs	positive
sleep on the street , you 'll do better .	sleep	negative
i walked that store twice looking to see if i missed something .	store	negative
if you are looking for great food and service come to this village inn !	food	positive
if you are looking for great food and service come to this village inn !	service	positive
good service .	service	positive
the place was n't even busy and i counted at least _num_ employees .	place	positive
the place was n't even busy and i counted at least _num_ employees .	employees	negative
some of the best pizza i have ever had .	pizza	positive
apparently customer service is n't their strong point .	customer service	negative
margaritas ... yes please !	margaritas	positive
this place is definitely worth your time and money .	place	positive
this place is definitely worth your time and money .	money	positive
debit card , this place need to get with it .	place	negative
fast and tasty pizza .	pizza	positive
i literally have never had worse service .	service	positive
the only reason i tried china china is because of good yelp reviews .	china china	positive
but the true treasure is the food .	food	positive
several people got the fish tacos which also looked really good .	fish tacos	positive
the menu options are incredible .	menu options	positive
the pork lo mien was a disappointment as well .	pork lo mien	negative
awesome pool and great breakfast .	pool	positive
awesome pool and great breakfast .	breakfast	positive
love this denny 's !	denny 's	positive
they do n't care about customers with allergies .	customers	negative
unless i want to continue doing the shots .	shots	negative
we love blue adobe !	adobe	positive
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	ribs	positive
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	chicken	positive
great brunch .	brunch	positive
this place rocks .	place	positive
great beer selection .	beer selection	positive
live entertainment , and beautiful outdoor seating .	live entertainment	positive
live entertainment , and beautiful outdoor seating .	outdoor seating	positive
excellent breakfast and terrific prices .	breakfast	positive
excellent breakfast and terrific prices .	prices	positive
ok , this place is barely ok .	place	negative
the pool was great , the happy hour and breakfast even better .	pool	positive
the pool was great , the happy hour and breakfast even better .	breakfast	positive
really , terrible quality , terrible selection .	quality	negative
really , terrible quality , terrible selection .	selection	negative
i called and made an appointment for _num_ people for a pedicure and manicure .	pedicure	positive
i called and made an appointment for _num_ people for a pedicure and manicure .	manicure	positive
prices range from reasonable to surprisingly inexpensive .	prices	positive
the doctor is very honest man .	doctor	positive
margaritas and all food very good .	margaritas	positive
margaritas and all food very good .	food	positive
good service .	service	positive
it 's always a tasty italian experience with a great local business feel .	local business feel	positive
definitely the best thai place in old town .	thai place	positive
staff is super friendly which is awesome .	staff	positive
on top of that when they did locate my jewelry it was damaged .	jewelry	negative
lovely decor and prompt service .	decor	positive
lovely decor and prompt service .	service	positive
now it 's a major money drain .	money	negative
i will definitely use this company ongoing for any service i may need !	service	positive
blue adobe has something for everyone .	adobe	positive
somebody needs to rescue this dq .	dq	positive
lovely restaurant .	restaurant	positive
another bonus is the homemade pita ... delicious !	homemade pita	positive
we are very pleased with carpet source scottsdale .	carpet source	positive
terrible customer service .	customer service	negative
just got done having dinner with my wife .	dinner	negative
i also remembered the pitas have more in them and being better tasting overall .	pitas	positive
disappointing selections .	selections	negative
the entire appointment took _num_ minutes .	appointment	negative
great job rick !	rick	positive
for the entree we chose lobster spaghetti , chicken carbonara and baked ziti .	entree	positive
for the entree we chose lobster spaghetti , chicken carbonara and baked ziti .	lobster spaghetti	positive
for the entree we chose lobster spaghetti , chicken carbonara and baked ziti .	chicken carbonara	positive
for the entree we chose lobster spaghetti , chicken carbonara and baked ziti .	baked ziti	positive
cheap drinks , beautiful women , and shuffleboard .	drinks	positive
cheap drinks , beautiful women , and shuffleboard .	women	positive
cheap drinks , beautiful women , and shuffleboard .	shuffleboard	positive
customer service is poor at best .	customer service	negative
arizona 's best kept secret when it comes to the sesame chicken .	sesame chicken	positive
goes above and beyond to help with my _num_ cars .	cars	positive
no free wifi .	wifi	negative
wine - perfection !	wine	positive
in time their lousy customer service will catch up .	customer service	negative
love love love this store .	store	positive
how can you mess up tacos ?	tacos	negative
lunch is a really good deal too .	lunch	positive
the waitstaff was overall nice and they checked back at us here and there .	waitstaff	positive
brought in a new claim , body shop was fantastic .	body shop	positive
over and above customer care .	customer care	positive
by then a customers had given up and left without their food .	food	negative
excellent place to shop for food !	food	positive
now it 's not major but the job was not done perfect .	job	negative
allen was very friendly and professional !	allen	positive
they always have good sale items and the clerks are very nice and helpful !	sale items	positive
they always have good sale items and the clerks are very nice and helpful !	clerks	positive
phil is a nice guy and funny too !	phil	positive
croissant was also delicious .	croissant	positive
a customer and a waitress ( not even mine ) apologized .	customer	negative
a customer and a waitress ( not even mine ) apologized .	waitress	negative
it took away from the show and that is unfortunate .	show	negative
next , what a great selection .	selection	positive
the service is great .	service	positive
sitting at rula bula for the last time .	rula bula	positive
the heart was even totally wrong .	heart	negative
i love the fish tacos .	fish tacos	positive
most of the time , it 's one of the best places to go .	places	positive
the actual results were not that bad .	results	negative
go to jiffy lube on power and broadway . ''	jiffy lube	positive
also i tried a bite of huevos rancheros and they were quite good .	huevos rancheros	positive
matt , our server was top notch .	server	positive
it seems to be an installation problem to me .	installation	negative
the staff is friendly and knowledgable .	staff	positive
best ribs ever .	ribs	positive
the resort is gorgeous .	resort	positive
solid deals on some great veggies and fruit .	veggies	positive
solid deals on some great veggies and fruit .	fruit	positive
excellent service !	service	positive
beautiful restaurant , service and food .	restaurant	positive
beautiful restaurant , service and food .	service	positive
beautiful restaurant , service and food .	food	positive
the salsas look very homemade and the salsa verde was very very good .	salsas	positive
the salsas look very homemade and the salsa verde was very very good .	salsa verde	positive
he replaced our battery and our vehicle is running smoothly .	battery	negative
he replaced our battery and our vehicle is running smoothly .	vehicle	positive
seems dirty and staffs here are so rude to customers .	staffs	negative
seems dirty and staffs here are so rude to customers .	customers	negative
it has a variety of ice cream flavors .	ice cream flavors	positive
she did n't charge me for coffee .	coffee	negative
but , enjoy the food !	food	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
amazing verde sauce and coffee bar selections !	verde sauce	positive
amazing verde sauce and coffee bar selections !	coffee bar selections	positive
amazing italian food .	italian food	positive
i remember i sat down to eat and my sandwich fell apart .	sandwich	negative
they also have great holiday dinners for the family .	holiday dinners	positive
check this place out !	place	positive
hot fudge sundaes were a hit as well !	hot fudge sundaes	positive
worst customer service skills i have encountered .	customer service	negative
prices are reasonable , very clean and staff very friendly .	prices	positive
prices are reasonable , very clean and staff very friendly .	staff	positive
i also ordered tom yum soup and the flavor was totally off .	tom yum soup	negative
i also ordered tom yum soup and the flavor was totally off .	flavor	negative
cozy , friendly , good prices , and yummy food .	prices	positive
cozy , friendly , good prices , and yummy food .	food	positive
fast , friendly service , reasonable prices .	service	positive
fast , friendly service , reasonable prices .	prices	positive
one thing i can not overlook is bad service ... .	service	negative
they had a chance to land a client but failed on the first try .	client	negative
their strawberry pancakes are effing amazing !	strawberry pancakes	positive
great food , service was quick , great place for a quick lunch .	food	positive
great food , service was quick , great place for a quick lunch .	service	positive
great food , service was quick , great place for a quick lunch .	lunch	positive
the salad bar was really quite exceptional and unexpected .	salad bar	positive
love their scampi pizza .	scampi pizza	positive
thanks again tom and staff !	staff	positive
the employees are very helpful , knowledgeable , and friendly .	employees	positive
i hate this credit union .	credit union	negative
on top of that , the service was terrible .	service	negative
this outcome is , however , unacceptable .	outcome	negative
lindsey was our server and she was the best !	server	positive
great view and the bartender christian is awesome , very friendly and helpful .	view	positive
great view and the bartender christian is awesome , very friendly and helpful .	bartender christian	positive
and the owners we extremely pleasant .	owners	positive
we are here on business and absolutely love sushi .	sushi	positive
very nice aaa office in the safeway shopping center .	office	positive
and she gave me _num_ more pairs .	pairs	positive
did not tell me it would be $ _num_ for extra sauce .	extra sauce	negative
his referrals are excellent , and his staff is friendly and efficient .	referrals	positive
his referrals are excellent , and his staff is friendly and efficient .	staff	positive
the only good thing i can say was the service was fast .	service	positive
this will always be my favorite place to shop .	place	positive
no wonder the place was ( not ) hopping on a saturday night !	place	negative
if i was a local it would be a regular spot !	spot	positive
my order was wrong and it was way too expensive .	order	negative
i can not wait to see this business fail due to the economy .	business	positive
i can not wait to see this business fail due to the economy .	economy	positive
too bad there 's really no late night spots in the valley .	spots	negative
love love love kazimierz !	kazimierz	positive
obviously does n't like visitors .	visitors	negative
rooms are very comfortable and the beds and bedding luxurious .	rooms	positive
rooms are very comfortable and the beds and bedding luxurious .	beds	positive
rooms are very comfortable and the beds and bedding luxurious .	bedding	positive
we traveled two hours to see the vehicle only to be greatly disappointed .	vehicle	negative
the place was dirty , way crowded with crap products .	place	negative
the place was dirty , way crowded with crap products .	products	negative
the waitstaff was great .	waitstaff	positive
bartender was super rude !	bartender	negative
wow anna the waitress was the rudest one one here .	waitress	negative
it has become my favorite place for tilapia or steak .	tilapia	positive
it has become my favorite place for tilapia or steak .	steak	positive
the server was knowledgable and enthusiastic about the food and menu .	server	positive
the server was knowledgable and enthusiastic about the food and menu .	food	positive
the server was knowledgable and enthusiastic about the food and menu .	menu	positive
thank you residence inn scottsdale for a wonderful stay !	residence	positive
thank you residence inn scottsdale for a wonderful stay !	stay	positive
they enjoyed the shrimp linguini which looked good as well .	shrimp linguini	positive
this place is obnoxious .	place	negative
i highly recommend them for all your printing needs .	printing	positive
so new mex .	mex	positive
this place used to be _num_ stars to me .	place	positive
total with delivery $ _num_ , great deal , very good pizza !	pizza	positive
knew nothing about the car , warranty , anything .	car	negative
knew nothing about the car , warranty , anything .	warranty	negative
cowboy ciao was so good !	cowboy ciao	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the food is really good !	food	positive
entree was not served until after 9:00 pm .	entree	negative
entree was not served until after 9:00 pm .	served	negative
the services was unfriendly to say the least .	services	negative
our favorite italian in the east valley .	italian	positive
they will get the job done !	job	positive
chips were greasy , salsa was bland ... .	chips	negative
chips were greasy , salsa was bland ... .	salsa	negative
amazing food , great service and awesome dessert !	food	positive
amazing food , great service and awesome dessert !	service	positive
amazing food , great service and awesome dessert !	dessert	positive
the bagels were very salty tasting and hard .	bagels	negative
the turkey had absolutely no taste at all .	turkey	negative
food tastes great and hot .	food	positive
kind of disappointed in you , los olivos .	los olivos	negative
i would not recommend a business that is not honest .	business	negative
jennifer and the staff are great !	staff	positive
just had a wonderful meal with my wife .	meal	positive
everyone is very friendly !	everyone	positive
the wash is nothing special .	wash	negative
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	customers	negative
great delivery , great food .	delivery	positive
great delivery , great food .	food	positive
employees are always rude .	employees	negative
a casual fun place.	place.	positive
i recommend getting all your beauty needs at sephora !	beauty needs	positive
i recommend getting all your beauty needs at sephora !	sephora	positive
disappointed in the shoe department .	shoe department	negative
its dark , the drinks are cheap , and theres room for great bands .	drinks	positive
its dark , the drinks are cheap , and theres room for great bands .	bands	positive
loved the hot wings and the patio beers .	hot wings	positive
loved the hot wings and the patio beers .	patio beers	positive
smell was awful .	smell	negative
what server does n't check in on drinks , especially when the food arrives ?	server	negative
what server does n't check in on drinks , especially when the food arrives ?	drinks	negative
what server does n't check in on drinks , especially when the food arrives ?	food	negative
but i love this place .	place	positive
very honest , competent staff .	staff	positive
best old dive in town !	dive	positive
food is delicious and we always have so much fun .	food	positive
i love their black forest cake , too !	black forest cake	positive
my favorite sub shop .	sub shop	positive
television , internet connection , fridge worked .	television	positive
television , internet connection , fridge worked .	internet connection	positive
it was worth the drive .	drive	positive
i love jade palace !	jade palace	positive
the waiting time in the clinic is too long .	waiting time	negative
over priced , mediocre and bland sushi .	priced	negative
over priced , mediocre and bland sushi .	sushi	negative
i do n't understand the reviews of the restaurant .	restaurant	negative
i ordered chicken teriyaki for $ _num_ and could not eat it .	chicken teriyaki	negative
happy savings .	savings	positive
this time , i made a special trip to sugar bowl with the kids .	sugar bowl	positive
we were happy he could have his own practice .	practice	positive
the variety of all the desserts is amazing and it tastes fresh .	variety	positive
the variety of all the desserts is amazing and it tastes fresh .	desserts	positive
great atmosphere and service .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and service .	service	positive
if i would have paid full price , i would have been upset .	price	negative
food is good and comes out very quickly .	food	positive
excellent beer selection and laid back atmosphere .	beer selection	positive
excellent beer selection and laid back atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
their summer happy hour is great and runs through _num_ pm !	summer happy	positive
my husband and i were really impressed with this little place !	place	positive
they charge full price for an event they only have half the merchandise .	price	negative
they charge full price for an event they only have half the merchandise .	merchandise	negative
satisfactory pedi good price .	price	positive
great guy and great place !	guy	positive
great guy and great place !	place	positive
the staff is incredible .	staff	positive
great job !	job	positive
no happy belly on this trip .	belly	negative
if you 're a woman , skip this course and spend your money elsewhere !	course	negative
if you 're a woman , skip this course and spend your money elsewhere !	money	negative
cool place once you find it .	place	positive
this is the worst mexican food i have ever eaten !	mexican food	negative
we usually order thin crust , but sandwich are good as well .	crust	positive
we usually order thin crust , but sandwich are good as well .	sandwich	positive
very attentive and friendly staff .	staff	positive
always enjoy carlsbad tavern when i visit scottsdale .	carlsbad tavern	positive
i kind of think this place is highly overrated .	place	negative
this is definitely my spot for cigars in scottsdale .	spot	positive
this is definitely my spot for cigars in scottsdale .	cigars	positive
we also ordered the seared tuna and the citrus yellowtail tapas .	seared tuna	positive
we also ordered the seared tuna and the citrus yellowtail tapas .	citrus yellowtail tapas	positive
im glad its still open and provides great smoothies !	smoothies	positive
reasonable prices and honest service .	prices	positive
reasonable prices and honest service .	service	positive
i highly recommend the calzone or stromboli .	calzone	positive
i highly recommend the calzone or stromboli .	stromboli	positive
really good , clean tasting ( even the fried dishes ) chinese .	fried dishes	positive
very bland , i ca n't even finish my dish .	dish	negative
we had a mediocre dinner tonight .	dinner	negative
for the price , it was all worth it .	price	positive
the management response to this review will not change our minds .	management	positive
the staff , doctor , and nurses were excellent .	staff	positive
the staff , doctor , and nurses were excellent .	doctor	positive
the staff , doctor , and nurses were excellent .	nurses	positive
great company !	company	positive
when the food came one meal was not even there .	food	negative
when the food came one meal was not even there .	meal	negative
very quaint and great place for sushi !	sushi	positive
the margarita pizza tasted like it had canned tomato sauce on it .	margarita pizza	negative
the margarita pizza tasted like it had canned tomato sauce on it .	canned tomato sauce	negative
lots of great food and drinks to go around .	food	positive
lots of great food and drinks to go around .	drinks	positive
it 's not really french food and the decor is n't really french either .	french food	negative
it 's not really french food and the decor is n't really french either .	decor	negative
it 's rare you experience a car salesman who actually cares about the customer .	customer	positive
the food here is outstanding .	food	positive
awesome tacos .	tacos	positive
the grilled cheese has hardly any cheese in it .	grilled cheese	negative
the servers are friendly , prompt and attentive .	servers	positive
the service not only ruined our dinner , but the rest of our night .	service	negative
the service not only ruined our dinner , but the rest of our night .	dinner	negative
great sandwich , good price , outdoor seating is a plus as well .	sandwich	positive
great sandwich , good price , outdoor seating is a plus as well .	price	positive
great sandwich , good price , outdoor seating is a plus as well .	outdoor seating	positive
very fair pricing .	pricing	positive
the space definitely makes up for that .	space	positive
i had frank 's enchilada plate and it was wonderful .	enchilada plate	positive
i love going to this store .	store	positive
had a nice time looking at the variety of old train cars .	train cars	positive
my best bar in all of arizona .	bar	positive
horrible waste of my saturday .	saturday	negative
this is a beautiful property with the most obnoxious management .	property	positive
this is a beautiful property with the most obnoxious management .	management	negative
best chorizo and eggs in the valley .	chorizo	positive
best chorizo and eggs in the valley .	eggs	positive
and the german shepherd owner bond goes a long way with us !	german shepherd owner bond	positive
great tacos , lots of drinks , and a remarkably tacky atmosphere .	tacos	positive
great tacos , lots of drinks , and a remarkably tacky atmosphere .	drinks	positive
great tacos , lots of drinks , and a remarkably tacky atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
they always seem to really appreciate my business when i come in .	business	positive
terri runs the office like a finely tuned machine ... she is great !	office	positive
thanks guys keep up the good work it is noticed !	work	positive
the food was not that great.	food	negative
the only thing good about this place was nothing .	place	negative
don and charlie 's is one of our favorite restaurants we frequent in scottsdale .	restaurants	positive
great customer service !	customer service	positive
love this place brings me back to my childhood in the _num_ 's .	place	positive
always a great place to see some unusual art !	art	positive
wow ... who would 've thought ordering a pizza could ruin your night .	pizza	negative
the village tavern is always our fav place for dinner or happy hour .	fav	positive
the village tavern is always our fav place for dinner or happy hour .	dinner	positive
excellent food .	food	positive
little area that can get high energy real quick .	area	negative
bad business .	business	negative
amazing food , warm accommodating atmosphere and did i mention the food ?	food	positive
amazing food , warm accommodating atmosphere and did i mention the food ?	atmosphere	positive
amazing food , warm accommodating atmosphere and did i mention the food ?	food	positive
this is a tiny , independent establishment ... and i loved it .	establishment	positive
best place for food after _num_ .	food	positive
i really enjoy simple northern mexican food and this place hits the spot .	northern mexican food	positive
i truly adore these ladies and highly recommend them .	ladies	positive
dealt with jessica and bob and both were a pleasure .	jessica	positive
dealt with jessica and bob and both were a pleasure .	bob	positive
and the spinach , whoa , the spinach !	spinach	positive
and the spinach , whoa , the spinach !	spinach	positive
one of our favorite places in the phoenix area for sure .	places	positive
the location is n't the best .	location	negative
excellent food and reasonably priced .	food	positive
excellent food and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
delivery was late and after _num_ try 's with local store i called corporate .	delivery	negative
the salad came out and looked beautiful only a lot smaller than i thought .	salad	positive
there was _num_ lousy fan blowing .	fan	negative
no service and no people .	service	negative
the service at charleston 's has truly gone downhill .	service	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
love the eggplant subs !	eggplant subs	positive
great service with a smile .	service	positive
i believe it 's the best bread in az .	bread	positive
we have large plates for the meal , but no small plates .	plates	positive
we have large plates for the meal , but no small plates .	meal	positive
their prices are very reasonable and the sushi is very fresh .	prices	positive
their prices are very reasonable and the sushi is very fresh .	sushi	positive
the food is absolutely amazing .	food	positive
then i ordered the salmon miso with rice and veggies .	salmon miso	positive
it is wonderful italian food .	italian food	positive
no fresh vegetables ... everything frozen ... and loaded with msg .	fresh vegetables	negative
no fresh vegetables ... everything frozen ... and loaded with msg .	msg	negative
i can no longer recommend the jeweler which is a shame .	jeweler	negative
if you 're in the phoenix area , try a different maricopa college .	maricopa	positive
at _num_ i called and was told delivery would be _num_ minutes .	delivery	positive
great little roadhouse .	roadhouse	positive
small place & i 'm so glad i found it !	place	negative
service is pretty good .	service	positive
the menu is varied and creative .	menu	positive
i love the ambiance , the crowd , and the music !	ambiance	positive
i love the ambiance , the crowd , and the music !	crowd	positive
i love the ambiance , the crowd , and the music !	music	positive
i give this place zero stars !	place	negative
ordered a few times , pizza has been great each time .	pizza	positive
service is very bad and slow .	service	negative
katie 's is great .	katie	positive
had it in an enchilada , with a pork tamale , everything was great !	enchilada	positive
had it in an enchilada , with a pork tamale , everything was great !	pork tamale	positive
my mom enjoyed her massage also .	massage	positive
c ) the wait staff was barely courteous .	wait staff	negative
the burro was small for $ _num_ and not very filling .	burro	negative
the food is delicious and the staff is super friendly !	food	positive
the food is delicious and the staff is super friendly !	staff	positive
i ordered it medium rare and it was cooked to perfection .	cooked	positive
ultimately , the expected quality for the price paid just is n't there .	quality	negative
ultimately , the expected quality for the price paid just is n't there .	price	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
josh was extremely professional , polite , knowledgeable and thorough .	josh	positive
first shop failed and second shop was fantastic .	shop	positive
first shop failed and second shop was fantastic .	shop	positive
place is so good .	place	positive
anything you want ice cream wise , they will deliver !	ice cream	positive
got the green chile pork , was outstanding .	green chile pork	positive
the pictures on the website showed no major issues with the interior at all .	pictures	positive
the pictures on the website showed no major issues with the interior at all .	interior	positive
great appetizers and great food !	appetizers	positive
great appetizers and great food !	food	positive
good shrimp lo main .	shrimp lo main	positive
place is clean though and i do love they 're happy hour .	place	positive
first time having dinner here and it was delicious !	dinner	positive
great quality food for a reasonable price .	quality food	positive
great quality food for a reasonable price .	price	positive
very busy , always a wait to get in .	wait	negative
the service was tremendous sitting at the bar .	service	positive
the service was tremendous sitting at the bar .	bar	positive
we were one of _num_ tables and had to wait _num_ minutes for food .	tables	negative
we were one of _num_ tables and had to wait _num_ minutes for food .	food	negative
a+ customer service .	customer service	positive
the big plate chicken way too dry like cooked overnight .	big plate chicken	negative
garlic naan was the best !	garlic naan	positive
cold food , no flavor , and crappy service .	cold food	negative
cold food , no flavor , and crappy service .	flavor	negative
cold food , no flavor , and crappy service .	service	negative
the gourmet burger was pretty boring as well .	gourmet burger	negative
f this place !	place	positive
great pizza and the wings were tasty !	pizza	positive
great pizza and the wings were tasty !	wings	positive
the cucumber roll was boring .	cucumber roll	negative
its one of the few things my picky son will eat .	son	positive
the service is first-rate , and the beds are fantastic .	service	positive
the service is first-rate , and the beds are fantastic .	beds	positive
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	dishes	negative
our favorite course ?	course	positive
the last time , i noticed the prime rib quality slipped a bit .	prime rib quality	negative
today was _num_ mins for chicken fingers and fries .	chicken fingers	positive
today was _num_ mins for chicken fingers and fries .	fries	positive
love this gorgeous az resort !	az resort	positive
the service was great and reminded me of european style service .	service	positive
the service was great and reminded me of european style service .	service	positive
dead , but still ants .	ants	negative
this is one of the best korean places i 've been to in az .	korean places	positive
she 's got a perfect personality for the nail biz .	nail biz	positive
i 've been to mesa arts center twice , and i love it !	mesa	positive
i have eaten there several times ; always good service ; great food .	service	positive
i have eaten there several times ; always good service ; great food .	food	positive
this is the best menudo i 've had in the valley so far .	menudo	positive
i wo n't even get started on the disappointment in the food .	food	negative
will not buy lv again !	lv	negative
gone through some changes and still a beautiful resort .	resort	positive
the food here is not good .	food	negative
this place is expensive , especially for what it is .	place	negative
the host returned and told us a _num_ hour wait .	host	negative
the host returned and told us a _num_ hour wait .	wait	negative
the service was horrible .	service	negative
hi have had good luck with this company .	company	positive
great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
after one attempt i figure lets use visa .	visa	negative
the managers are helpful , especially keith .	managers	positive
simply amazing and wonderful customer service !	customer service	positive
just overall a great place !	place	positive
then recently lost _num_ shirts and _num_ dress pants when dry cleaning .	dress pants	negative
great stuff !	stuff	positive
it took me _num_ min in the drive thru to get one sandwich combo .	sandwich combo	negative
there 's always fresh produce here .	produce	positive
very gracious and accommodating staff .	staff	positive
best clinic that i have found in the valley .	clinic	positive
$ _num_ for a mixed drink in a plastic cup .	mixed drink	negative
love the place !	place	positive
fixtures are original over twenty years ago and have not been updated or cleaned .	fixtures	positive
this place rocks !	place	positive
the two ladies that helped me were so incredibly sweet .	ladies	positive
but horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
when walking in , the decor is old and drab .	decor	negative
calling gm on monday .	gm	positive
i did not notice it in the beginning because of the sauce .	sauce	negative
it did n't come out until the rest of our food .	food	negative
this is my new favorite restaurant !	restaurant	positive
soooo many tvs , perfect for football !	tvs	positive
soooo many tvs , perfect for football !	football	positive
this is a good place to start .	place	positive
the bartender said `` nothing . ''	bartender	negative
last week , i had the ribs .	ribs	negative
waitress recommended the spinach dip ... .	waitress	positive
waitress recommended the spinach dip ... .	spinach dip	positive
margaritas are good .	margaritas	positive
it does n't seem they care much what happens after they have your money .	money	negative
great service !	service	positive
was very happy with the vets approach and the clinic .	vets approach	positive
was very happy with the vets approach and the clinic .	clinic	positive
the people in the shop are good with natural and processed hair !	people	positive
the people in the shop are good with natural and processed hair !	hair	positive
also , the service is always great and they are on top of things .	service	positive
thank you for such a great meal !	meal	positive
the ambiance is divey but cute .	ambiance	positive
unfortunately you lost a customer who has been using your shop for _num_ years .	customer	negative
unfortunately you lost a customer who has been using your shop for _num_ years .	shop	negative
so yes i get it , i took a risk buying a used car .	used	negative
food is high quality and fresh every time .	food	positive
fridays are the best !	fridays	positive
i love the food here .	food	positive
_num_ ) we didnt even get our salads or soups .	salads	negative
_num_ ) we didnt even get our salads or soups .	soups	negative
liar , i read the tag , that 's why i knew the price .	price	negative
the italian was good , so was the chef salad .	italian	positive
the italian was good , so was the chef salad .	chef salad	positive
i saw some really good cars go for very reasonable prices .	cars	positive
i saw some really good cars go for very reasonable prices .	prices	positive
joanna can make anything look good on anyone !	joanna	positive
there is a cozy little bar and a restaurant .	bar	positive
hopefully the service will be a little more upbeat now .	service	positive
everything tasted perfect and the serving sizes were more than generous .	serving sizes	positive
staff was very friendly and personable .	staff	positive
it has a south pacific theme .	south	positive
alright , i 'm being too harsh on this place .	place	negative
the rental equipment was far from new .	rental equipment	negative
an employee even insulted me to my face as i walked out the door .	employee	negative
the bread in the sliders has sometimes been tasty and other times stale .	bread in the sliders	positive
small and quaint place with a friendly atmosphere .	place	positive
small and quaint place with a friendly atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
kona is a nice place to go for drinks and a meal .	drinks	positive
kona is a nice place to go for drinks and a meal .	meal	positive
sushi is supposed to be served at room temperature , not cold .	sushi	positive
sushi is supposed to be served at room temperature , not cold .	served	positive
the food arrived in good time and the chicken was tasty , if lukewarm .	food	positive
the food arrived in good time and the chicken was tasty , if lukewarm .	chicken	positive
this is a great spot !	spot	positive
i love mexican food .	mexican food	positive
this location was disgusting .	location	negative
terrible service .	service	negative
ask for him and make the good egg experience even better .	egg	positive
this place was such a wonderful experience .	place	positive
found water n ice on yelp and headed over .	water n	positive
definitely the worst bar i 've ever been to .	bar	negative
_num_ minutes after that our server took both drink and food orders .	server	negative
_num_ minutes after that our server took both drink and food orders .	drink	negative
_num_ minutes after that our server took both drink and food orders .	food orders	negative
this store is the best.	store	positive
there was very little hollandaise sauce .	hollandaise sauce	negative
awesome east coast style pizza !	pizza	positive
even charged us a gratuity for something the place did n't deserve !	place	negative
bring plenty of water , sunscreen , and a hat !	water	positive
bring plenty of water , sunscreen , and a hat !	sunscreen	positive
bring plenty of water , sunscreen , and a hat !	hat	positive
i will never go to this walgreens again .	walgreens	negative
this was the absolute worst bar i have ever been to .	bar	negative
in terms of customer service , they 're less than stellar ... for sure .	customer service	negative
my kids are _num_ and _num_ and they love it there .	_num_	positive
great selection !	selection	positive
the fried rice was not fried rice .	fried rice	negative
the fried rice was not fried rice .	fried rice	negative
my favorite chinese place ever .	chinese place	positive
happy hour prices for both drinks and bar menu are all day on sunday .	prices	positive
happy hour prices for both drinks and bar menu are all day on sunday .	drinks	positive
happy hour prices for both drinks and bar menu are all day on sunday .	bar menu	positive
terrible customer service .	customer service	negative
the teachers are awful also .	teachers	negative
the food here is well prepared and extremely tasty !	food	positive
if you 're looking for a good basic breakfast , this is the place .	basic breakfast	positive
my baby was throwing up blood .	baby	negative
amazing food and drinks !	food	positive
amazing food and drinks !	drinks	positive
love this place !	place	positive
asu gammage was horrible , even though the show ( wicked ) was amazing .	show	negative
well i love this place !	place	positive
very reasonably priced happy hour food menu !	happy hour food menu	positive
the staff is great and helpful .	staff	positive
hopefully you do n't also get a paper towel chimichanga !	paper towel chimichanga	negative
those poor life guards will throw the book at ya .	life guards	negative
the pickle was really soggy too .	pickle	negative
nice size outdoor patio - an outdoor patio is essential for a az bar .	outdoor patio	positive
nice size outdoor patio - an outdoor patio is essential for a az bar .	az bar	positive
the chicken in the chicken thai salad was dry and hard .	chicken in the chicken thai salad	negative
i found this place on google and decided to give it a try .	place	positive
the stetson chopped salad is a must .	stetson chopped salad	positive
great food , good prices .	food	positive
great food , good prices .	prices	positive
tender juicy and full of flavor .	flavor	positive
its also in a great location and has a great friendly staff .	location	positive
its also in a great location and has a great friendly staff .	staff	positive
should you have a similar experience contact your hr department or safety coordinator .	hr	positive
should you have a similar experience contact your hr department or safety coordinator .	safety	positive
best nail salon i have experienced in a long time .	nail salon	positive
rick is very professional and respectful of your home .	rick	positive
rick is very professional and respectful of your home .	home	positive
whenever i visit this location my ice cream is always runny and melted .	ice cream	negative
the salsa was too spicy , the guacamole was good .	salsa	positive
the salsa was too spicy , the guacamole was good .	guacamole	positive
the staff is always super nice .	staff	positive
you will not find better prices , but you get what you pay for .	prices	negative
the food is always fresh and good .	food	positive
the jukebox is one of the best i have heard in some time .	jukebox	positive
they have great salsa , queso , and chips .	salsa	positive
they have great salsa , queso , and chips .	queso	positive
they have great salsa , queso , and chips .	chips	positive
awesome service our server was so sweet !	service	positive
awesome service our server was so sweet !	server	positive
the burritos are flavorful , fast and a great value .	burritos	positive
this place has ruined my whole weekend !	place	negative
also the wasabi is good which is important ... strong and potent .	wasabi	positive
we got two cannolis and an order of baklava both were very good .	cannolis	positive
we got two cannolis and an order of baklava both were very good .	order of baklava	positive
diner beware , the owner is nuts .	owner	negative
the food is great , and the service is too !	food	positive
the food is great , and the service is too !	service	positive
all pasta dishes are as good as you will find .	pasta dishes	positive
everything we 've had has been good , including the service .	service	positive
goes well with a beer or margarita !	beer	positive
goes well with a beer or margarita !	margarita	positive
i thought the selection was pretty good too .	selection	positive
the cocktails , wine and drinks have always been solid .	cocktails	positive
the cocktails , wine and drinks have always been solid .	wine	positive
the cocktails , wine and drinks have always been solid .	drinks	positive
great food , great and friendly service .	food	positive
great food , great and friendly service .	service	positive
have been buying accessories and batteries for years .	accessories	positive
have been buying accessories and batteries for years .	batteries	positive
there is no excuse for ignorant management .	management	negative
very fair rates .	rates	positive
we are thai so we know how good thai food should be .	thai food	positive
portions were a little small and the service was meh !	portions	negative
portions were a little small and the service was meh !	service	negative
horrible service .	service	negative
i did not get sick , it just was not good tasting .	tasting	negative
the portions are generous , filling you up when you 're hungry .	portions	positive
$ _num_ martinis ( perfect full pours ) and really good margaritas .	margaritas	positive
definitely recommend this place !	place	positive
service terrible .	service	negative
bartenders are attentive and the staff runs a good operation .	bartenders	positive
bartenders are attentive and the staff runs a good operation .	staff	positive
she received amazing care .	care	positive
this place and hertz in general lost a loyal customer .	place	negative
this place and hertz in general lost a loyal customer .	customer	negative
food here is super tasty and fresh .	food	positive
love the patio and the atmosphere of the restaurant .	patio	positive
love the patio and the atmosphere of the restaurant .	atmosphere	positive
i could n't find a spot initially because the lot was so full .	spot	negative
i could n't find a spot initially because the lot was so full .	lot	negative
authentic new york and italy style .	style	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
she has been cutting my girlfriend 's and my hair for years .	hair	negative
we walked out and went down the street for lunch .	lunch	positive
the casual outdoor seating with misters makes for a pleasant evening .	casual outdoor seating with	positive
their is nothing authentic about the `` mexican '' food they offer .	food	negative
placing the order was a breeze and the service friendly .	service	positive
i will agree with some reviewers , that this place is dark inside .	place	negative
just by a washer and dryer instead or go someplace else .	washer	negative
just by a washer and dryer instead or go someplace else .	dryer	negative
great service !	service	positive
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .	menu	positive
damn good pizza .	pizza	positive
we asked for our money back and will not be visiting again .	money	negative
an incorrect meal was delivered stone cold and incorrect .	meal	negative
i 've had a sandwich and pizza and enjoyed both .	sandwich	positive
i 've had a sandwich and pizza and enjoyed both .	pizza	positive
this is my local target and i love it .	target	positive
i 'm pretty sure it was just sauted vegetables in a bland flour tortilla .	vegetables	negative
i 'm pretty sure it was just sauted vegetables in a bland flour tortilla .	flour tortilla	negative
the employees were friendly , efficient and very knowledgable about their trade .	employees	positive
i really liked this salon !	salon	positive
i always buy my favorite wine here .	wine	positive
always such a great experience with scottsdale pet hotel !	scottsdale pet hotel	positive
the food is very fresh with herbs from their onsite , organic garden .	food	positive
the food is very fresh with herbs from their onsite , organic garden .	herbs	positive
good for kids _num_ and under .	kids _num_	positive
we love this place .	place	positive
and great personnel .	personnel	positive
it was clean with fresh ingredients and meat cut just right for preparation .	ingredients	positive
it was clean with fresh ingredients and meat cut just right for preparation .	meat	positive
avoid at all costs ... .	costs	positive
the place is very clean and new .	place	positive
the service is slow and unorganized .	service	negative
first the salad went to gross .	salad	negative
pretty good breakfast burritos , love the salsa packets !	breakfast burritos	positive
pretty good breakfast burritos , love the salsa packets !	salsa packets	positive
love the new `` bar '' !	bar	positive
excellent management .	management	positive
both doctors are very nice , & very knowledgable .	doctors	positive
truly a great night !	night	positive
it has great ambiance , wonderful service and amazing food .	ambiance	positive
it has great ambiance , wonderful service and amazing food .	service	positive
it has great ambiance , wonderful service and amazing food .	food	positive
i loved shows at mesa arts .	shows	positive
still the best greek food in phoenix .	greek food	positive
i 've been to ra a few times and the sushi is alright .	sushi	positive
the pizza was good , but the service was slow .	pizza	positive
the pizza was good , but the service was slow .	service	negative
this guy clearly does n't care about doing right by his customers .	customers	negative
impact was very professional and friendly .	impact	positive
the wine list is as good as advertised , and the food is also .	wine list	positive
the wine list is as good as advertised , and the food is also .	food	positive
i keep going back to papago , hoping my dining experience will change .	papago	positive
i keep going back to papago , hoping my dining experience will change .	dining experience	positive
sure enough , the nasty girl - erica , was our waitress .	waitress	negative
this alteration place is fantastic !	alteration place	positive
the food is excellent and kinda unique for the area .	food	positive
the food is excellent and kinda unique for the area .	area	positive
all in all , good place to go for servicing your vehicle .	vehicle	positive
best service is right in front of the guy making the food .	service	negative
best service is right in front of the guy making the food .	food	negative
i would not recommend this place .	place	negative
_num_ % of service to _num_ % of the tables .	service	positive
_num_ % of service to _num_ % of the tables .	tables	positive
the room was smelly .	room	negative
the golf course was not in great shape .	golf course	negative
excellent service .	service	positive
the food here is super good .	food	positive
the service was lousy , main tv was out , management could care less .	service	negative
the service was lousy , main tv was out , management could care less .	main tv	negative
the service was lousy , main tv was out , management could care less .	management	negative
i have traveled here twice for work .	work	negative
the staff is good and consistent .	staff	positive
the rice and _num_ were fine .	rice	positive
the rice and _num_ were fine .	_num_	positive
in all , this is not my type of place .	place	negative
i like the environment but it can get really noisy when busy .	environment	positive
after we showed up for our reservation we waited another _num_ minutes .	reservation	negative
everything was amazing and portions were huge !	portions	positive
finally found an auto repair shop i can trust .	auto repair shop	positive
by far the best tasting home made mexican food in the valley .	mexican food	positive
after the show we learned there was some sort of sewage problem going on .	sewage problem	negative
i highly recommend dr. sullivan !	dr.	positive
made great menu suggestion and was very nice !	menu suggestion	positive
the bartender came up to me and asked if she could get me anything .	bartender	positive
both are delicious !	both	positive
baristas are always pretty chill and friendly .	baristas	positive
jeremy , our server , was fantastic !	server	positive
enjoy the store and the prices .	store	positive
enjoy the store and the prices .	prices	positive
more than that , though , is the great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
the regulars that perform are great too .	regulars	positive
remember it does not come with any pasta , just the chicken .	pasta	negative
remember it does not come with any pasta , just the chicken .	chicken	negative
great people !	people	positive
i find this complex quiet , very clean and always kept up .	quiet	positive
the atmosphere is a sports lovers dream .	atmosphere	positive
woke up the next day with the same symptoms !	symptoms	negative
great customer service .	customer service	positive
skip the entrees !	entrees	negative
one of the best biker bars in the phoenix area .	biker bars	positive
( that would have been $ _num_ per person for the dinner buffet . )	dinner buffet	positive
while the food is decent it certainly wont impress yelpers .	food	positive
do not give them your email address !	email address	negative
the service and chop salad was the only great thing here .	service	positive
the service and chop salad was the only great thing here .	chop salad	positive
eventually i was - no luck on the plate .	plate	negative
burger had little to no frys .	burger	negative
burger had little to no frys .	frys	negative
rude server .	server	negative
everyone is so outgoing .	everyone	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
this starbucks is by far the best .	starbucks	positive
i 've tried a couple other rather unremarkable dishes too .	dishes	negative
it was a nice place .	place	positive
we just moved here from california , i found this veterinarian office on yelp .	veterinarian office	negative
i could not believe how overpriced this store is .	store	positive
the prices are unreasonable for the portions and quality of food .	prices	negative
the prices are unreasonable for the portions and quality of food .	portions	negative
the prices are unreasonable for the portions and quality of food .	quality of food	negative
amazing staff and amazing facility .	staff	positive
amazing staff and amazing facility .	facility	positive
the help is polite and i love the sweet tea .	help	positive
the help is polite and i love the sweet tea .	sweet tea	positive
great food !	food	positive
worst place ever !	place	negative
food , absolutely horrible .	food	negative
luckily , before i committed to anything , i found bike shop .	bike	positive
desperately need to update their equipment .	equipment	negative
great place to go visit and watch a show for two .	place	positive
great place to go visit and watch a show for two .	show	positive
but the spinach salad was bad .	spinach salad	negative
i would recommend him to anyone looking for a new stylist !	stylist	positive
love this place .	place	positive
the house chianti , fantastic .	house chianti	positive
i had a massage here earlier today from denise c and it was phenomenal !	massage	positive
the billing department is a complete rip off .	billing department	negative
love my hair cuts from erica .	hair	positive
great service and atmosphere .	service	positive
great service and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great italian grub in the desert .	italian grub in the desert	positive
all the food is wonderful , though .	food	positive
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	coupon site	positive
cold , bland , terrible pizza .	pizza	negative
i would recommend this company especially for large vehicles .	vehicles	positive
too many onions and the seaweed used in the soup was nasty .	onions	negative
too many onions and the seaweed used in the soup was nasty .	seaweed	negative
too many onions and the seaweed used in the soup was nasty .	soup	negative
the owner of this restaurant is the rudest person i have ever encountered .	owner	negative
anyways i might give this place one more shot to try the chicken shawarma .	chicken shawarma	positive
lukewarm pizza under heating lamps that is dried out and extremely overpriced !	pizza	negative
very nice steakhouse .	steakhouse	positive
no guest should be treated this way .	guest	negative
best italian food in az !	italian food	positive
i read some reviews , people said it was japanese style sushi .	sushi	positive
do n't go here unless you 're ok with mediocre service and terrible management .	service	negative
do n't go here unless you 're ok with mediocre service and terrible management .	management	negative
very sweet and knowledgable staff eager to share a story or experience .	staff	positive
$ _num_ a head to sit on a freakin ' bench ?	bench	negative
food cooked right and timed great !	food	positive
ranch was forgotten .	ranch	negative
the machaca beef is so delicious .	machaca beef	positive
so pretty and fun for the kiddo .	kiddo	positive
however , that did n't help with the flavor at all .	flavor	negative
however , this place is amazing .	place	positive
staff is very courteous and knowledgable .	staff	positive
the problem was that was about all that was great about the place .	place	positive
zizzo is great .	zizzo	positive
i only eat here if it 's 2am and my neighbor wants pizza .	pizza	positive
bagel = dry / flavorless .	bagel	negative
this is a bad way to treat your customers .	customers	negative
great service .	service	positive
food is tremendous , service impeccable .	food	positive
food is tremendous , service impeccable .	service	positive
the outside area is a wonderful experience .	outside area	positive
my nails look absolutely horrible .	nails	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
great gyros and super nice owners .	gyros	positive
great gyros and super nice owners .	owners	positive
donuts here are fresh and legit ... staff are friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
i worked with a women named tracy and she was rude and very inconsiderate !	women	negative
i tried the spaghetti bolognese and it was amazingly good .	spaghetti bolognese	positive
great place to go !	place	positive
the atmosphere is ok and they have a great patio .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is ok and they have a great patio .	patio	positive
the rice bland , egg roll tasted funny and was burnt .	rice bland	negative
the rice bland , egg roll tasted funny and was burnt .	egg roll	negative
i recommend driving down the street to tandoori times instead .	tandoori	positive
my dog always looks fantastic when i pick him up !	dog	positive
really great customer service !	customer service	positive
the venue is in bad need of a thorough renovation .	venue	negative
my husband and i love this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
service tried hard so that counts .	service	negative
vets are amazing and so patient and caring .	vets	positive
will never return to this location ; possibly never to any location .	location	negative
will never return to this location ; possibly never to any location .	location	negative
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
this is after i paid $ _num_ to see a band .	band	positive
the chicken is a healthy choice , but smells better than it tastes .	chicken	positive
the pizza is by far the best over dominos .	pizza	positive
lost my business for the future .	business	negative
our bartender was great !	bartender	positive
as i stated above , i find this place disgusting .	place	negative
all around just gross would never come here again .	gross	negative
it 's a dated location but clean and the ice cream variety is good .	location	negative
it 's a dated location but clean and the ice cream variety is good .	ice cream variety	positive
the baristas are always extremely pleasant and accommodating .	baristas	positive
awesome desserts !	desserts	positive
the setting is beautiful and relaxing , the staff warm and friendly .	setting	positive
the setting is beautiful and relaxing , the staff warm and friendly .	staff	positive
the surroundings are gorgeous and the staff on site were so kind and accommodating .	surroundings	positive
the surroundings are gorgeous and the staff on site were so kind and accommodating .	staff	positive
she spent most of her time chatting with the bartender .	bartender	negative
classic pancakes .	classic pancakes	positive
all of it was like leftovers from other plates .	plates	negative
i have waited _num_ hours and still have not had my car looked at .	car	negative
i finally found my wax lady !	wax lady	positive
another _num_ minutes later our food arrived .	food	positive
great coupons .	coupons	positive
the food is mediocre and the staff are total jerks .	food	negative
the food is mediocre and the staff are total jerks .	staff	negative
classic american steakhouse with a baseball twist !	american steakhouse	positive
i will make _num_ nice fillet mignon out of it ... .	fillet mignon	positive
the selection of things was n't that impressive .	selection	negative
i 'm the only car here .	car	positive
the pancake itself was very tough and pretty bland .	pancake	negative
they have great sandwiches and homemade cookies .	sandwiches	positive
they have great sandwiches and homemade cookies .	homemade cookies	positive
the drink cart will happily fill your bottle for a dollar .	drink cart	positive
the drink cart will happily fill your bottle for a dollar .	bottle	positive
their prices are good for this area .	prices	positive
very happy customer and would definitely recommend this goodyear !	customer	positive
very happy customer and would definitely recommend this goodyear !	goodyear	positive
this place is the real deal , i highly recommend it !	place	positive
first off , it was breaded like sweet and sour chicken usually is .	breaded	positive
first off , it was breaded like sweet and sour chicken usually is .	sour chicken	positive
the eggs were absolutely horrid and were mushy .	eggs	negative
i took my _num_ year old son and he loved it !	_num_	positive
i took my _num_ year old son and he loved it !	son	positive
on top of it , this whole mess took over an hour to get .	mess	negative
will never go back to the place again .	place	negative
friendly staff , freshly made food .	staff	positive
friendly staff , freshly made food .	food	positive
the service is very friendly , even though the food came out slightly slow .	service	positive
the service is very friendly , even though the food came out slightly slow .	food	negative
probably the very best sandwich of my life !	sandwich	positive
really liked this place .	place	positive
staff was great very friendly and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
finally , the cue was given and everyone rushed through the doors .	cue	positive
finally , the cue was given and everyone rushed through the doors .	doors	negative
he was so informative and caring of my little dog !	dog	positive
waited again over _num_ minutes for anyone to even give us menus .	menus	negative
this place is wonderful .	place	positive
she hands me my drink , then she hands me the receipt .	drink	positive
she hands me my drink , then she hands me the receipt .	receipt	positive
a very unique flavor .	flavor	positive
the bread we ordered was plain and boring .	bread	negative
outstanding service .	service	positive
i highly recommend taking your car to them !	car	positive
the rooms are modern , clean and spacious .	rooms	positive
i love the mexican food here .	mexican food	positive
had a home built by these guys and the customer service is absolutely amazing !	customer service	positive
we each ate approximately _num_ or _num_ bites of our food .	food	positive
do n't come in for lunch !	lunch	negative
we were charged $ _num_ a day to have power in our meeting room .	power	negative
we were charged $ _num_ a day to have power in our meeting room .	meeting room	negative
i ca n't give this bar high marks .	bar	negative
hire more waiters .	waiters	positive
prices are very reasonable and everyone is very friendly .	prices	positive
felt like the menu was varied and creative .	menu	positive
the service was great , they have good hospitality !	service	positive
staff is friendly and drinks are made correctly .	staff	positive
staff is friendly and drinks are made correctly .	drinks	positive
great food and service !	food	positive
great food and service !	service	positive
my wife orders the cheese enchiladas and those are very good as well .	cheese enchiladas	positive
not to mention their new flavored breads , really delish !	flavored breads	positive
did n't really care for the atmosphere .	atmosphere	negative
we split an appetizer , entree , and both had great margaritas !	appetizer	positive
we split an appetizer , entree , and both had great margaritas !	entree	positive
we split an appetizer , entree , and both had great margaritas !	margaritas	positive
staff is fabulous and friendly .	staff	positive
standard salad and cheese bread were fine .	standard salad	positive
standard salad and cheese bread were fine .	cheese bread	positive
i went into this place and the food was ok but not very consistent .	food	negative
outstanding service .	service	positive
while i do like the environment here , i really dislike the slow service .	environment	positive
while i do like the environment here , i really dislike the slow service .	service	negative
i will not continue to support the wendy 's mission .	wendy	negative
poor cuts of meat .	cuts of meat	negative
do n't let the awesome decor and delicious smells fool you .	decor	positive
do n't let the awesome decor and delicious smells fool you .	smells	positive
i dropped off high end , men 's clothing .	men	negative
horrible service !	service	negative
a corner jet tub bizarre layout .	corner jet tub	positive
a corner jet tub bizarre layout .	layout	positive
bean burritos !	bean burritos	positive
very nice restaurant but not too fancy .	restaurant	positive
not good service there either .	service	negative
prices were very reasonable as well .	prices	positive
there are plenty of reputable dealerships in phoenix !	dealerships	positive
his entire staff make you feel like one of the family .	staff	negative
poor customer service poor attitude all around poor experience .	customer service	negative
nothing is worse than overcooked chicken .	chicken	negative
i love the staff that make this place a warm and fun atmosphere .	staff	positive
i love the staff that make this place a warm and fun atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
most delicious authentic chinese food !	chinese food	positive
it was difficult to get refills on drinks .	drinks	negative
it has authentic and delicious italian food .	italian food	positive
the store is organized , well stocked and the employees are friendly .	store	positive
the store is organized , well stocked and the employees are friendly .	employees	positive
terrible service .	service	negative
great fun in old town scottsdale , a lil crowded but fun nonetheless .	scottsdale	positive
price is on point for the area .	price	positive
price is on point for the area .	area	positive
phil is both hilarious and brilliant at fitting .	phil	positive
the wifey and i went here last night and it was pretty good .	wifey	positive
at the end i was presented with a bill of nearly $ _num_ .	bill	positive
i hate bad customer service .	customer service	negative
please have some yummy tamales there , for me !	tamales	positive
service was very good.	service	positive
do not get the calamari .	calamari	negative
best pizza i 've ever had !	pizza	positive
we enjoy the eggplant hummus and vegetarian rice dishes .	eggplant hummus	positive
we enjoy the eggplant hummus and vegetarian rice dishes .	vegetarian rice dishes	positive
just enjoyed a wonderful dinner with friends to celebrate a birthday .	dinner	positive
great _num_ piece options and super cute bikini 's .	bikini 's	positive
great , trustworthy shop .	shop	positive
i love love love the clothes there !	clothes	positive
really good slice !	slice	positive
happy hour price is $ _num_ off ?	price	positive
simply excellent food .	food	positive
to begin with the margarita 's are fabulous !	margarita 's	positive
why is n't there an option for no stars .	stars	negative
when we finally got our sushi , the rice and rolls just fell apart .	sushi	negative
when we finally got our sushi , the rice and rolls just fell apart .	rice	negative
one of the best views in the valley .	views	positive
favorite spot is seated at the sushi bar at the back of the restaurant .	spot	positive
favorite spot is seated at the sushi bar at the back of the restaurant .	sushi bar	positive
great specials .	specials	positive
the food has become drab .	food	negative
our waiter was awesome !	waiter	positive
ok this place is horrible .	place	negative
extreme tourist trap that could care less about you returning as a satisfied customer .	tourist trap	negative
never knew bagel sandwiches could taste so incredibly mediocre .	bagel sandwiches	negative
it is family friendly and is fun environment .	environment	positive
stayed here over a weekend with our toddler .	toddler	positive
wedge salad is phenomenal .	wedge salad	positive
these folks are as good as it gets .	folks	positive
not the worst breakfast i 've ever had , but for $ _num_ ?	breakfast	negative
when picking out frames the girls are a great help .	frames	positive
when picking out frames the girls are a great help .	girls	positive
best salon in town .	salon	positive
friendly and helpful staff as well .	staff	positive
we ordered _num_ appetizers ... the $ _num_ bruschetta and the $ _num_ wings .	$ _num_ bruschetta	positive
maybe this is explained somewhere on the site , but not clearly .	site	negative
fantastic food , quick service and ridiculous portions .	food	positive
fantastic food , quick service and ridiculous portions .	service	positive
fantastic food , quick service and ridiculous portions .	portions	positive
i knew that my friend 's wedding would be amazing and to not worry .	wedding	positive
it 's my morning spot everyday !	morning spot	positive
i love this jewelry store !	jewelry store	positive
worth the drive .	drive	positive
definitely will refer to my friends for their fur baby needs .	fur baby	positive
the pepper rub was so overpowering that i couldnt eat but two bites .	pepper rub	negative
the service is excellent from the moment you walk in .	service	positive
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	biscuits	positive
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	gravy	positive
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	breakfast	positive
the service was excellent .	service	positive
worst service i think i 've ever received .	service	negative
the service was excellent .	service	positive
the food was delicious , the cook entertaining , and the ambiance unique .	food	positive
the food was delicious , the cook entertaining , and the ambiance unique .	cook	positive
the food was delicious , the cook entertaining , and the ambiance unique .	ambiance	positive
it was so awful i did n't even let the lady polish my toes .	lady	negative
the food is yummy !	food	positive
the salsa was the only thing that had any flavor .	salsa	positive
the salsa was the only thing that had any flavor .	flavor	negative
there is a combo that i always get .	combo	positive
food was lame .	food	negative
we live in the very north valley and it 's is worth the drive !	valley	positive
this was one of the best southwestern meals i have ever had .	southwestern meals	positive
the waitress was very good though .	waitress	positive
the prices are very affordable as well !	prices	positive
the food is average but service is horrible .	food	negative
the food is average but service is horrible .	service	negative
max , our server , was very attentive and informative .	server	positive
benny makes the best tzatziki sauce in town .	tzatziki sauce	positive
he was very patient and sympathetic as i explained my situation .	situation	positive
so much to see on top of the great people watching .	people	positive
thats a solid cellar .	cellar	positive
i have too many stories of poor service to even list here .	service	negative
water was always empty .	water	negative
ambiance and the food .	ambiance	positive
ambiance and the food .	food	positive
skip this place .	place	negative
the food and atmosphere are superb .	food	positive
the food and atmosphere are superb .	atmosphere	positive
this place made me so sick and i have an iron stomach for sushi .	place	negative
this place made me so sick and i have an iron stomach for sushi .	sushi	negative
the macaroni and cheese is so-so .	macaroni and cheese	positive
great set up for watching football games .	set	positive
great set up for watching football games .	football games	positive
i was going to order a different drink , but the waiter never asked .	drink	negative
i was going to order a different drink , but the waiter never asked .	waiter	positive
service was slow .	service	negative
would absolutely highly recommend taking your car there .	car	positive
hahaha this place is a joke !	place	negative
great crust , everything is just yummy !	crust	positive
excellent location next to many fun spots and restaurants .	location	positive
excellent location next to many fun spots and restaurants .	spots	positive
excellent location next to many fun spots and restaurants .	restaurants	positive
i ca n't believe this place has almost _num_ stars .	place	positive
great burritos and the tacos are amazing .	burritos	positive
great burritos and the tacos are amazing .	tacos	positive
the staff was really nice !	staff	positive
there are better places here in arizona that actually care .	places	positive
great atmosphere , food , and the sangria is actually really top notch .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere , food , and the sangria is actually really top notch .	food	positive
great atmosphere , food , and the sangria is actually really top notch .	sangria	positive
excellent service , salads , pizza and drinks .	service	positive
excellent service , salads , pizza and drinks .	salads	positive
excellent service , salads , pizza and drinks .	pizza	positive
excellent service , salads , pizza and drinks .	drinks	positive
i would recommend this place !	place	positive
they truly care about their patients .	patients	positive
the owner shook our hands and was very gracious .	owner	positive
would recommend this location to anyone !	location	positive
the chicken however , always tastes funny to me .	chicken	positive
love the downtown mesa location too .	downtown mesa location	positive
highly recommend if you are looking for a nice variety of quality bedding .	quality bedding	positive
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	woman	negative
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	deli	negative
these guys are amazing !	guys	positive
i recommend this place to everyone who wants quality work done on their car .	work	positive
everything was cooked to perfection and the flavors were amazing together .	flavors	positive
everyone burns a pizza ... it happens .	pizza	negative
really i would think yes monday your closed memorial day not saturday ?	closed	negative
i love their pizza .	pizza	positive
my partner and i both enjoyed the dinner .	dinner	positive
but the sandwiches are kind of small .	sandwiches	negative
and a great place to pick up holiday or a delicious house warning gift .	house warning gift	positive
crappy music they torture me with .	music	negative
i do n't think i 've ever had a worst breakfast .	breakfast	positive
great wine selection too including local vino .	wine selection	positive
great wine selection too including local vino .	vino	positive
my pollo margarita was dry and almost tasteless .	pollo margarita	negative
clean , professional , and truly cares about our dogs .	dogs	positive
loved this place .	place	positive
if you need a dentist then i highly recommend this dental practice .	dental practice	positive
service was pretty good .	service	positive
i have found they have good food and good service .	food	positive
i have found they have good food and good service .	service	positive
this is the worst place to live .	place	negative
i would definitely recommend this dentist office to everyone !	dentist office	positive
weekends are always packed .	weekends	negative
that would be far better than ignoring calls and rudely telling off potential customers .	customers	negative
however , she did say the technician should not have touched my nose .	technician	negative
the rv was in very bad condition !	rv	negative
i love soda , love love love it !	soda ,	positive
i ordered a bean and cheese burrito , it was just okay .	bean and cheese burrito	positive
the crust was too thick and you could barely taste the calamari .	crust	negative
the crust was too thick and you could barely taste the calamari .	calamari	negative
friendly staff but the warm room made it very uncomfortable .	staff	positive
friendly staff but the warm room made it very uncomfortable .	warm room	negative
and the restaurant serves rattlesnake !	serves rattlesnake	positive
the korean bbq was amazing !	korean bbq	positive
the service is also great !	service	positive
service is fast and friendly .	service	positive
this place has gone downhill since my first review .	place	negative
food is always great and the service is always top notch .	food	positive
food is always great and the service is always top notch .	service	positive
yet all the negative reviews you read on yelp directly applied to our room .	room	negative
great food in this neighborhood restaurant .	food	positive
rude bartenders .	bartenders	negative
people are great !	people	positive
this place should just be put out of business .	place	negative
carne asada burrito was okay , but nothing outstanding .	carne asada burrito	positive
what 's worse is that i had been going to this resort for years .	resort	negative
nicole was a great server .	server	positive
this place rocks .	place	positive
they also have a lot of nice things for the men to look at .	men	positive
i wish they were open for sunday breakfast .	sunday breakfast	positive
i would advise strongly against this location .	location	negative
got to try the green tea here , another favorite !	green tea	positive
i ordered the salmon caesar salad , which i loved .	salmon caesar salad	positive
after waiting _num_ minutes for drinks .	drinks	negative
my date had the flautas as which were bland to say the least .	date	negative
my date had the flautas as which were bland to say the least .	flautas	negative
the waitress liz p. was very good .	waitress	positive
best greek food i 've had in the valley .	greek food	positive
no notes of garlic , ginger , or deep soy flavor .	notes	negative
no notes of garlic , ginger , or deep soy flavor .	ginger	negative
no notes of garlic , ginger , or deep soy flavor .	soy flavor	negative
i already wrote a review about this horrible place .	place	negative
the patio here is absolutely amazing .	patio	positive
overall decent place to grab dinner .	dinner	positive
it was apparent they did not give a damn about customer service .	customer service	negative
they offered me another room in the same hotel .	room	negative
they offered me another room in the same hotel .	hotel	positive
food and service was underwhelming !	food	negative
food and service was underwhelming !	service	negative
i highly recommend misty and salon tru !	misty	positive
i highly recommend misty and salon tru !	salon tru	positive
go for an unforgettable meal and incredible view !	meal	positive
go for an unforgettable meal and incredible view !	view	positive
service was a _num_ on a scale of _num_ to _num_ as well .	service	positive
good price , good service , i will return when back in scottsdale .	price	positive
good price , good service , i will return when back in scottsdale .	service	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
unfortunately for us they somehow managed to over book the valentines package .	valentines package	negative
there really was n't much taste , just salty .	taste	negative
i had a steak and my wife had shrimp tacos .	steak	positive
i had a steak and my wife had shrimp tacos .	shrimp tacos	positive
good food , decent pricing , and nice staff .	food	positive
good food , decent pricing , and nice staff .	pricing	positive
good food , decent pricing , and nice staff .	staff	positive
it is not worth whatever savings you think you may get .	savings	negative
i want some god damn pizza hut lol !	pizza hut lol	positive
i do not recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
the food was excellent !	food	positive
very poor individual to represent a business .	business	negative
the lobster , i was told was o.k but nothing to rave about .	lobster	positive
in the same department , my intention was to purchase another watch as well .	watch	positive
love the variety of fabric and it is good value for the dollar .	variety of fabric	positive
doors opening & show starting are not the same thing .	doors	negative
doors opening & show starting are not the same thing .	show	negative
excellent service cute clothes and kids trinkets and toys .	service	positive
excellent service cute clothes and kids trinkets and toys .	clothes	positive
excellent service cute clothes and kids trinkets and toys .	kids trinkets	positive
excellent service cute clothes and kids trinkets and toys .	toys	positive
the rice and beans were find , but nothing great .	rice and beans	negative
they ignored me and two other cars around half an hour before closing .	cars	negative
it 's a winning combination of flavors .	flavors	positive
the service was really fast and pleasant .	service	positive
the first aid people came over gave him a bag of ice and left .	first	negative
the first aid people came over gave him a bag of ice and left .	bag of ice	negative
five stars for those amazing tottie rolls !	tottie rolls	positive
i would highly recommend this dealership to friends and family .	dealership	positive
also they have a good lunch deals .	lunch deals	positive
if they say it costs a certain amount , thats what it is .	amount	negative
we checked in , and the place was empty .	place	negative
the bagels are always fresh and delicious .	bagels	positive
i did n't know ra was a chain .	chain	negative
nice people to chat with at the next table .	people	positive
nice people to chat with at the next table .	table	positive
i had such a good experience dress shopping today !	dress	positive
the office customer service is responsive and efficient .	office customer service	positive
another fantastic dining experience .	dining experience	positive
the pork tasted salty and looked like it came from a can .	pork	negative
this place has atmosphere , great service and `` big ass '' food .	service	positive
this place has atmosphere , great service and `` big ass '' food .	food	positive
my dog loves coming here and i do n't worry about bringing him here .	dog	positive
great italian grocery .	italian grocery	positive
please do n't miss the fact that the food was great .	food	positive
a diet coke turned into an ice tea and she figured the bill wrong .	diet coke	negative
a diet coke turned into an ice tea and she figured the bill wrong .	ice tea	negative
a diet coke turned into an ice tea and she figured the bill wrong .	bill	negative
i took in a jacket to be dry cleaning and they washed it !	jacket	negative
amazing customer service !	customer service	positive
i rate the food as followed .	food	positive
fresh sushi and a nice variety .	sushi	positive
fresh sushi and a nice variety .	variety	positive
this place was pretty great .	place	positive
always friendly , efficient , and focused in their service .	service	positive
seriously go check this place out .	place	positive
the atmosphere is great with great food .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is great with great food .	food	positive
a little pricey for an average meal with not much ambiance .	meal	negative
a little pricey for an average meal with not much ambiance .	ambiance	negative
this place is quick , cute , and simply delicious .	place	positive
went online to buy two tickets for a night spring training game .	game	positive
what i love about grazie ... .	grazie	positive
no need to add further stress to the procedure .	procedure	positive
fruits and veggies are very fresh .	fruits	positive
fruits and veggies are very fresh .	veggies	positive
giving five stars because pizza was so good !	pizza	positive
i had nothing but wonderful experiences with them when working on a custom ring .	ring	positive
the restaurant has a great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
their margaritas are great !	margaritas	positive
downtown scottsdale hair & nails was a great find !	hair & nails	positive
so after showing our id 's we go in and grab some beers .	beers	positive
the more important crust disappointment was that it was very hard .	crust disappointment	negative
excellent service , but the most important thing is mia trust them .	service	positive
please , please avoid the grease bomb served here .	grease bomb served	negative
you saved my eyebrows and my day .	day	positive
i 've had other meals there , all good .	meals	positive
i 'm really satisfied with the service they have provided !	service	positive
tina did a wonderful job gel manicure and deluxe pedicure .	manicure	positive
tina did a wonderful job gel manicure and deluxe pedicure .	pedicure	positive
employees are always rude too .	employees	negative
when we were finally let in to the building _num_ min late .	building	positive
the food is great , and the staff is really nice .	food	positive
the food is great , and the staff is really nice .	staff	positive
great service and kind staff .	service	positive
great service and kind staff .	staff	positive
the food is delicious and very authentic .	food	positive
this place is hands down the best neighborhood bar in town !	bar	positive
i highly recommend this shop .	shop	positive
best service , amazing staff and all over great place !	service	positive
best service , amazing staff and all over great place !	staff	positive
and of course , it 's in a great location .	location	positive
the menu looks great , the food is good .	menu	positive
the menu looks great , the food is good .	food	positive
i ordered the sunshine roll and it was good .	sunshine roll	positive
only server is the owner and she 's down right rude .	server	negative
only server is the owner and she 's down right rude .	owner	negative
service is good and of course so are the drinks .	service	positive
service is good and of course so are the drinks .	drinks	positive
this is a great place to get all you can eat fish fry .	place	positive
this is a great place to get all you can eat fish fry .	fish fry	positive
the place was n't that busy , it was steady .	place	negative
i absolutely love this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
bad customer service !	customer service	negative
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	pizza	positive
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	pasta place	positive
great range - been members for years !	range	positive
portions are huge , can definitely get one order for two people .	portions	positive
great service .	service	positive
not a good place to take your animals unless its an emergency .	place	negative
not a good place to take your animals unless its an emergency .	animals	negative
for four drinks , one meal and one appetizer , we paid _num_ !	drinks	negative
for four drinks , one meal and one appetizer , we paid _num_ !	meal	positive
for four drinks , one meal and one appetizer , we paid _num_ !	appetizer	positive
* fair trade in value .	trade	positive
* fair trade in value .	value	positive
it took _num_ minutes for one of the worst meals ever .	meals	negative
great place , really clean , and the staff is friendly .	place	positive
great place , really clean , and the staff is friendly .	staff	positive
service was spot-on , and my panini was delicious .	service	positive
service was spot-on , and my panini was delicious .	panini	positive
the cove gets my highest approval !	cove	positive
thankfully the manager was quick to check in and quickly offered to make another .	manager	positive
lame , the place is crammed and stinks .	place	negative
this is unacceptable and disgusting behavior .	behavior	negative
the staff is friendly , and the food is great .	staff	positive
the staff is friendly , and the food is great .	food	positive
food was good and plenty of it !	food	positive
very clean and staff continued to clean when we were there .	staff	positive
sorry but we have no king bed rooms left .	king bed rooms	negative
i came here based on the awesome yelp reviews and was very disappointed .	yelp reviews	negative
i love the layout of this store !	layout	positive
i love the layout of this store !	store	positive
the food was great !	food	positive
for some reason , razz and/or his staff does n't know this .	staff	negative
jamie the bartender makes perfect margaritas and is very pleasant .	bartender	positive
jamie the bartender makes perfect margaritas and is very pleasant .	margaritas	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
consistently amazing food and service , _num_ .	food	positive
consistently amazing food and service , _num_ .	service	positive
long wait and the quality is not good .	wait	negative
long wait and the quality is not good .	quality	negative
and for turning a grumpy husband into a happy guy !	husband	negative
yummy food and good service .	food	positive
yummy food and good service .	service	positive
no flavor .	flavor	negative
the crust was perfectly thin and flavorful , not bland .	crust	positive
the best happy hour in scottsdale .	happy hour	positive
definitely will continue to come here for delicious pizza .	pizza	positive
cameron greeted us with a friendly smile and lovely dinner suggestions .	dinner	positive
for dessert we had cheesecake and the chocolate sin cake - both delicious .	cheesecake	positive
for dessert we had cheesecake and the chocolate sin cake - both delicious .	chocolate sin cake	positive
does yelp give kick backs for good ratings ?	ratings	positive
great service as well !	service	positive
service : nothing special and she overcharged us by double .	service	negative
cannoli were amazing .	cannoli	positive
i love this bar .	bar	positive
the place is very clean and the coffee `` yummy ! ''	place	positive
the place is very clean and the coffee `` yummy ! ''	coffee	positive
come on cheba hut , i need your food in my life .	food	positive
i love the crispy texture and the homemade feeling of their donuts .	donuts	positive
the food is a bit pricey , but the portions are very generous .	food	negative
the food is a bit pricey , but the portions are very generous .	portions	positive
these guys are honest , fair and take there job seriously .	job	positive
serious value !	value	positive
the sushi combinations seemed very `` _num_ 's '' and outdated .	sushi combinations	negative
nachos were just chicken , cheese , and meat .	nachos	negative
nachos were just chicken , cheese , and meat .	chicken	negative
nachos were just chicken , cheese , and meat .	cheese	negative
nachos were just chicken , cheese , and meat .	meat	negative
i love this hotel .	hotel	positive
the guys in the shop are great too .	guys	positive
the guys in the shop are great too .	shop	positive
receptionists are friendly and assistants all are more than happy to help !	receptionists	positive
receptionists are friendly and assistants all are more than happy to help !	assistants	positive
i was so disappointed the waiter looked sad !	waiter	negative
great beer .	beer	positive
i love their food and it is always consistent .	food	positive
love the place man !	place	positive
i really like their fettuccine alfredo as well .	fettuccine alfredo	positive
it tasted closer to tomato sauce with fish sauce than anything else .	tomato sauce with fish sauce	positive
he did it in a timely fashion at a very good price .	price	positive
there 's still one key would n't stop ringing .	key	negative
this place has awesome food !	food	positive
went for the great arizona picnic on saturday and was not that impressed .	arizona picnic	negative
washer down , i also ordered a beer with tomato juice .	washer	negative
washer down , i also ordered a beer with tomato juice .	beer with tomato juice	positive
love the venue , the staff could use some help .	venue	positive
love the venue , the staff could use some help .	staff	positive
sure there were more people , but the staff was rude .	staff	negative
i highly recommend ordering that on a hot day .	ordering	positive
when we received the food they both had salad , no fries !	salad	negative
when we received the food they both had salad , no fries !	fries	negative
thank you for the new tree !	tree	positive
this is the best location to go for all your tire needs !	location	positive
plus there 's all you can eat chips and salsa !	chips	positive
plus there 's all you can eat chips and salsa !	salsa	positive
also reasonable prices , try it .	prices	positive
you will have no problem finding extraordinary flavors in the food here !	flavors	positive
you will have no problem finding extraordinary flavors in the food here !	food	positive
we returned a few nights later and enjoyed some dessert .	dessert	positive
my husband had the huevos rancheros , and said it was `` adequate '' .	huevos rancheros	positive
well , you can , and the beef tacos are amazing .	beef tacos	positive
great wine selection and a pretty good appetizer menu as well .	wine selection	positive
great wine selection and a pretty good appetizer menu as well .	appetizer menu	positive
the rooms are musty and old with dirty carpet .	rooms	negative
the rooms are musty and old with dirty carpet .	carpet	negative
philly cheesesteak not good .	cheesesteak	negative
amazing calamari .	calamari	positive
the guys are usually pretty cool and friendly .	guys	positive
what a ripoff for an app , chicken and a bowl of pasta .	app	positive
what a ripoff for an app , chicken and a bowl of pasta .	chicken	positive
what a ripoff for an app , chicken and a bowl of pasta .	bowl of pasta	positive
attentive and friendly staff .	staff	positive
awesome service and just an all around fun place to be .	service	positive
awesome service and just an all around fun place to be .	place	positive
i 've already told several friends and family members about this place .	place	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the green chili pork appetizer is fantastic .	green chili pork appetizer	positive
yes , we recommend and we 'll be getting delivery again !	delivery	positive
pricing is wonderful .	pricing	positive
took forever to be served and the place was dead .	served	negative
took forever to be served and the place was dead .	place	negative
sunflower has the best selections of fruits and veggies in town !	sunflower	positive
sunflower has the best selections of fruits and veggies in town !	selections of fruits	positive
sunflower has the best selections of fruits and veggies in town !	veggies	positive
the pancake was delicious .	pancake	positive
on a side note , this place used to be crowded .	place	negative
so the food was kind of cold and mushy .	food	negative
soft light from high windows .	light	positive
soft light from high windows .	windows	negative
the prices are great and the service is also very good .	prices	positive
the prices are great and the service is also very good .	service	positive
very friendly , personable , fast , thorough , and reliable service .	service	positive
this place rocks .	place	positive
not good vegetarian food !	vegetarian food	negative
good place to eat .	place	positive
he denied taking the engine apart .	engine	negative
three of us ordered sea bass ( approx .	sea bass (	negative
the enchilada sauce did n't bring out any flavor to the dish .	enchilada sauce	negative
the enchilada sauce did n't bring out any flavor to the dish .	dish	negative
there is enough competition in this city that you can avoid this company .	company	negative
i love cowboy ciao !	cowboy ciao	positive
i had one of the best burgers of my life there .	burgers	positive
great foods and great services , highly recommend to others .	foods	positive
great foods and great services , highly recommend to others .	services	positive
the quality of the pasta , sauces , oil , etc is fantastic .	quality of	positive
the quality of the pasta , sauces , oil , etc is fantastic .	sauces	positive
the quality of the pasta , sauces , oil , etc is fantastic .	oil	positive
but with two servers for the entire place , what did we expect ?	servers	negative
fun place to go drink beer .	beer	positive
such mediocre food .	food	negative
- in this case it was customer no service !	customer	negative
- in this case it was customer no service !	service	negative
the spice levels are always right on with our tastes .	spice levels	positive
the staff is absolutely delightful .	staff	positive
however , he walked up to the front desk afterwards and demanded payment immediately .	front	negative
cody was our server and he was excellent !	server	positive
great value and a lot of fun .	value	positive
next thing is adding salads ?	salads	positive
it had a good garlic and spice combination .	garlic and spice combination	positive
dodge electric was amazing !	dodge	positive
delivery options make it convenient to order on late work nights .	delivery options	positive
4th wrong order from here .	order	negative
also , laura and her staff are extremely accommodating and professional .	staff	positive
great authentic mexican food !	mexican food	positive
orange table has one of the best breakfast we 've come across .	orange table	positive
orange table has one of the best breakfast we 've come across .	breakfast	positive
lance is very personable and takes good care of you .	lance	positive
the parking is terrible .	parking	negative
_num_ % of that inventory comes from these `` new '' owners .	inventory	positive
_num_ % of that inventory comes from these `` new '' owners .	owners	positive
the beers are a bit cheaper and there 's food everywhere !	beers	negative
the beers are a bit cheaper and there 's food everywhere !	food	negative
it 's a tiny place .	place	negative
the decor is mexican which gives it a more authentic feel .	decor	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
the sides are huge portions , so keep that in mind when ordering .	sides	positive
the sides are huge portions , so keep that in mind when ordering .	portions	positive
the check-in process is a breeze and the lobby is bright and comfortable .	check-in	positive
the check-in process is a breeze and the lobby is bright and comfortable .	lobby	positive
great selection .	selection	positive
service was very good !	service	positive
good selection of wines to stay or go .	selection of wines	positive
when we did get the food the serving sizes could not have been bigger !	food	negative
when we did get the food the serving sizes could not have been bigger !	serving sizes	negative
they charge for the actual work and prices are very reasonable .	actual work	negative
they charge for the actual work and prices are very reasonable .	prices	positive
the food is amazing ... and im not the biggest fan of italian food .	food	positive
the food is amazing ... and im not the biggest fan of italian food .	italian food	positive
one of my husband and i 's favorite breakfast spot !	breakfast spot	positive
even going outside to watch the crowds going by is fun .	crowds	positive
service has quick and friendly .	service	positive
we loved every bite and managed to eat about half of our massive portions .	portions	positive
they never mentioned any of these fees upon walk through .	fees	negative
each time i 've been there the food has been great !	food	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
you feel exclusive in small space which is a turn on to most .	space	positive
finally got a good haircut at a discount chain .	haircut	positive
overall good , cheap meal and nice experience .	meal	positive
there does not appear to be a location at this address .	location	negative
there does not appear to be a location at this address .	address	negative
they deliver in the food & drink department .	food & drink	positive
worst restaurant in old town !	restaurant	negative
drink was amazing and very loaded .	drink	positive
i would recommend this nursery .	nursery	positive
however , the selection is nice , but we wo n't be back .	selection	positive
i am continually entertained by the people that frequent this establishment .	establishment	positive
good coffee .	coffee	positive
she did an amazing job , i absolutely love my hair !	hair	positive
pool area is not terrible , but not great either .	pool area	positive
the chips that came with our order were completely stale and chewy .	chips	negative
the customer service and pricing at camping world is excellent .	customer service	positive
the customer service and pricing at camping world is excellent .	pricing	positive
food was cold and the service was subpar .	food	negative
food was cold and the service was subpar .	service	negative
cheesy bread is worth the try as well .	cheesy bread	positive
so we ask to have no olives , add tomatoes instead ) .	olives	negative
i had a massage with valerie and she did a great job .	massage	positive
perfect customer service !	customer service	positive
excellent pasta dishes and great meatballs too !	pasta dishes	positive
excellent pasta dishes and great meatballs too !	meatballs	positive
los olivos has a special place in my heart .	los olivos	positive
phenomenal service ( quick , friendly & reliable ) and prices .	service	positive
phenomenal service ( quick , friendly & reliable ) and prices .	prices	positive
awesome staff .	staff	positive
it was just such a stupid process .	process	negative
cheese on everything but the shit beer .	cheese	negative
cheese on everything but the shit beer .	shit beer	negative
the rate is great and if you book on their site breakfast is included .	rate	positive
the rate is great and if you book on their site breakfast is included .	breakfast	positive
maybe winter just was n't my season .	winter	negative
the service is always on par .	service	negative
i just ca n't do it .	ca	negative
the ice cream is a nice ending to your meal too .	ice cream	positive
the ice cream is a nice ending to your meal too .	meal	positive
met the owner as well and a very nice man !	owner	positive
met the owner as well and a very nice man !	man	positive
lastly , the breakfast is over-priced .	breakfast	negative
the atmosphere was perfect for families .	atmosphere	positive
staff are very courteous and kind .	staff	positive
the bartenders are great as well and give healthy wine pours .	bartenders	positive
the bartenders are great as well and give healthy wine pours .	wine pours	positive
when we got to the commercial sales counter the employee did remember my call .	commercial sales counter	negative
when we got to the commercial sales counter the employee did remember my call .	employee	negative
a great place to buy a classic car .	place	positive
staff was extremely professional and friendly .	staff	positive
great company !	company	positive
fun shop .	shop	positive
last night we gave this restaurant a second try and was not thrilled .	restaurant	negative
horrible dentist !	dentist	negative
the tortillas are the best .	tortillas	positive
upon entering i realized something was very different - there was hardly any suits .	suits	negative
i highly recommend to try their double chocolate brownie and their cookies .	double chocolate brownie	positive
i highly recommend to try their double chocolate brownie and their cookies .	cookies	positive
good food , good service , good prices .	food	positive
good food , good service , good prices .	service	positive
good food , good service , good prices .	prices	positive
all of the staff was so nice and friendly .	staff	positive
solid place reminds me of the mexican food in san diego !	mexican food	positive
love baker wee !	baker	positive
amazingly large and diverse wine selection and ever changing `` flight '' menu .	wine selection	positive
amazingly large and diverse wine selection and ever changing `` flight '' menu .	menu	positive
this place is the worst .	place	negative
awesome family restaurant .	restaurant	positive
and the service impeccable .	service	positive
these guys are way too inconsistent .	guys	negative
the steak here is the best ever !	steak	positive
their collection is beautiful and the people are super nice and helpful .	collection	positive
their collection is beautiful and the people are super nice and helpful .	people	positive
i was happy i found this store .	store	positive
best house margarita in town , hands down .	house margarita	positive
prices are excellent as well .	prices	positive
the pizza was terrible .	pizza	negative
every other stalls sell plain tacos .	plain tacos	positive
what a great place !	place	positive
great place .	place	positive
do n't think she knows how to key in the order correctly .	order	negative
this location is closest to my house and is open pretty late .	location	positive
unfortunately the food was cold by the time it arrive to our table .	food	negative
unfortunately the food was cold by the time it arrive to our table .	table	negative
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	soup	negative
i expected the lunch portion at 1pm , since lunch is served until _num_ .	lunch portion	positive
i expected the lunch portion at 1pm , since lunch is served until _num_ .	lunch	positive
i expected the lunch portion at 1pm , since lunch is served until _num_ .	served	negative
good time for all ages .	time	positive
for me the drive is worth it .	drive	positive
i love this bar ... .	bar	positive
the atmosphere is great .	atmosphere	positive
no apologies , no concern .	apologies	positive
the service was very attentive and professional .	service	positive
horrible customer service today !	customer service	negative
my husband got the halibut special , it was a little dry .	halibut special	negative
always a great food being served .	food	positive
always a great food being served .	served	positive
terrible lighting .	lighting	negative
so what happened to this place !	place	negative
my new favorite smoke shop .	smoke shop	positive
course was in great shape and the staff is very friendly and helpful .	course	positive
course was in great shape and the staff is very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
there was not very much pepperoni .	pepperoni	negative
i only end up there for convenience ... apparently the service staff thinks differently .	service staff	negative
there is a wide range of services offered and nice friendly staff .	services	positive
there is a wide range of services offered and nice friendly staff .	staff	positive
btw one of the guys in my group got the wrong sandwich .	sandwich	negative
i had _num_ very good slices of thin crust cheese pizza .	slices of thin crust cheese pizza	positive
a year ago i would have rated this place _num_ stars .	place	positive
we may have gotten _num_ min of actual workout on the surf boards .	surf boards	positive
and splurge and eat the bread ... worth it !	bread	positive
bathrooms are pretty clean , and the drinks are pretty good .	bathrooms	positive
bathrooms are pretty clean , and the drinks are pretty good .	drinks	positive
the staff is friendly and always good for a laugh .	staff	positive
great food , but horrible service .	food	positive
great food , but horrible service .	service	negative
we had nachos , a patty melt , and some beers .	nachos	positive
we had nachos , a patty melt , and some beers .	patty melt	positive
we had nachos , a patty melt , and some beers .	beers	positive
burgers and awesome french fries .	burgers	positive
burgers and awesome french fries .	french fries	positive
one of the best mexican restaurants in the valley .	mexican restaurants	positive
i absolutely love this dentist and the entire staff .	dentist	positive
i absolutely love this dentist and the entire staff .	staff	positive
i never write reviews on yelp but zizzo is seriously so great !	zizzo	positive
customer lost !	customer	negative
food was pretty good , the wait service was disappointing .	food	negative
food was pretty good , the wait service was disappointing .	wait service	negative
sand floors , great colors , all they need is the ocean !	sand floors	positive
sand floors , great colors , all they need is the ocean !	colors	positive
they discounted our food but we all barely ate - very disappointing brunch !	food	negative
they discounted our food but we all barely ate - very disappointing brunch !	brunch	negative
there is no sound conditioning whatsoever in this place .	sound conditioning	negative
great bbq !	bbq	positive
this is definitely our favorite restaurant .	restaurant	positive
received a mexican pizza with no sour cream , and a regular taco .	mexican pizza	positive
received a mexican pizza with no sour cream , and a regular taco .	sour cream	negative
classic italian food .	italian food	positive
friendly staff .	staff	positive
love tea time here !	tea time	positive
i loved their mushrooms & tortillas .	mushrooms & tortillas	positive
i highly recommend this place for piercings .	piercings	positive
great service and great food .	service	positive
great service and great food .	food	positive
the salon itself is really stylish with jewelry , a cafe friendly reception area .	salon	positive
the salon itself is really stylish with jewelry , a cafe friendly reception area .	reception area	positive
last time i went , my roommate ordered `` vegetarian spring rolls . ''	vegetarian spring rolls	negative
i highly recommend defalco 's !	defalco 's	positive
the prices are good .	prices	positive
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	beans	negative
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	burro	negative
first night of my honeymoon has been officially ruined .	honeymoon	negative
massage was worthless .	massage	negative
dh & i came to bravo bistro tonight .	bistro	positive
they are great people with fair prices .	prices	positive
good basic sushi .	basic sushi	positive
do n't eat the chicken !	chicken	negative
the tv has very poor reception on most channels .	tv	negative
i had been wanting to try this place forever .	place	positive
apples dipped in interesting and often multiple toppings .	apples	positive
apples dipped in interesting and often multiple toppings .	toppings	positive
always the best and service is amazing .	service	positive
great options for dinning nearby , nice clean neighborhood .	neighborhood	positive
do n't waste your time or money in this place !	money	positive
do n't waste your time or money in this place !	place	positive
the food is pricey but well worth the money .	food	negative
the food is pricey but well worth the money .	money	positive
such a relaxing a great place to eat .	place	positive
this place is by far , my favorite pizza restaurant !	place	positive
this place is by far , my favorite pizza restaurant !	pizza	positive
the pickles were disgusting .	pickles	negative
they are very kind to wine drinkers as well .	wine drinkers	positive
i ordered many sides and all the vegetables were bland .	sides	negative
i ordered many sides and all the vegetables were bland .	vegetables	negative
the waitress did n't come back !	waitress	negative
wow , great pizza .	pizza	positive
decent selection of meats and cheeses .	selection of meats and cheeses	positive
the ribs were not baby back , they were beef ?	ribs	negative
but no , the owner does n't care about it .	owner	negative
then my mother in law ordered a patron margarita , it was over poured ?	patron margarita	negative
good sammy .	sammy	positive
the food was delicious and plentiful .	food	positive
we found it on a recommendation of the waiter at tortilla factory .	waiter	positive
for the price , this is more than acceptable .	price	positive
poor attitudes and customer service from the techs .	customer service	negative
carrie 's class was amazing !	class	positive
the platter was not mentioned after that .	platter	negative
most the people here are friendly and helpful .	people	positive
the service is top notch !	service	positive
this is just an all around bad apartment leasing company .	apartment leasing	negative
the food was fantastic , we ca n't wait to go back !	food	positive
this is the place for you !	place	positive
they are open until ten every evening and have the best staff .	staff	positive
three times i gave this place a chance .	place	positive
the food is delicious , and razz knows his wine .	food	positive
the food is delicious , and razz knows his wine .	wine	positive
he is a sweetheart and got to know us as a table .	table	positive
this is the worst food ever .	food	negative
food always comes out fast and piping hot .	food	positive
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib	negative
they serve stale food and the service is terrible .	food	negative
they serve stale food and the service is terrible .	service	negative
after 30+ minutes of waiting , we were escorted to our table upstairs .	table	negative
i tried the spicy salsa and the roasted peppers salsa .	spicy salsa	positive
i tried the spicy salsa and the roasted peppers salsa .	roasted peppers salsa	positive
great ambiance .	ambiance	positive
definitely high on my list .	list	positive
the tortillas were so fresh & the salsas were delicious .	tortillas	positive
the tortillas were so fresh & the salsas were delicious .	salsas	positive
the carne asada is juicy , the pastries unique and fresh .	carne asada	positive
the carne asada is juicy , the pastries unique and fresh .	pastries	positive
this location has been there for years and i hope it stays that way !	location	positive
walked in with my mom so she could buy some shoes .	shoes	negative
excellent full meal for $ _num_ !	full meal	positive
the margaritas are watered down and the beers are flat !	margaritas	negative
the margaritas are watered down and the beers are flat !	beers	negative
so many options of healthy food i love it !	options	positive
so many options of healthy food i love it !	healthy food	positive
the home of the best salad i 've ever had .	salad	positive
my entre was $ _num_ .	entre	positive
it could be any lame bar in any lame city .	lame bar	negative
service was mediocre .	service	negative
on top of its decent size , it was packed full of beef !	beef	negative
way too much salt .	salt	negative
great service .	service	positive
the food is terrible .	food	negative
i love that you can find really fresh and healthy options here .	options	positive
we waited _num_ minutes for our food .	food	negative
generous portions , excellent flavor and well priced .	portions	positive
generous portions , excellent flavor and well priced .	flavor	positive
generous portions , excellent flavor and well priced .	priced	positive
anyways , food was mediocre as well .	food	negative
serves different rice and noodle bowls .	rice	positive
serves different rice and noodle bowls .	noodle bowls	positive
my boyfriend and i love this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
i love love this place .	place	positive
i 've had some amazing steaks here and last nights ribeye was no different .	steaks	positive
the staff was friendly , fast and took care of her problem .	staff	positive
great place to go !	place	positive
amazing food , wine , happy hour , service , atmosphere , etc .	food	positive
amazing food , wine , happy hour , service , atmosphere , etc .	wine	positive
amazing food , wine , happy hour , service , atmosphere , etc .	service	positive
amazing food , wine , happy hour , service , atmosphere , etc .	atmosphere	positive
the food was bad .	food	negative
their food is of poor quality and high cost .	food	negative
their food is of poor quality and high cost .	quality	negative
their food is of poor quality and high cost .	cost	negative
cool place .	place	positive
but if you eat something spicy then you wo n't care .	spicy	negative
i agree with the majority , the food is great !	food	positive
the shrimp tempura roll fell completely apart when i picked it up .	shrimp tempura roll	negative
what a great store !	store	positive
their hours work well with my schedule .	hours	positive
their hours work well with my schedule .	schedule	positive
guess what , the office could care less !	office	negative
and , the meatballs omg !	meatballs omg	positive
the tuna tartare at $ _num_ was okay but not very flavorful .	tuna tartare	positive
well , the chicken was hella dry and bland except for the buffalo sauce .	chicken	negative
well , the chicken was hella dry and bland except for the buffalo sauce .	buffalo sauce	negative
even the owner took time to sit and talk with us and share stories .	owner	positive
the night i went i thought the dj was actually spinning pretty well .	dj	negative
however , the front desk receptionist was rude , overbearing and unprofessional .	front desk receptionist	negative
they kept the place cool and the service was very attentive .	place	positive
they kept the place cool and the service was very attentive .	service	positive
loved the brother in-laws leftover thin crust too .	crust	positive
once paid we look at the selection and where very disappointed .	selection	negative
their coffee is just okay , but all of the food is great .	coffee	positive
their coffee is just okay , but all of the food is great .	food	positive
if possible i would stay far away from this place .	place	negative
maybe it was because they were n't selling me new tires .	tires	negative
phone clerk ( cesar ) was a a $ $ .	phone clerk	positive
the food is fresh and natural tasting .	food	positive
these people are just so great .	people	positive
my most favorite veggie burgers & baked potatoes in all of the world !	veggie burgers	positive
my most favorite veggie burgers & baked potatoes in all of the world !	baked potatoes	positive
everyone loved their food .	food	positive
great service they did awesome job .	service	positive
but this whole situation was completely in the interest of making a sale asap .	sale	negative
best strip club ever !	strip club	positive
great dinner with my brother , his wife and son .	dinner	positive
the landscaping crew keeps the grounds impeccable , truly amazing !	landscaping crew	positive
the landscaping crew keeps the grounds impeccable , truly amazing !	grounds	positive
extremely convenient location for old town and fifth street .	location	positive
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	owners	positive
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	staff	positive
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	food	positive
it was the most awkward phone call i 've ever had .	phone	negative
love the atmosphere and the food is great !	atmosphere	positive
love the atmosphere and the food is great !	food	positive
management does not see the problem with it .	management	positive
the service is impeccable and the food authentic .	service	positive
the service is impeccable and the food authentic .	food	positive
great lunch for the price .	lunch	positive
great lunch for the price .	price	positive
most delicious ny style pizza !	pizza	positive
i got an egg white omelet with home fries and it was cooked perfectly .	egg white omelet with home fries	positive
but , this past week i have gone into ace hardware _num_ times .	hardware _num_	positive
the food is what i love over the beer .	food	positive
the food is what i love over the beer .	beer	positive
the service at dinner last night was awful .	service	negative
great place for lunches .	lunches	positive
they are so polite to their customers and treat their regulars like family .	customers	positive
this particular location is my favorite .	location	positive
the grounds are well kept and the staff is friendly and professional .	grounds	positive
the grounds are well kept and the staff is friendly and professional .	staff	positive
no powdered sugar .	powdered sugar	negative
and these idiots put my truck through the was with the back window down .	back window	negative
along with the slightly bland miso soup , i was happy with the meal .	miso soup	negative
along with the slightly bland miso soup , i was happy with the meal .	meal	positive
the employees there just pass you on to another employee .	employees	negative
the customer service is awesome .	customer service	positive
the bread was n't good at all .	bread	negative
they just never seem to have their basic food available upon request .	basic food	negative
the cakes and cookies are pretty scrumptious .	cakes	positive
the cakes and cookies are pretty scrumptious .	cookies	positive
it is melissa , and she sadly turns out to be the manager .	manager	negative
this is by far the best italian place i 've ever eaten at !	italian place	positive
love this little place .	place	positive
i really loved the wings .	wings	positive
very satisfied with this meal .	meal	positive
the burros were alright but i 've had much better .	burros	positive
the margaritas were delicious and strong .	margaritas	positive
when he came out the woman followed and completely ignored us .	woman	negative
too much bbq sauce .	bbq sauce	negative
best sushi in old town .	sushi	positive
the meals at bandera are always amazing at this place .	meals at	positive
this restaurant is a solid place with a good buzz .	place	positive
this restaurant is a solid place with a good buzz .	buzz	positive
try sunrise cafe instead .	sunrise cafe	positive
i ordered shrimp fajitas and there were no tortillas included !	shrimp fajitas	negative
i ordered shrimp fajitas and there were no tortillas included !	tortillas	negative
they had a quick turnaround time and very reasonable price , good customer service .	price	positive
they had a quick turnaround time and very reasonable price , good customer service .	customer service	positive
i would definitely recommend this daycare .	daycare	positive
the service was decent but unfortunately the food was served cold and undercooked .	service	positive
the service was decent but unfortunately the food was served cold and undercooked .	food	negative
the service was decent but unfortunately the food was served cold and undercooked .	served	positive
nice tvs with morning news and markets .	tvs	positive
nice tvs with morning news and markets .	markets	positive
that i was not in or invited to join at this bike shop .	bike shop	negative
also , never have coffee here .	coffee	positive
what we got was poorly flavored food and disappointment .	food	negative
very good sushi , great portions , and decent prices .	sushi	positive
very good sushi , great portions , and decent prices .	portions	positive
very good sushi , great portions , and decent prices .	prices	positive
atmosphere is awesome , service is excellent .	atmosphere	positive
atmosphere is awesome , service is excellent .	service	positive
then i mean the food comes .	food	positive
the salsa is amazing !	salsa	positive
great service as well .	service	positive
i love my new haircut and will definitely be going back in the future .	haircut	positive
this place is the worst !	place	negative
this location is fab for many reasons .	location	positive
this location is fab for many reasons .	fab	positive
maybe it was n't even the groupon .	groupon	negative
waitress : chicken caesar salad ?	waitress	negative
waitress : chicken caesar salad ?	chicken caesar salad	positive
finally some answers !	answers	positive
the food perfectly compliments the atmosphere of the lovely , italian grotto .	food	positive
the food perfectly compliments the atmosphere of the lovely , italian grotto .	atmosphere	positive
i have gone here for years , but change of ownership this last month .	ownership	negative
best lunch deals !	lunch deals	positive
there are much better places for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
bottom line , they can not be trusted for accurate or competent work .	work	negative
she also offered me a free facial the next time i came in .	facial	positive
walked in and noticed the outdated decor ... and the smell .	decor	negative
walked in and noticed the outdated decor ... and the smell .	smell	negative
very noisy if you yourself are n't going out drinking .	drinking	negative
great customer service !	customer service	positive
in particular the bathroom was disgusting .	bathroom	negative
worst outback in the chain !	outback	negative
your taste buds will thank you .	taste	positive
it is juicy and has the special sauce and is just fatty goodness .	special sauce	positive
the best meal of the bunch was korean bbq .	meal	positive
the best meal of the bunch was korean bbq .	korean bbq	positive
the food , fruits and flowers are extraordinary .	food	positive
the food , fruits and flowers are extraordinary .	fruits	positive
the food , fruits and flowers are extraordinary .	flowers	positive
great food at great prices .	food	positive
great food at great prices .	prices	positive
the tamales are excellent !	tamales	positive
the wait for your food is totally worth it and acceptable with their quality .	wait for	positive
the wait for your food is totally worth it and acceptable with their quality .	food	positive
the wait for your food is totally worth it and acceptable with their quality .	quality	positive
johnny , the manager , told me that he would issue a gift certificate .	manager	positive
johnny , the manager , told me that he would issue a gift certificate .	gift	positive
our waiter would disappear & left us for _num_ mins after giving our bill .	waiter	negative
our waiter would disappear & left us for _num_ mins after giving our bill .	bill	negative
check was _num_ off .	check	positive
almost all of the shows i have seen here have been extremely pedestrian .	shows	negative
the trade i asked for and a _num_ % + less interest rate .	trade	negative
the trade i asked for and a _num_ % + less interest rate .	interest rate	negative
came at night so ca n't account for the view .	view	negative
i am very happy with the service so far .	service	positive
kendra really knows her stuff !	stuff	positive
i love the quality of their food and their reasonable prices .	quality	positive
i love the quality of their food and their reasonable prices .	food	positive
i love the quality of their food and their reasonable prices .	prices	positive
unfortunately , the new policies have made it that much harder .	policies	negative
i ate it all because i was starving , but the chili tasted weird .	chili	negative
very clean rooms and fitness center .	rooms	positive
very clean rooms and fitness center .	fitness center	positive
at this point , i 'll break the lease to get out of here .	lease	negative
of course , i love crepes ( so that helps ) .	crepes	positive
food was delicious .	food	positive
the ambiance of the restaurant was fantastic !	ambiance	positive
pecan chicken salad sandwich was very tasty and the sourdough bread is really fresh .	pecan chicken salad sandwich	positive
pecan chicken salad sandwich was very tasty and the sourdough bread is really fresh .	sourdough bread	positive
needless to say i will be searching for another tailor .	tailor	negative
the guy who runs it is really nice .	guy	positive
the veggies were awful and strange .	veggies	negative
delicious ice cream .	ice cream	positive
really quality work and just fun to talk with .	work	positive
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .	crowd	positive
this place sucks .	place	negative
highly recommended for special occasions .	occasions	positive
i love that feel of the place .	feel	positive
i love that feel of the place .	place	positive
our waitress nicole , was great .	waitress	positive
for sure got ta come back to try more of their menu !	menu	positive
great ambiance !	ambiance	positive
innovative southwestern cooking .	southwestern cooking	positive
enjoyed our stay here .	stay	positive
the place is cute inside and the staff was great .	place	positive
the place is cute inside and the staff was great .	staff	positive
it was a simple battery replacement that turned into a nightmare .	battery replacement	negative
there was no other brow lady , no other occupied shop for that matter .	brow lady	negative
there was no other brow lady , no other occupied shop for that matter .	shop	negative
pretty staff and dancers .	staff	positive
pretty staff and dancers .	dancers	positive
absolutely worth the drive every couple weeks .	drive	positive
this store is nasty .	store	negative
i live in glendale and the drive is definitly worth it .	drive	positive
i also like the fact that they have a drive-thru .	drive-thru	positive
this is a nice place , it is a bit pricey .	place	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
place sucks .	place	negative
this place is a ripoff .	place	negative
onion rings were great .	onion rings	positive
thanks again anthony !	anthony	positive
recommend reservations for the patio area .	reservations	positive
recommend reservations for the patio area .	patio area	positive
the food was cold .	food	negative
so is your stuff any good ? ''	stuff	positive
the pizza was phenomenal !	pizza	positive
this was the worst service we have ever seen .	service	negative
great service .	service	positive
how did advanced auto come to the conclusion that my compressor was bad ?	compressor	negative
the bar is always packed on sundays and the crowd is a fun one .	bar	positive
the bar is always packed on sundays and the crowd is a fun one .	crowd	positive
then the calamari was light and delicious .	calamari	positive
thanks sugar bowl !	sugar bowl	positive
terrible terrible service !	service	negative
this place was absolutely horrible .	place	negative
the casual atmosphere and the food here is great !	atmosphere	positive
the casual atmosphere and the food here is great !	food	positive
but so far , very nice employees and fantastic grounds .	employees	positive
but so far , very nice employees and fantastic grounds .	grounds	positive
excellent food and wine .	food	positive
excellent food and wine .	wine	positive
i liked the crunch of the salmon skin , the flavor was not bad .	crunch	positive
i liked the crunch of the salmon skin , the flavor was not bad .	salmon skin	positive
i liked the crunch of the salmon skin , the flavor was not bad .	flavor	positive
awesome food .	food	positive
i dealt with scott who was very professional and kind .	scott	positive
this place just does not have good japanese food .	japanese food	negative
do n't you want privacy , hence the name `` private dance '' ?	privacy	negative
i receive excellent service every time .	service	positive
we stopped at the pumpkin patch for everyone to get a pumpkin .	pumpkin patch	positive
we stopped at the pumpkin patch for everyone to get a pumpkin .	pumpkin	positive
she refuses to reverse this charge .	charge	negative
lunch special prices are unbeatable and the pizza is the best !	lunch	positive
lunch special prices are unbeatable and the pizza is the best !	pizza	positive
eclectic people who love beer and great food !	beer	positive
eclectic people who love beer and great food !	food	positive
banana cream pie heaven !	banana cream pie	positive
incredible service and work .	service	positive
and all the women love my cut !	cut	positive
the food is great and the place is fun .	food	positive
the food is great and the place is fun .	place	positive
i highly recommend this place .	place	positive
the prices are okay but not the best in the area .	prices	negative
the prices are okay but not the best in the area .	area	negative
i love the pad thai .	pad thai	positive
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	bar	negative
avoid this place if you care about your health .	place	negative
avoid this place if you care about your health .	health	negative
great location right downtown as well .	location	positive
great place ... ... .	place	positive
the staff were very friendly and courteous .	staff	positive
our home building through them has been a nightmare .	home	negative
chase made our birthday party the best ever ... food was fantastic !	food	positive
jim is extremely knowledgable and a pleasure to deal with .	jim	positive
the greens looks as if they were lacking water .	greens	negative
the greens looks as if they were lacking water .	water	negative
party of _num_ went on a thursday night .	party	positive
the food was barely edible .	food	negative
this place is awesome !	place	positive
i would recommend this office to anyone and everyone .	office	positive
why list was crazy expensive too and not that great .	list	negative
great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
staff is nice and straight forward , honest about wait times and prices .	staff	positive
staff is nice and straight forward , honest about wait times and prices .	wait times	positive
staff is nice and straight forward , honest about wait times and prices .	prices	positive
best pizza place in town better than any other .	pizza place	positive
sign up on their website and they will send you coupons all the time .	coupons	positive
the young hip mom that cuts my hair is awesome !	hip mom	positive
the drive thru was backed up with no food going out .	food	negative
worst place to stay and they have roaches .	place	negative
worst place to stay and they have roaches .	roaches	negative
the outside of the venue was nice but the inside was awful .	venue	positive
the views of the valley at night are spectacular .	views	positive
the views of the valley at night are spectacular .	valley	positive
the service is exceptional and friendly and the food is amazing !	service	positive
the service is exceptional and friendly and the food is amazing !	food	positive
food was a disappointment .	food	negative
the massage therapists are awesome !	massage therapists	positive
management : get a clue !	management	positive
this place is horrible !	place	negative
bread was cold .	bread	negative
the food was alright and definitely not worth the price .	food	negative
the food was alright and definitely not worth the price .	price	negative
have taken my two dogs there twice now , always friendly and great service .	dogs	positive
have taken my two dogs there twice now , always friendly and great service .	service	positive
good chips and salsa .	chips	positive
i got two pair glasses there they were great value .	pair glasses	positive
i got two pair glasses there they were great value .	value	positive
the circumstances being that the restaurant was simply too crowded .	restaurant	negative
one of the best north indian restaurants in arizona .	north indian restaurants	positive
i love breakfast .	breakfast	positive
unfortunately , he was not our server .	server	negative
this place was really nice ( and really packed at lunch time ) .	place	positive
while we were there , we asked about getting some new keys cut .	keys	negative
it was n't a bad dish , it just was n't a good dish .	dish	negative
breakfast today was very disappointing .	breakfast	negative
the shame is on them .	shame	negative
excellent food !	food	positive
great service !	service	positive
this woman makes the best damn bloody marys ( outside of a bar ) !	bloody marys	positive
this woman makes the best damn bloody marys ( outside of a bar ) !	bar	positive
dr. dan is the man !	dr. dan	positive
mediocre food and a bartender that does n't know how to make martini !	food	negative
mediocre food and a bartender that does n't know how to make martini !	bartender	negative
mediocre food and a bartender that does n't know how to make martini !	martini	negative
if i would have been given chips i may have eaten it .	chips	negative
the staff was friendly and knowledgable and very professional .	staff	positive
i dunno , there 's this weird vibe at the place .	vibe	negative
my to-go place for specialty martinis and a wonderful wine list .	specialty martinis	positive
my to-go place for specialty martinis and a wonderful wine list .	wine list	positive
a great museum that my _num_ year old can grow into .	museum	positive
dingy dark spot to stop in and see a range of comics .	spot	negative
my husband and i had honest air install our new ac unit .	air	positive
my husband and i had honest air install our new ac unit .	ac unit	positive
i 'm loving this place .	place	positive
pretty reasonable and awesome mexican food .	mexican food	positive
the problem started when our food was delivered before the wine .	food	negative
the problem started when our food was delivered before the wine .	wine	negative
really love this place .	place	positive
not bad , considering the rarity of some of those bottles .	bottles	negative
had a delightful late lunch on the patio .	lunch	positive
good stuff all around and priced right .	stuff	positive
good stuff all around and priced right .	priced	positive
i just love the fairly authentic new mexican food !	new mexican food	positive
food was always good .	food	positive
service is always good .	service	positive
they actually did more damage to our equipment than they fixed !	equipment	negative
the place is so clean .	place	positive
absolutely no idea how this place got rated _num_ stars .	place	negative
things happen , the place did n't look dirty .	place	negative
mike the bartender is my favorite .	bartender	positive
there are a few servers left from the old owner but they hate it .	servers	negative
there are a few servers left from the old owner but they hate it .	owner	negative
get your sweets fix elsewhere .	sweets fix	positive
worst customer service ever .	customer service	negative
lots of great dance music for all ages .	dance music	positive
the fans were on high making the place cold .	fans	negative
the fans were on high making the place cold .	place	negative
great place for good date night .	date night	positive
the most adorable coffee spot in mesa .	coffee spot	positive
way too many other great mexican options in town .	mexican options	positive
the whole beans were amazing .	beans	positive
very good sushi , .	sushi	positive
anyways , i got home and the pizza was great !	pizza	positive
i just want a fucking steak .	steak	positive
they are very inconsistent with their quality of food .	quality of food	negative
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	haircut	negative
the workmanship was fabulous and they really went above and beyond with the details .	workmanship	positive
the workmanship was fabulous and they really went above and beyond with the details .	details	positive
very good people and amazing food .	people	positive
very good people and amazing food .	food	positive
the vet was really nice and informative .	vet	positive
it had a nice crowd .	crowd	positive
next time , ask me for my id .	id	positive
these guys are amazing !	guys	positive
rob is a great bartender and always makes sure you have a drink !	bartender	positive
rob is a great bartender and always makes sure you have a drink !	drink	positive
i had one beer and was kicked out for being `` drunk '' .	beer	negative
service was pretty good .	service	positive
my favorite place !	place	positive
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	massage chairs	positive
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	manicure station	positive
the condition was good for this time of year .	condition	positive
salsa and chips were the best part .	salsa	positive
salsa and chips were the best part .	chips	positive
the fried wontons are yummy but the egg rolls are super bland .	fried wontons	positive
the fried wontons are yummy but the egg rolls are super bland .	egg rolls	negative
fourth ... and most importantly ... food .	food	positive
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	walgreens locations	positive
also , the cute outdoor patio was nice as well .	outdoor patio	positive
baker wee saved the day !	baker	positive
check out their dinners to go !	dinners	positive
everyone enjoyed their meals .	meals	positive
anyway , i ca n't express enough how much i hate this place .	place	negative
they have good art , but horrible customer service .	art	positive
they have good art , but horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
really great italian food !	italian food	positive
my beer did not come with her drink so i waited and waited .	beer	negative
my beer did not come with her drink so i waited and waited .	drink	negative
i love these donuts because they taste great and the texture is even better .	donuts	positive
i love these donuts because they taste great and the texture is even better .	texture	positive
he said the food could have been hotter temperature wise .	food	negative
he said the food could have been hotter temperature wise .	temperature	negative
the property is gorgeous and the accommodations are everything you could hope for .	property	positive
the property is gorgeous and the accommodations are everything you could hope for .	accommodations	positive
place is nice and big and has everything separated by type .	place	positive
service was great and friendly .	service	positive
this is the worst restaurant meal i have ever had .	restaurant meal	negative
excellent service and friendly waitstaff .	service	positive
excellent service and friendly waitstaff .	waitstaff	positive
the food is wonderful , one of the better steaks i have ever tasted .	food	positive
the food is wonderful , one of the better steaks i have ever tasted .	steaks	positive
i love the simplicity of this small sandwich shop .	sandwich shop	positive
mimosas and coffee finished off a perfect meal .	mimosas	positive
mimosas and coffee finished off a perfect meal .	coffee	positive
mimosas and coffee finished off a perfect meal .	meal	positive
a great neighborhood spot that is family owned and operated .	neighborhood spot	positive
big fan !	fan	positive
and this is my _num_ time to the place .	place	positive
wonder quality .	quality	positive
good food .	food	positive
lots of fun people watching .	people	positive
after going through all of that the food was just ok .	food	negative
quoted a fair price , and i picked up my truck that afternoon .	price	positive
not what i expected from the reviews and not satisfying .	reviews	negative
also , he has one nurse practitioner who i can not stand !	nurse practitioner	positive
definitely will come back to this location .	location	positive
the food was terrific !	food	positive
the service was great !	service	positive
that would be ridiculous , throwing money away .	money	negative
food is always hot !	food	positive
however , the rice was hot in the sushi and rolls !	rice	positive
however , the rice was hot in the sushi and rolls !	sushi	positive
however , the rice was hot in the sushi and rolls !	rolls	positive
i love the feel of it !	feel	positive
the course is always in great shape and their driving range is good .	course	positive
the course is always in great shape and their driving range is good .	driving range	positive
all the lights are working like they should now , very satisfied customer !	lights	positive
all the lights are working like they should now , very satisfied customer !	customer	positive
the second time , i had a hamburger and fries .	hamburger and fries	positive
ribs are great as well meat falls right off the bone .	ribs	positive
ribs are great as well meat falls right off the bone .	meat	positive
this place is pretty good .	place	positive
the service is great !	service	positive
decent food and good service .	food	positive
decent food and good service .	service	positive
prices are great ... the best part of this place !	prices	positive
love the qt .	qt	positive
maybe the kitchen was n't used to the slow demand .	kitchen	negative
maybe the kitchen was n't used to the slow demand .	demand	negative
terrible service .	service	negative
the only reason i gave it two stars is because the ring is nice .	ring	positive
the fries were just fine but the steak was pitiful .	fries	positive
the fries were just fine but the steak was pitiful .	steak	positive
we needed a place to go , have fun and listen to good music .	music	positive
the staff there is wonderful and they make sure everything is just right .	staff	positive
this place is very classy -- great decor and atmosphere .	decor	positive
this place is very classy -- great decor and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
needless to say , we were extremely disappointed with the breakfast club .	breakfast club	negative
the coffee and salads are delicious !	coffee	positive
however , directly across the road is a very large power plant .	power plant	positive
the cheese enchilada with red sauce was just meh .	cheese enchilada with red sauce	positive
they failed to mention it until we seen the sign .	sign	negative
my car went in completely filthy and came out virtually spotless and shiny .	car	negative
it was fun to look at wide variety of beers .	of beers	positive
with the excellent customer service we received it was well worth the money .	customer service	positive
in summary , helpful , informative , and good prices .	prices	positive
the wait was worth it .	wait	positive
i 'm tired of being ripped off by these people .	people	negative
the chef razz is a culinary genius !	chef razz	positive
i am however very disappointed in how they presented the vehicle .	vehicle	negative
i am so happy with the work she has done .	work	positive
the huge sides are always delicious as well .	sides	positive
egg drop soup is not rocket science .	egg drop soup	negative
food was good , not great , but service was very good .	food	positive
food was good , not great , but service was very good .	service	positive
my friend ordered the club and she said it was great too .	club	positive
my sister ordered caesar salad , and the stuffed mushroom appetizer .	caesar salad	positive
my sister ordered caesar salad , and the stuffed mushroom appetizer .	stuffed mushroom appetizer	positive
i made reservations for 6:30pm on a monday night .	reservations	negative
the prices were extremely reasonable and service was great .	prices	positive
the prices were extremely reasonable and service was great .	service	positive
more of a type of place you would find in the southwest valley .	place	negative
i stopped by on a saturday , the store was not too busy .	store	negative
they have a good selection of food and beer .	selection of food	positive
they have a good selection of food and beer .	beer	positive
sir , jay ... you should not storm like a bull towards my table .	table	positive
anyway we ordered food it was bland .	food	negative
meatball waited on us and he made excellent food and beverage recommendations !	meatball	positive
meatball waited on us and he made excellent food and beverage recommendations !	food	positive
meatball waited on us and he made excellent food and beverage recommendations !	beverage	positive
love the decor .	decor	positive
the food was delicious .	food	positive
great food , drinks , atmosphere and service .	food	positive
great food , drinks , atmosphere and service .	drinks	positive
great food , drinks , atmosphere and service .	atmosphere	positive
great food , drinks , atmosphere and service .	service	positive
did i say terrible management ?	management	negative
the mushroom dish excels in flavour .	mushroom dish	positive
room number two was n't made up or cleaned .	room	negative
thanks to a great company !	company	positive
one of the best desserts i 've ever had !	desserts	positive
we had a great time at zipps this week .	zipps	positive
this was the definition of a great restaurant .	restaurant	positive
will continue to use their services in the future .	services	negative
very generous portions .	portions	positive
this restaurant is always a treat .	restaurant	positive
the beer selection is amazing !	beer selection	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the vibe in here is very cool , and very entertaining .	vibe	positive
i definitely recommend this place and will go back .	place	positive
this place is the best .	place	positive
my kids loved this place !	place	positive
my brother goes up to the counter and asks what machaca is .	counter	negative
my brother goes up to the counter and asks what machaca is .	machaca	positive
do n't let the neighborhood scare you off ... it 's perfectly safe .	neighborhood	positive
love the fresh salsa .	fresh salsa	positive
horrible service .	service	negative
next time ill go anywhere else and get _num_ pizzas for that price !	price	negative
this is a very special place to go .	place	positive
coming from la and san diego , this would be pathetic sushi !	sushi	negative
the food took _num_ minutes to come out and was completely cold .	food	negative
very happy with the service , price & honesty !	service	positive
very happy with the service , price & honesty !	price	positive
the meat was somewhat spicy , but overall it was bland .	meat	negative
maybe i just got the wrong dishes ?	dishes	negative
the cole slaw was n't bad , but was still too sweet .	cole slaw	negative
this agents office is outstanding .	agents office	positive
chris in service handled a repair we needed with excellent service !	service	positive
love the sweet onion sauce on a chicken breast sub !	sweet onion sauce on	positive
love the sweet onion sauce on a chicken breast sub !	chicken breast sub	positive
music is great !	music	positive
every detail is top notch .	detail	positive
i would go back but with a good coupon .	coupon	positive
the crust is perfect and so is the sauce .	crust	positive
the crust is perfect and so is the sauce .	sauce	positive
always clean , great food , great staff and good prices .	food	positive
always clean , great food , great staff and good prices .	staff	positive
always clean , great food , great staff and good prices .	prices	positive
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	kfc	negative
terrible food .	food	negative
if i could give them zero stars , i would .	stars	negative
i feel like a master chef now .	chef	positive
he does fabulous work at very fair prices .	prices	positive
after visiting bikram yoga tempe , this studio is not too great .	bikram yoga tempe	negative
fantastic location , close to everything .	location	positive
this place is a dream .	place	positive
i will not recommend this place or go back .	place	negative
food is great and love that this place is family owned .	food	positive
the fish came out very soggy and chips were soggy as well .	fish	negative
the fish came out very soggy and chips were soggy as well .	chips	negative
that 's why you got a _num_ % tip tonight .	tip	positive
obviously , no longer a customer .	customer	negative
worst mani/pedi i have ever had !	mani/pedi	negative
upon arrival we followed the instruction and attempted to connect to the house .	house	negative
delicious food , wonderful lunch menu .	food	positive
delicious food , wonderful lunch menu .	lunch menu	positive
i got tickets which price used to be _num_ .	tickets	negative
i got tickets which price used to be _num_ .	price	negative
it 's not that hard to please the customer .	customer	negative
highly recommend stopping by for breakfast !	breakfast	positive
this place is a gem !	place	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
the ladies would not even acknowledge my presence in the store .	ladies	negative
groupon of $ _num_ for a `` salon cut and style '' .	groupon	positive
groupon of $ _num_ for a `` salon cut and style '' .	cut	positive
the people working here were rude and unhappy .	people	negative
prices for the chicken was very reasonable .	prices	positive
prices for the chicken was very reasonable .	chicken	positive
great atmosphere , wonderful staff .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere , wonderful staff .	staff	positive
nice people and very fair prices !	people	positive
nice people and very fair prices !	prices	positive
amazingly poor customer service .	customer service	negative
the sausage looked more like ground beef , maybe it was .	sausage	negative
the sausage looked more like ground beef , maybe it was .	ground beef	negative
very disappointed in the food !	food	negative
got the fried shrimp , chicken nuggets , fries and onion rings .	fried shrimp	positive
got the fried shrimp , chicken nuggets , fries and onion rings .	chicken nuggets	positive
got the fried shrimp , chicken nuggets , fries and onion rings .	fries	positive
got the fried shrimp , chicken nuggets , fries and onion rings .	onion rings	positive
the staff are fast , friendly and the restrooms are always clean .	staff	positive
the staff are fast , friendly and the restrooms are always clean .	restrooms	positive
the service was great and the food was delicious .	service	positive
the service was great and the food was delicious .	food	positive
the prices are excellent and they offer quite a few specials !	prices	positive
menu is great , the items were priced well for the quality of food .	menu	positive
menu is great , the items were priced well for the quality of food .	items	positive
menu is great , the items were priced well for the quality of food .	quality of food	positive
the mattresses were hard and clearly old .	mattresses	negative
it seems like you see the same people there all the time .	people	negative
and stuff was n't done .	stuff	negative
even better wine selection downstairs and a laid back lounge .	wine selection	positive
even better wine selection downstairs and a laid back lounge .	lounge	positive
food portions were generous and presented nicely .	food portions	positive
he really took his time and our hair turned out perfectly .	hair	positive
the service is always fast , and nice .	service	positive
best dinner night in scottsdale .	dinner night	positive
but sometimes it 's worth paying a premium for location .	location	positive
fantastic sushi and rolls but i am not fond of their cooked dinner entrees .	sushi and rolls	positive
fantastic sushi and rolls but i am not fond of their cooked dinner entrees .	cooked dinner entrees	negative
we love this place .	place	positive
i ordered the burger with fries and then noticed it was $ _num_ .	burger with fries	negative
if you are looking for spicy this place is it !	place	positive
steak was ordered rare and it was cooked rare .	steak	positive
steak was ordered rare and it was cooked rare .	cooked	positive
she sent the plate back a second time .	plate	negative
this place is amazing .	place	positive
scottsdale is supposed to be better than this .	scottsdale	positive
the food was good -- not excellent -- but really good .	food	positive
highly recommended for quality batteries and good service .	batteries	positive
highly recommended for quality batteries and good service .	service	positive
the restaurant was nice and clean inside .	restaurant	positive
that dish absolutely rocked .	dish	negative
did not try the food and probably will not .	food	negative
this place is amazing !	place	positive
the entire team is fantastic .	team	positive
good fountain drinks .	fountain drinks	positive
bandera gets it !	bandera	positive
if you 're a foodie you 'll love this place .	place	positive
awesome spot .	spot	positive
i recommend the place .	place	positive
is it the best chinese food in phoenix ?	chinese food	positive
staff is very professional and nice .	staff	positive
it is not clean and i even pointed out a cockroach out to them .	cockroach	negative
service great .	service	positive
not such a great experience at the improv last night .	improv	negative
the ambiance , however , was definitely lacking .	ambiance	negative
did n't need a refund , just replacement .	replacement	negative
sea saw is the home to my best meal ever .	meal	positive
he treats his staff just as poorly .	staff	negative
this place was the best .	place	positive
very good place , the room service sooo nice .	place	positive
very good place , the room service sooo nice .	room service	positive
holy cow , i love this place .	place	positive
thus its very difficult to get myself into the classes i need .	classes	negative
the facility is clean and busy with clients , always a good sign .	facility	positive
no smiles , no nothing .	smiles	negative
i love the papago peak brewery .	papago peak brewery	positive
rest of food was mediocre .	food	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
you will find no personal service from this location .	personal service	negative
you will find no personal service from this location .	location	negative
the food here is amazing .	food	positive
maybe other dishes on the menu are better i do n't know .	dishes	negative
maybe other dishes on the menu are better i do n't know .	menu	negative
i wish i could take back the tip i originally gave her .	tip	positive
if i could give this place _num_ stars , i would !	place	positive
also , the garlic bread is amazing .	garlic bread	positive
excellent food and drinks !	food	positive
excellent food and drinks !	drinks	positive
i do not recommend this salon .	salon	negative
pizza is always fantastic .	pizza	positive
the steak !	steak	positive
it is a great family run business who take great pride in their work .	business	positive
i guess this business does n't want my business .	business	negative
_num_ minutes after seating the server finally comes to take our order .	server	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
supremely cool and relaxing boutique hotel .	boutique hotel	positive
apparently , this does not include tickets for the dinner and the show .	tickets	negative
apparently , this does not include tickets for the dinner and the show .	dinner	negative
apparently , this does not include tickets for the dinner and the show .	show	negative
excellent hair salon .	hair salon	positive
best buttermilk bars i 've ever had !	buttermilk bars	positive
the food is always great and the employees are wonderfully talented !	food	positive
the food is always great and the employees are wonderfully talented !	employees	positive
good stuff .	stuff	positive
there was also dead roaches and bugs under the stove !	roaches	negative
there was also dead roaches and bugs under the stove !	bugs	negative
breakfast has to be my favorite time of the day !	breakfast	positive
best place that i have ever stayed !	place	positive
a scottsdale secret that everybody has to experience when in town .	scottsdale	positive
this has become my favorite `` chain '' pizza , by far .	chain	positive
wonderful atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great persian restaurant in phoenix .	persian	positive
my favorite is the chicken mole .	chicken mole	positive
shoot , i would go to chipotle over this place any day .	chipotle	negative
a friendly staff and amazing selection of domestic and imported beer .	staff	positive
a friendly staff and amazing selection of domestic and imported beer .	selection	positive
a friendly staff and amazing selection of domestic and imported beer .	beer	positive
only the rail bottles of alcohol .	rail bottles of alcohol	negative
this store is located in old town scottsdale gives tourists a bad experience .	store	negative
all in all , i love this place and its service .	place	positive
all in all , i love this place and its service .	service	positive
the general crowd consists of a majority of very fascinating regulars .	general crowd	positive
this place is so charming and unlike any other .	place	positive
our bartender was fantastic , food was delicious and timely .	bartender	positive
our bartender was fantastic , food was delicious and timely .	food	positive
the price is very reasonable .	price	positive
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?	prices	positive
worst location in arizona .	location	negative
good food , and a unique western themed atmosphere .	food	positive
good food , and a unique western themed atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the food was really good .	food	positive
i love kazimierz !	kazimierz	positive
the salsa is pretty good too .	salsa	positive
the baked potato soup is always perfection .	baked potato soup	positive
even something simple like chicken teriyaki and miso soup were not great .	chicken teriyaki	negative
even something simple like chicken teriyaki and miso soup were not great .	miso soup	negative
i love sweet and salty together .	salty	positive
_num_ ) no free wi-fi .	wi-fi	negative
finance tries to bend you over .	finance	negative
the pizza is excellent .	pizza	positive
seriously , camelback is awesome !	camelback	positive
the evening was just outstanding .	evening	positive
very nice property set in beautiful grounds .	property	positive
very nice property set in beautiful grounds .	grounds	positive
one of the meals was so overcooked it had to be sent back .	meals	negative
the food is above average , and the pricing very reasonable .	food	positive
the food is above average , and the pricing very reasonable .	pricing	positive
boring and overpriced .	boring	negative
food , service , everything else is so average .	food	negative
food , service , everything else is so average .	service	negative
we had places to be so unfortunately , i left hungry .	places	negative
rick was outstanding .	rick	positive
their strawberry jam is freshly made .	strawberry jam	positive
awesome food !	food	positive
the coffee has always been good .	coffee	positive
friendly , fast service and great prices on used tires .	service	positive
friendly , fast service and great prices on used tires .	prices on	positive
the sauce was very tasty , the meatloaf was tender and not dry .	sauce	positive
the sauce was very tasty , the meatloaf was tender and not dry .	meatloaf	positive
perfect for a lunch or dinner date .	lunch	positive
service is always top notch !	service	positive
beautifully maintained property in a great location !	property	positive
beautifully maintained property in a great location !	location	positive
most disgusting pizza i 've ever tasted .	pizza	negative
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	owner	positive
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	facility	positive
i hate to give this place a _num_ star , but i have to .	place	negative
i always get chicken and it 's really tasty .	chicken	positive
the only full service car wash near my house .	car wash	positive
love the new store and they have the best donuts .	store	positive
love the new store and they have the best donuts .	donuts	positive
to find a chip with cheese or refried beans on it was very rare .	chip with cheese	negative
to find a chip with cheese or refried beans on it was very rare .	refried beans	negative
love this place !	place	positive
hate to say it , but the service was horrible !	service	negative
generally hit and miss on your drink order at this starbucks .	drink order	negative
the food is fabulous as is the service !	food	positive
the food is fabulous as is the service !	service	positive
please come closer to my hood .	hood	negative
the other servers were checking on there tables constantly .	servers	negative
the other servers were checking on there tables constantly .	tables	negative
we found this place and it was great .	place	positive
never ordering from this store again .	store	negative
i really love the arizona one .	arizona	positive
great people !	people	positive
i am from new york city and this place is horrible !	place	negative
the office even smells good !	office	positive
grazie 's food is great !	food	positive
the best salon in mesa that i 've visited .	salon	positive
seriously hate this place .	place	negative
they make great martinis too !	martinis	positive
both of our meals were wonderful and we left craving more .	meals	positive
the line moves a little slow , but it 's definitely worth the wait .	line	negative
the line moves a little slow , but it 's definitely worth the wait .	wait	positive
service was quick , friendly , and attentive .	service	positive
a daily lunch and dinner board displays the specials .	lunch	positive
a daily lunch and dinner board displays the specials .	specials	positive
food was excellent as always !	food	positive
delicious and very attentive service .	service	positive
love grimaldi 's .	grimaldi 's	positive
: ) i have found my new dry cleaner !	dry cleaner	positive
as _num_ year patrons , we are no longer supporting their establishment .	patrons	negative
the facility was nice , quiet , and clean .	facility	positive
the pasta we ordered was disappointing .	pasta	negative
empty glasses and no follow up on wtf happened to our order .	glasses	negative
i kinda wish i had , i might of gotten nicer service .	service	negative
the front patio is nice .	front patio	positive
prices are the best in the area .	prices	positive
the food was very mediocre and it smelled like old beer in the restaurant .	food	negative
ohhh and the shredded beef tacos are the best i 've ever had .	shredded beef tacos	positive
they 're burgers are terrible .	burgers	negative
great dry cleaner , quick , efficient and affordable .	dry cleaner	positive
the flower arrangements were right in line with the colors and style we requested .	flower arrangements	positive
the flower arrangements were right in line with the colors and style we requested .	colors	positive
i know weddings do n't go perfectly .	weddings	negative
paying _num_ dollars for a sandwich is n't worth it .	sandwich	negative
all of our guests were pleased with the meal and service .	meal	positive
all of our guests were pleased with the meal and service .	service	positive
this starbucks is terrible .	starbucks	negative
the waitress gave us attitude the entire time .	waitress	negative
and only then was i told where my check was .	check	positive
food is sooooo good !	food	positive
their tamales and tacos are great too !	tamales and tacos	positive
it 's the worst state farm i have been to .	state farm	negative
bar has good deals ; restaurant has average menu but good food .	bar	positive
bar has good deals ; restaurant has average menu but good food .	menu	positive
bar has good deals ; restaurant has average menu but good food .	food	positive
my wife had an amazing stuffed lobster .	stuffed lobster	positive
there was no spice or taste .	spice	negative
there was no spice or taste .	taste	negative
our waitress did not have much knowledge of the food .	waitress	negative
our waitress did not have much knowledge of the food .	food	negative
i used to work near here and we got take out a lot .	take out	positive
absolutely great customer service .	customer service	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
real maple syrup that use to be $ _num_ is $ _num_ .	maple syrup	positive
i also enjoy their sushi and appetizers .	sushi	positive
i also enjoy their sushi and appetizers .	appetizers	positive
the water was absolutely horrible though .	water	negative
so delicious on their hot bread .	hot bread	positive
my new favorite taco place .	taco place	positive
we got our food incredibly quickly .	food	positive
perfect temperature food and drinks .	temperature food	positive
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	apartment	negative
no free dessert , beer , or anything .	dessert	negative
no free dessert , beer , or anything .	beer	negative
helps pay for your gas !	gas	negative
i ca n't understand why the wait staff is so surly .	wait staff	negative
the wine was extremely over priced .	wine	negative
the wine was extremely over priced .	priced	negative
this restaurant is closed !	restaurant	negative
green chile beef relleno was excellent .	green chile beef relleno	positive
food was fantastic .	food	positive
the salesman was very low pressure ; in fact he hardly talked .	salesman	negative
great service , super friendly folks - highly recommend this place .	service	positive
the artichoke pizza is wonderful , and the sausage is just right .	artichoke pizza	positive
the artichoke pizza is wonderful , and the sausage is just right .	sausage	positive
the staff is always friendly , and eager to help in anyway .	staff	positive
no server , no explanation , no attempt to remedy the situation .	server	negative
finally , my friend asked a waiter that we would like to order .	waiter	positive
there is a good amount of space and high ceilings .	space	positive
there is a good amount of space and high ceilings .	ceilings	positive
i hate to do this but the place is soooo bad .	place	negative
mike the manager was outstanding !	manager	positive
the food is always good here .	food	positive
dos is my favorite scottsdale bar because of the relaxed atmosphere .	dos	positive
dos is my favorite scottsdale bar because of the relaxed atmosphere .	bar	positive
dos is my favorite scottsdale bar because of the relaxed atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i 've eaten here twice , food and service was great .	food	positive
i 've eaten here twice , food and service was great .	service	positive
went for my appt and was there for hours .	appt	positive
bread not toasted and not fresh .	bread	negative
perfectly cooked , seasoned and the tortillas taste fresh .	tortillas	positive
my alterations took _num_ weeks but it was well worth the wait !	alterations	positive
my alterations took _num_ weeks but it was well worth the wait !	wait	positive
omg i love drift !	drift	positive
jordan is awesome to work with on the phone to get setup .	setup	positive
probably the best chimi for the price , anywhere .	price	positive
had such a wonderful stay !	stay	positive
fantastic guy - very nice overall experience .	guy	positive
service started out ok but that went downhill as time went on .	service	negative
great food consistently !	food	positive
the best in the valley by far !	valley	positive
garry entertained us thru our complete meal !	meal	positive
service was great .	service	positive
service was great and our food was out quick .	service	positive
service was great and our food was out quick .	food	positive
wonderful gift boutique , and fresh produce , a little pricey , though !	gift boutique	positive
wonderful gift boutique , and fresh produce , a little pricey , though !	produce	positive
the owner is actually from germany and the food seems authentic .	owner	positive
the owner is actually from germany and the food seems authentic .	food	positive
thank you for such great customer service !	customer service	positive
waited another _num_ for the glass of wine .	glass of wine	negative
anyway , the mushroom dish is definitely worth ordering .	mushroom dish	positive
great friendly staff .	staff	positive
their bar scene is so cozy and relaxed .	bar scene	positive
unfortunately , this establishment is the worst panda i have been to .	establishment	negative
unfortunately , this establishment is the worst panda i have been to .	panda	negative
the staff seem really nice and troy was awesome !	staff	positive
the staff seem really nice and troy was awesome !	troy	positive
definitely my new place for gyros !	gyros	positive
one of my favorite go to spots , i beg to go here often .	spots	positive
thanks for making our stay so very special and memorable !	stay	positive
something i thought would be so simple , guess not for this sugar bowl .	sugar bowl	negative
what an amazing set up !	set	positive
no more j & h plumbing for me .	plumbing	negative
our server was attentive and professional throughout our meal .	server	positive
our server was attentive and professional throughout our meal .	meal	positive
my review is mainly in regards to my interaction with tony the manager .	manager	positive
great place to have a dog .	dog	positive
they had an opportunity to correct my issue and instead they lost a customer !	customer	negative
chef did a better job though .	chef	positive
brad not only has an awesome personality but does an amazing job .	brad	positive
great prices , great sushi , great chefs .	prices	positive
great prices , great sushi , great chefs .	sushi	positive
great prices , great sushi , great chefs .	chefs	positive
i ended up getting _num_ hours of sleep and checking out of the place .	place	positive
clearly their aggressive pricing comes with poor quality work .	pricing	negative
clearly their aggressive pricing comes with poor quality work .	work	negative
easy on your pocket book !	pocket book	positive
the water was bad .	water	negative
my friends and i also really enjoyed the music selections .	music selections	positive
love the people here and the food is always amazing !	people	positive
love the people here and the food is always amazing !	food	positive
once seated , the service was very slow .	service	negative
oh , and pastor brian does a great job too .	pastor	positive
a good thing about this place is that they will give u a table .	table	positive
this team of veterinarians is amazing !	veterinarians	positive
problem # _num_ - the hostess was completely clueless and overwhelmed .	hostess	negative
very disappointing food and service on a very special night .	food	negative
very disappointing food and service on a very special night .	service	negative
the food is excellent and the ambiance is perfect for any date night .	food	positive
the food is excellent and the ambiance is perfect for any date night .	ambiance	positive
they did n't even wipe down the sink ?	sink	negative
first off , it 's not a restaurant .	restaurant	negative
the owner of this shop offers advice in a friendly and helpful manner .	owner	positive
the owner of this shop offers advice in a friendly and helpful manner .	shop	positive
it was n't necessarily the content of what she said , but her manner .	manner	negative
good sales on party food .	sales	positive
good sales on party food .	party food	positive
pepperoni is thick sliced and delicious .	pepperoni	positive
love this place- food is fresh and tasty , exactly what sushi should be .	place- food	positive
love this place- food is fresh and tasty , exactly what sushi should be .	sushi	positive
from the start the service was amazing .	service	positive
and how did my bill end up being $ _num_ for _num_ items ?	bill	negative
amazing green pork chili appetizer !	green pork chili appetizer	positive
sweet chile wings are where it 's at .	chile wings	positive
very nice remodel .	remodel	positive
will definitely go back and try more dishes from here .	dishes	positive
great location , reasonably priced , nice apartment and friendly neighbors .	location	positive
great location , reasonably priced , nice apartment and friendly neighbors .	priced	positive
great location , reasonably priced , nice apartment and friendly neighbors .	apartment	positive
the decor of the restaurant could use a bit of a remodel .	decor	negative
the marinara sauce and cream sauce was extremely tasty .	marinara sauce	positive
the marinara sauce and cream sauce was extremely tasty .	cream sauce	positive
then here came our $ _num_ bill of course tip is included .	$	positive
then here came our $ _num_ bill of course tip is included .	tip	positive
i have called the owner several times with no return phone call .	owner	negative
no jam or jelly was served with the toast .	jam	negative
no jam or jelly was served with the toast .	jelly	negative
no jam or jelly was served with the toast .	served	negative
no jam or jelly was served with the toast .	toast	negative
staff always friendly !	staff	positive
the owner is really nice and the prices are good .	owner	positive
the owner is really nice and the prices are good .	prices	positive
wow , this store is small .	store	negative
the guy known as `` little brandon '' here totally screwed me over .	guy	negative
unfortunately i am pretty pale , so i really need a darker spray tan .	spray tan	negative
service here is always great .	service	positive
super friendly and professional and the adjustments rock !	adjustments	positive
amazing green chili mac & cheese , picky about mac & cheese !	green chili mac & cheese	positive
i 've provided too many excuses for this place and enough is enough .	place	negative
great atmosphere and a classic menu .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and a classic menu .	menu	positive
the stetson chopped salad is so good !	stetson chopped salad	positive
the care that is offered is great and the fees are fair .	care	positive
the care that is offered is great and the fees are fair .	fees	positive
they gave me a good one week rate and we 're very courteous .	rate	positive
everyone is very friendly and helpful .	everyone	positive
please go check out the flight night .	flight	positive
the drive there is fabulous .	drive	positive
fully stocked kitchen is a great plus !	kitchen	positive
it was pretty neat ... especially since one of my questions was chosen !	questions	positive
portions are large and price is reasonable .	portions	positive
portions are large and price is reasonable .	price	positive
the sushi and teppanyaki are respectable .	sushi	positive
the sushi and teppanyaki are respectable .	teppanyaki	positive
the only nice thing is the patio .	patio	positive
from hostess to wait staff , everyone is professional and cordial .	hostess	positive
from hostess to wait staff , everyone is professional and cordial .	wait staff	positive
i appreciate the atmosphere and decor which both are inviting .	atmosphere	positive
i appreciate the atmosphere and decor which both are inviting .	decor	positive
their happy hour pricing is the best in the area !	pricing	positive
their happy hour pricing is the best in the area !	area	positive
angel took her time and created the most beautiful and vibrant colors for me .	colors	positive
you guys give us great service and we appreciate it !	service	positive
i am in town on a business trip and found this place on yelp .	business	positive
excellent presentation !	presentation	positive
it does n't seem like anyone cares to want to have business there .	business	negative
it was all very good and the prices were very reasonable .	prices	positive
i was thinking this must be the hot spot !	spot	positive
thanks for the bomb sushi guys !	bomb sushi guys	positive
the service here is not the best .	service	negative
cheap drinks , friendly service , and a good atmosphere .	drinks	positive
cheap drinks , friendly service , and a good atmosphere .	service	positive
cheap drinks , friendly service , and a good atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
everything was great , no complaints , except for the service .	service	positive
sauce is good , and the mozzarella is fabulous .	sauce	positive
sauce is good , and the mozzarella is fabulous .	mozzarella	positive
i think that they have the best pizza in town !	pizza	positive
there was plenty of seating .	seating	positive
he 's a middle aged , boring looking business guy .	business	negative
great place , delicious food , nice staff .	place	positive
great place , delicious food , nice staff .	food	positive
great place , delicious food , nice staff .	staff	positive
even have another appointment this is the slowest bank in town .	bank	negative
great experience with the new menu .	menu	positive
great flavors .	flavors	positive
it 's been such a terrible experience trying to utilize her services we purchased .	services	negative
our dishes were constantly being taken away from us before we were even finished .	dishes	negative
high turnover , poor facilities and regional manager not very helpful .	facilities	negative
high turnover , poor facilities and regional manager not very helpful .	regional manager	negative
i have only had the ice cream , but it was sooooo good !	ice cream	positive
we make the trek from mesa almost every weekend , it 's that good .	mesa	positive
the staff was friendly , and the place was clean .	staff	positive
the staff was friendly , and the place was clean .	place	positive
the cashier was also super helpful in helping us find more ways to save !	cashier	positive
solid menu .	menu	positive
every time i visit , kyoto provides an activity dinner experience !	activity dinner	positive
the policy states you ca n't return power equipment after _num_ days .	power equipment	negative
but this was onion , onion , onion .	onion , onion , onion	positive
all the food is outstanding , ca n't go wrong with anything served here .	food	positive
all the food is outstanding , ca n't go wrong with anything served here .	served	positive
every time i come to old town scottsdale i have to eat here !	scottsdale	positive
this place is a true treasure .	place	positive
i 've been to kona grill in va but i really liked this location .	location	positive
the employees are great .	employees	positive
take away went above and beyond last night ( valentines day ! )	valentines	positive
the food at the spa restaurant is very good .	food	positive
a rare gem here in mesa .	mesa	positive
i recommend their chimichanga .	chimichanga	positive
the delivery is quick in the neighborhood and the drivers are always cute .	delivery	positive
the delivery is quick in the neighborhood and the drivers are always cute .	drivers	positive
the blueberry bread pudding is a must for dessert .	blueberry bread pudding	positive
the blueberry bread pudding is a must for dessert .	dessert	positive
the best pizza in town !	pizza	positive
but between the _num_ orders for dinner , we had issues with all _num_ .	dinner	negative
the food had large portions for the price but just okay taste quality .	food	positive
the food had large portions for the price but just okay taste quality .	portions	positive
the food had large portions for the price but just okay taste quality .	price	positive
the food had large portions for the price but just okay taste quality .	taste quality	positive
the technology used is that good !	technology	positive
i just loved this place !	place	positive
drinks were amazing .	drinks	positive
i 've been ordering from here for years and the quality is always great !	quality	positive
however the food at this place was just gross .	food	negative
place is super cute and quaint .	place	positive
we went here late _num_ and had a buy _num_ get _num_ free coupon .	buy _num_ get _num_	positive
we went here late _num_ and had a buy _num_ get _num_ free coupon .	coupon	positive
but again , not worth the price .	price	negative
bad management , and bad pizzas !	management	negative
bad management , and bad pizzas !	pizzas	negative
one of the best views in my opinion in the area .	area	positive
the food is awesome .	food	positive
this place is a must must must !	place	positive
( why even ask the question when we made the reservation ) !	reservation	negative
the sound is great .	sound	positive
the center and theatre was nice .	center	positive
the center and theatre was nice .	theatre	positive
based on previous reviews , this is not unusual for this location .	location	negative
nice employees , good prices , and enjoyable breakfast items .	employees	positive
nice employees , good prices , and enjoyable breakfast items .	prices	positive
nice employees , good prices , and enjoyable breakfast items .	breakfast items	positive
1st class service !	service	positive
the bedroom was the best of all .	bedroom	positive
the food was out fast and it the best quality !	food	positive
the food was out fast and it the best quality !	quality	positive
this is and will always be one of my spots !	spots	positive
she 's very friendly and knowledgeable , i have enjoyed every appointment .	appointment	positive
new favorite mexican place !	mexican place	positive
the selection of people is always interesting .	selection of people	positive
he ate two bites and pushed it away .	bites	negative
we did n't wait around to try and get ice cream .	ice cream	negative
customer service in pharmacy is non existent !	customer service in pharmacy	negative
so , stay away from this store !	store	negative
meatloaf was over cooked , green chile burger was flavorless .	meatloaf	negative
meatloaf was over cooked , green chile burger was flavorless .	green chile burger	negative
even at this time of year the food is great .	food	positive
inside i liked the fireplace and the dark lighting and the nice old bar .	fireplace	positive
inside i liked the fireplace and the dark lighting and the nice old bar .	lighting	positive
inside i liked the fireplace and the dark lighting and the nice old bar .	bar	positive
i never leave reviews and i am fairly patient person but wow .	reviews	positive
very pleased with the prices .	prices	positive
the trainers are great and the free classes i get are awesome too .	trainers	positive
the trainers are great and the free classes i get are awesome too .	free classes	positive
drinks are a rip off !	drinks	negative
also , the rice was bland ... .	rice	negative
i loved the persian room and it 's truly a hidden gem in scottsdale .	persian room	positive
i came here to buy fudge for christmas and it is completely closed down !	fudge	negative
pleasant waiting area .	waiting area	positive
the food is consistent excellent .	food	positive
trash .	trash	negative
the service is generally very good .	service	positive
service was always prompt and friendly .	service	positive
their own techs could not get them to work !	techs	negative
the staff are super friendly and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
_num_ thumbs down for this location .	location	positive
this place is as fun as you make it .	place	positive
the salsa is nice and spicy , and the portions were plentiful .	salsa	positive
the salsa is nice and spicy , and the portions were plentiful .	portions	positive
we will definitely be going back to try their pizza and their comedy night !	pizza	positive
we will definitely be going back to try their pizza and their comedy night !	comedy	positive
no customer service .	customer service	negative
probably the best i have ever tasted with an amazing dipping sauce .	dipping sauce	positive
like everyone says , this place is a hidden gem in oldtown !	place	positive
friendly people and a great shop that stands by their work .	people	positive
friendly people and a great shop that stands by their work .	shop	positive
delicious food .	food	positive
this makes the service very fast .	service	positive
wings were juicy , perfectly spiced , the pizza ?	wings	positive
wings were juicy , perfectly spiced , the pizza ?	pizza	positive
they also changed their hours so are open to 5pm each day .	hours	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
great lettuce wraps and the bbq chicken flatbread was awesome !	lettuce wraps	positive
great lettuce wraps and the bbq chicken flatbread was awesome !	bbq chicken flatbread	positive
the area is decent but the complex itself is pretty bad .	area	positive
the area is decent but the complex itself is pretty bad .	complex	negative
but i 'm very pleased with my shoes and bag .	shoes	positive
but i 'm very pleased with my shoes and bag .	bag	positive
the renovation is awesome !	renovation	positive
this just shows you how awful this place is .	place	negative
we had a party of four and everyone loved their dish .	dish	positive
i highly recommend this outback steakhouse .	outback steakhouse	positive
i shall not be returning for overpriced simple food i can make at home .	food	negative
staff is very friendly .	staff	positive
i suggest management train their staff and get rid of ones with attitude .	management	positive
i suggest management train their staff and get rid of ones with attitude .	staff	positive
still a bargain compared to human medicine .	human medicine	negative
will never go back to this tourist trap and never recommend it to anyone .	tourist trap	negative
the calamari was ok not the best and not memorable .	calamari	negative
these donuts are so extremely good .	donuts	positive
we enjoyed a good meal here at denny 's .	meal	positive
service is always prompt and friendly .	service	positive
she was also very knowledgable on the entire product line .	product line	positive
our experience at scottsdale springs has been dreadful .	scottsdale	negative
the crowd is a good mix too .	crowd	positive
should we start with the ambiance , people watching or wine selection .	ambiance	positive
should we start with the ambiance , people watching or wine selection .	wine selection	positive
baked stuffed clams , hot and the stuffing was bone dry !	baked stuffed clams	negative
baked stuffed clams , hot and the stuffing was bone dry !	stuffing	negative
do yourself a favor and do not visit this place .	place	negative
speak with a supervisor , they return my first gps .	gps	positive
this is my favorite new mexican restaurant in arizona .	new	positive
they truly truly care about the animal .	animal	positive
service is always on point and they offer new menu items often .	service	positive
service is always on point and they offer new menu items often .	menu items	positive
we also ordered fish that was way over cooked .	fish	negative
i 've been here twice now with my wife and the food is good .	food	positive
these wings here are probably some of the best i 've ever had !	wings	positive
however on this occasion i did n't make it past the front desk .	front desk	negative
the staff was great .	staff	positive
food is great and the service is even better .	food	positive
food is great and the service is even better .	service	positive
that take great care of my dog coco every time .	dog coco	positive
damn you joe !	joe	positive
the mini sundaes are good as well esp with the hot fudge .	mini sundaes	positive
the mini sundaes are good as well esp with the hot fudge .	hot fudge	positive
i just love downtown chandler !	chandler	positive
although the food is expensive , the food is definitely worth it .	food	positive
although the food is expensive , the food is definitely worth it .	food	positive
mustard beef ribs are a must .	mustard beef ribs	positive
very good noodle and meat portions .	noodle and meat portions	positive
amazing bbq !	bbq	positive
amazing wings !	wings	positive
honest hard working guys .	guys	positive
one of my favorite mexican restaurants in scottsdale .	mexican	positive
love this place .	place	positive
he rocks and you should n't be a cheap skate ... !	skate	negative
first of all the bread was old .	bread	negative
delicious , that 's all i have to say about this place .	place	positive
the restaurant has very delicious food .	food	positive
this place is definitely as fun as you make it !	place	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
if you want good persian food , i would suggest going somewhere else .	persian food	positive
his prices are competitive and he will take time to do the job right .	prices	negative
best office and staff ever .	office	positive
best office and staff ever .	staff	positive
i 've had their pizza on several occasions and it has always been good .	pizza	positive
cowboy ciao is a new favorite , especially for this mushroom lover .	cowboy	positive
cowboy ciao is a new favorite , especially for this mushroom lover .	mushroom	positive
great food !	food	positive
you will not be able to cancel your membership once you sign up .	membership	positive
the cornbread rocks and brownies too !	cornbread	positive
the cornbread rocks and brownies too !	brownies	positive
cowboy ciao is one of my favorite things about visiting scottsdale !	cowboy ciao	positive
i am totally impressed with their service here .	service	positive
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	used car	negative
it was a monday evening and the restaurant was only 1/3 full .	restaurant	negative
tastes like frozen dinners , like bottom of the line in quality .	frozen dinners	positive
tastes like frozen dinners , like bottom of the line in quality .	quality	negative
they do all the things on their menu well .	menu	positive
amazing customer service .	customer service	positive
too bad , now i have to find another place for my mexican lunches .	mexican lunches	positive
the food was delicious .	food	positive
the duck was good and very rich in taste .	duck	positive
very cool memorabilia and setting .	memorabilia	positive
very cool memorabilia and setting .	setting	positive
rib tips were n't tips and were way too fatty and tough .	rib tips	negative
rude staff at the door .	staff	negative
the best view in town .	view	positive
love this location !	location	positive
they have an excellent surf and turf option .	surf	positive
it was bland , no flavor .	flavor	negative
i would give this place zero stars if i can .	place	negative
it had goat cheese , chicken and all the fixings .	goat cheese	positive
it had goat cheese , chicken and all the fixings .	chicken	positive
it had goat cheese , chicken and all the fixings .	fixings	positive
best sushi i 've found in the desert .	sushi	positive
but their hummus is fantastic !	hummus	positive
he was actually very rude to me then drove away in his golf cart .	golf cart	negative
we will come back for the comedy but not for the food or drinks .	comedy	positive
we will come back for the comedy but not for the food or drinks .	food	positive
we will come back for the comedy but not for the food or drinks .	drinks	positive
the selection is great and the prices are very reasonable .	selection	positive
the selection is great and the prices are very reasonable .	prices	positive
great for the family or the curious individual .	family	positive
great for the family or the curious individual .	individual	positive
the food happens to be good so it 's an added bonus .	food	positive
plus , i would rather not have mashed potatoes with my italian meal .	mashed potatoes	negative
plus , i would rather not have mashed potatoes with my italian meal .	italian meal	negative
great beer selection , staff was very friendly .	beer selection	positive
great beer selection , staff was very friendly .	staff	positive
karaoke is completely biased to regulars .	karaoke	negative
i will say ruth 's chris is consistent when providing quality food and service .	food	positive
i will say ruth 's chris is consistent when providing quality food and service .	service	positive
friendly knowledgable office staff always willing to help .	office staff	positive
notes : they just do n't provide good customer service .	customer service	negative
they made it look easy , and i was happy with the price .	price	positive
good customer service to the people and the pets .	customer service	positive
good customer service to the people and the pets .	pets	positive
our first time and we had a great meal , wonderful service .	meal	positive
our first time and we had a great meal , wonderful service .	service	positive
this is the 2nd time i 've been to this place .	place	positive
my friends and i love the food at royal thai grill .	food	positive
glad i left without giving my business .	business	negative
it was also thanks to sprouts that i discovered the lovely and versatile quinoa !	quinoa	positive
waited about _num_ mins , not even a glass of water .	glass of water	negative
both my husbands and my eggs were not seasoned whatsoever .	husbands	negative
both my husbands and my eggs were not seasoned whatsoever .	eggs	negative
really nice inside ... not your typical courtyard .	courtyard	positive
i loved the white garlicky sauce over the red sauce .	white garlicky sauce	positive
great service as well .	service	positive
the prices are very affordable - its worth a try at least once !	prices	positive
star _num_ : how was the service and atmosphere ?	service	positive
star _num_ : how was the service and atmosphere ?	atmosphere	positive
went there with a large group and ordered the chicken parmesan and minestrone soup .	chicken parmesan	positive
went there with a large group and ordered the chicken parmesan and minestrone soup .	minestrone soup	positive
worst salon ever .	salon	negative
the food is authentic and tastes as good as it reads on the menu .	food	positive
the food is authentic and tastes as good as it reads on the menu .	menu	positive
i 'm so happy i found my new mechanic !	mechanic	positive
this place is not worth it , do not live here .	place	negative
needed a fast wash so stopped in .	wash	negative
my boyfriend and i walked in to ask for dining for _num_ .	dining for	positive
unfortunately , the food just did n't measure up .	food	negative
i think this bar is top notch and the service is awesome !	bar	positive
i think this bar is top notch and the service is awesome !	service	positive
what a great company .	company	positive
the desserts are always amazing , their cheesecake is my all time favorite .	desserts	positive
the desserts are always amazing , their cheesecake is my all time favorite .	cheesecake	positive
food was nothing special .	food	negative
overall , great service .	service	positive
food is decent but nothing exciting .	food	positive
the staff is always friendly .	staff	positive
really good eggs benedict breakfast !	eggs benedict breakfast	positive
i would not recommend this hotel .	hotel	negative
abby is a great conversationalist .	abby	positive
the food was amazing , the service was outstanding , the atmosphere beautiful .	food	positive
the food was amazing , the service was outstanding , the atmosphere beautiful .	service	positive
the food was amazing , the service was outstanding , the atmosphere beautiful .	atmosphere	positive
has a wide selection of beers on draft and bottle .	of beers	positive
has a wide selection of beers on draft and bottle .	bottle	positive
this place gets _num_ stars because it is good for after work happy hours .	place	positive
the waitstaff were nice but slow and inattentive .	waitstaff	positive
this place sucks .	place	negative
she brought his , not mine and then asked if i wanted sauce .	sauce	negative
i love the kitchen !	kitchen	positive
their sushi is also really good .	sushi	positive
the staff is great and many have been there for many years .	staff	positive
jamie does a great job with my cut and color .	cut	positive
the food was delicious !	food	positive
the lasagna is amazing .	lasagna	positive
even the toast served with breakfast is good !	toast served	positive
difficult to even walk , much less use equipment .	equipment	negative
the chicken - a grilled breast tossed on the top of the pasta .	chicken - a grilled breast	positive
the chicken - a grilled breast tossed on the top of the pasta .	pasta	negative
really enjoy the atmosphere in the store .	atmosphere	positive
really enjoy the atmosphere in the store .	store	positive
the bianco flatbread had hardly any toppings on it .	bianco flatbread	negative
this place has went downhill in a serious way since i was last here .	place	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
cute atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
for dinner , i ordered the pork tenderloin with mexican street corn and grits .	pork tenderloin	positive
for dinner , i ordered the pork tenderloin with mexican street corn and grits .	mexican street corn and grits	positive
the super nachos are really tasty too !	super nachos	positive
speedy lunch service at a great price and the atmosphere will most certainly impress .	lunch service	positive
speedy lunch service at a great price and the atmosphere will most certainly impress .	price	positive
speedy lunch service at a great price and the atmosphere will most certainly impress .	atmosphere	positive
walked in after dinner wanted a blizzard and a pepsi freeze .	blizzard	negative
walked in after dinner wanted a blizzard and a pepsi freeze .	pepsi freeze	negative
paid then they told me they do n't have enough people for their detail .	detail	negative
they got the steak , cheese and peppers just right .	steak , cheese and peppers	positive
always the best quality service .	quality service	positive
not impressed with management .	management	negative
we were disappointed at the decor -- or the lack of it .	decor	negative
great service .	service	positive
it had a lot of good flavors going on and was cooked well .	flavors	positive
all their soups are amazing .	soups	positive
the service is pedestrian , the place is stuffy and the food just meh .	service	negative
the service is pedestrian , the place is stuffy and the food just meh .	place	negative
the service is pedestrian , the place is stuffy and the food just meh .	food	negative
this is an office you can trust .	office	positive
i loved my fish tacos !	fish tacos	positive
great beer .	beer	positive
nice owner and clerks .	owner	positive
nice owner and clerks .	clerks	positive
i am loving the results !	results	positive
a little tight but fun with good acoustics .	acoustics	positive
for starters , the smell .	smell	positive
our waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu and very professional .	waiter	positive
our waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu and very professional .	menu	positive
everyone at the table ordered something different and it was all delicious .	table	positive
amazing tacos .	tacos	positive
good ice cream .	ice cream	positive
signature hole for me ?	signature hole	positive
the staff is very friendly and the environment there is awesome .	staff	positive
the staff is very friendly and the environment there is awesome .	environment	positive
i 'm still wondering why the bartender amy is still there .	bartender amy	positive
the service is fantastic with veteran service staff and talented seating people .	service staff	positive
the service is fantastic with veteran service staff and talented seating people .	seating	positive
i dont think you should treat your customers that way .	customers	negative
rude staff .	staff	negative
love this place , could eat there every day !	place	positive
i asked the server if the potatoes were real .	server	positive
i asked the server if the potatoes were real .	potatoes	positive
the only great thing about this resort is the location .	resort	positive
the only great thing about this resort is the location .	location	positive
the bread sticks are absolutely the best i 've ever had !	bread sticks	positive
coach house is just a nice , friendly neighborhood bar with an amazing atmosphere .	coach	positive
coach house is just a nice , friendly neighborhood bar with an amazing atmosphere .	bar	positive
coach house is just a nice , friendly neighborhood bar with an amazing atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
please avoid this place .	place	negative
the lobby is beautiful and brightly lit .	lobby	positive
produce and floral selection has a great variety and the price is always right .	produce	positive
produce and floral selection has a great variety and the price is always right .	floral selection	positive
produce and floral selection has a great variety and the price is always right .	price	positive
i highly recommend the salt cellar for its outstanding seafood and excellent customer service .	salt cellar	positive
i highly recommend the salt cellar for its outstanding seafood and excellent customer service .	seafood	positive
i highly recommend the salt cellar for its outstanding seafood and excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
the best part is the homemade tortillas !	homemade tortillas	positive
the dolly steamboat is very nice and relaxing .	dolly steamboat	positive
really good barbeque and steaks in an old school setting decorated with baseball memorabilia .	barbeque	positive
really good barbeque and steaks in an old school setting decorated with baseball memorabilia .	steaks	positive
the customer service in this location is great !	customer service	positive
surprisingly the worst mexican food i 've ever had .	mexican food	negative
great food great service all the time !	food	positive
great food great service all the time !	service	positive
great pairing !	pairing	positive
_num_ for a glass of wine was overpriced .	glass of wine	negative
i would definitely recommend the dolly to all ages and it is inexpensive .	dolly	positive
a cockroach was crawling on the wall next to us .	cockroach	negative
the service and food are always consistent making it nice .	service	positive
the service and food are always consistent making it nice .	food	positive
the classes are flexible and the front desk very organized .	classes	positive
the classes are flexible and the front desk very organized .	front desk	positive
absolutely decent and close enough to freeway if in a hurry .	freeway	positive
i was really impressed with their attention to detail and customer satisfaction .	customer satisfaction	positive
they are a very professional piano moving company with plenty of experience .	piano	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
one of the best skate shops i 've visited in az .	skate shops	positive
love this place !	place	positive
amazing attentiveness , great conversations and a vast knowledge of drinks .	conversations	positive
amazing attentiveness , great conversations and a vast knowledge of drinks .	drinks	positive
the dining area also appeared to be clean , for the most part .	dining area	positive
left a few messages for management to `` discuss my visit . ''	management	negative
just take a look at the reviews and the stars .	reviews	positive
they also have homemade baklava for my sweet tooth ... .	homemade baklava	positive
best donuts in the valley .	donuts	positive
it 's a relaxed sports bar with decent bar food .	sports bar	positive
it 's a relaxed sports bar with decent bar food .	bar food	positive
they added a a few other vegetables inside the sandwich .	vegetables	negative
they added a a few other vegetables inside the sandwich .	sandwich	negative
she made the process very easy and did a great job .	process	positive
the people are nice , our delivery driver is wonderful and always remembers us .	people	positive
the people are nice , our delivery driver is wonderful and always remembers us .	delivery driver	positive
great lunch specials !	lunch specials	positive
the salad was only lettuce and vinaigrette with a fly .	salad	positive
the salad was only lettuce and vinaigrette with a fly .	vinaigrette	positive
my husband always gets the eggs benedict , and he loves it !	eggs benedict	positive
great salon !	salon	positive
our service was also pitiful .	service	positive
all there food always comes out hot and fresh too .	food	positive
the boyfriend and i ordered a sausage and mushroom pizza .	sausage and mushroom pizza	positive
rooms are very nicely decorated and the grounds are well-maintained .	rooms	positive
rooms are very nicely decorated and the grounds are well-maintained .	grounds	positive
our server had a great personality and always checked up on us .	server	positive
a treasure hunt where you are almost sure to find a treasure .	treasure hunt	positive
mediocre food .	food	negative
had a great time trying on dresses here !	dresses	positive
this is our favorite breakfast joint .	breakfast joint	positive
very good salsa .	salsa	positive
the fries were quite good , too .	fries	positive
def got ta check this place out .	place	positive
toppings fed the both of us happily .	toppings	positive
the spanish rice was also dry , looked old , and was pretty bland .	spanish rice	negative
will definitely stop ordering food here though .	food	negative
i really enjoy this bar .	bar	positive
the staff here is fabulous .	staff	positive
gorgeous views .	views	positive
love this place !	place	positive
they make their own mix and its not sweet !	mix	negative
you really cant beat this place .	place	negative
i wish every service ran this smoothly .	service	positive
dad got a cashiers check , we paid for it and drove away .	cashiers check	negative
very dependable work .	work	positive
i got the tamale sampler .	tamale sampler	positive
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	plate	negative
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	container of cole slaw	negative
i dream of their empanadas .	empanadas	positive
there was syrup on one of the chairs that my mother-in-law sat in .	syrup	negative
there was syrup on one of the chairs that my mother-in-law sat in .	chairs	negative
best auto repair business in the valley .	auto repair business	positive
the server did n't seem like he even wanted to be there .	server	negative
love this old fashion ice cream parlor .	ice cream parlor	positive
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	drinks	positive
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	food recommendations	positive
the place is lively and the drinks are awesome !	place	positive
the place is lively and the drinks are awesome !	drinks	positive
got there first thing this morning , the guys were very pleasant .	guys	positive
no worries though , we just wanted to grab a couple beers .	beers	positive
our chocolate lab loves the water and was very excited after visiting .	chocolate lab	positive
our chocolate lab loves the water and was very excited after visiting .	water	positive
the prices are not worth it .	prices	negative
and know apology from you , the owner , shame on you !	owner	negative
they serve potato chips with all their sandwiches , no fries .	potato chips	positive
they serve potato chips with all their sandwiches , no fries .	sandwiches	positive
they serve potato chips with all their sandwiches , no fries .	fries	negative
the food is consistently good ever time .	food	positive
she enjoyed her glass of wine and my plate was huge !	glass of wine	positive
she enjoyed her glass of wine and my plate was huge !	plate	positive
last time had pizza and wings and was really good .	pizza	positive
i also tried a lemon drop martini that was also delicious .	lemon drop martini	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
the rice is the best you will find in the us .	rice	positive
no , drinks until we asked again .	drinks	negative
ray is an honest hard working guy .	ray	positive
it 's like going to a micro brewery and asking for a miller lite .	miller lite	positive
i have been to several people there and have loved the results .	results	positive
their rolls are always good , you can never go wrong !	rolls	positive
i think i will give this place one more try before i pass completely .	place	positive
dinners are all ala carte .	dinners	positive
this experience really made me appreciate quality chicken wings from just about anywhere else .	quality chicken wings	positive
he just said its not on the receipt when it clearly states so .	receipt	negative
great food and service .	food	positive
great food and service .	service	positive
it was also pretty bland with no flavor .	flavor	negative
i recently had a denver omelet that really hit the spot .	denver omelet	positive
first time here ; tonight for dinner .	dinner	positive
i went here for dinner and enjoyed their food very much .	dinner	positive
i went here for dinner and enjoyed their food very much .	food	positive
this place is pretty legit and always packed .	place	negative
great service , super nice employees .	service	positive
great service , super nice employees .	employees	positive
we have frequented fiesta since _num_ .	fiesta	positive
enjoyed our dishes .	dishes	positive
debbie helped me and went above and beyond to make sure i was happy .	debbie	positive
amazing atmosphere and food .	atmosphere	positive
amazing atmosphere and food .	food	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
great food , had lobster and steak tonight .	food	positive
great food , had lobster and steak tonight .	lobster	positive
i hated this place .	place	negative
the best part is the red meat ... .	red meat	positive
you want amazing breakfast ?	breakfast	positive
the manager quoted me $ _num_ .	manager	positive
such cool lights at night .	lights	positive
stayed here for _num_ nights , and my room was n't even serviced once .	room	negative
the coconut cream pie shake left me happy .	coconut cream pie shake	positive
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	cabinets	negative
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	bathroom	negative
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	sink	negative
place is sliding backwards .	place	negative
and the parking situation , oh lord , do n't get me started .	parking situation	negative
double sink was nice .	double sink	positive
ordered room service and what we ordered is not what was delivered .	room service	negative
great property in beautiful setting .	property	positive
great property in beautiful setting .	setting	positive
the food is delicious and served family style .	food	positive
the food is delicious and served family style .	served family	positive
great italian deli ... .	italian	positive
good food , great prices , and it 's casual and quick .	food	positive
good food , great prices , and it 's casual and quick .	prices	positive
my favorite place for breakfast and friday fish fry .	place	positive
my favorite place for breakfast and friday fish fry .	breakfast	positive
my favorite place for breakfast and friday fish fry .	fish fry	positive
the type of view provided and the cheesy decor was almost embarrassing .	view	negative
the type of view provided and the cheesy decor was almost embarrassing .	cheesy decor	negative
_num_ stars for excellent customer service !	customer service	positive
moving out of this place is hell .	place	negative
do n't get your keys made here - they never work .	keys	negative
the surroundings are very warm and inviting .	surroundings	positive
waiters are always pleasant and helpful .	waiters	positive
the customer service here is top notch .	customer service	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
the seafood is only fresh and well prepared .	seafood	positive
not good customer service , we will not be back .	customer service	negative
learned from a local about their pizzas !	pizzas	positive
i 'm so glad i found this place !	place	positive
their portions are ginormous and quality was top notch , especially the bourbon chicken .	portions	positive
their portions are ginormous and quality was top notch , especially the bourbon chicken .	quality	positive
their portions are ginormous and quality was top notch , especially the bourbon chicken .	bourbon chicken	positive
i love this place ... .	place	positive
i really like this place for something different .	place	positive
joe , my nail tech was so detail oriented during my entire mani-pedi .	nail tech	positive
joe , my nail tech was so detail oriented during my entire mani-pedi .	mani-pedi	positive
everything about this experience was what great customer service and great food should be .	customer service	positive
everything about this experience was what great customer service and great food should be .	food	positive
the gym as a whole is just grimy .	gym	negative
none of these options were available .	options	negative
what a cute little place !	place	positive
the chips and salsa are delicious - the salsa is very fresh .	chips	positive
the chips and salsa are delicious - the salsa is very fresh .	salsa	positive
the chips and salsa are delicious - the salsa is very fresh .	salsa	positive
went to drop off some clothes today to find out this location has closed !	location	negative
love this spa !	spa	positive
they were excellent with a unique mix of flavors .	mix of flavors	positive
so i went across this place on yelp .	place	negative
what a great neighborhood find !	neighborhood	positive
customer service is terrible .	customer service	negative
that actually ate up the coupon and we ended up paying full price anyway .	coupon	negative
that actually ate up the coupon and we ended up paying full price anyway .	price	negative
want to know why they get a bad review ?	review	negative
menu is pretty extensive and wine list is good as well .	menu	positive
menu is pretty extensive and wine list is good as well .	wine list	positive
we ordered their most popular items and they were nothing special .	items	negative
nice atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
looking for great gyros in a family run joint .	gyros	positive
the portions are huge .	portions	positive
very reliable pick-up and delivery for the linen and towel service .	delivery	positive
very reliable pick-up and delivery for the linen and towel service .	linen	positive
very reliable pick-up and delivery for the linen and towel service .	towel service	positive
the cocktail came but no bottle as we waited for quite some time .	cocktail	negative
the cocktail came but no bottle as we waited for quite some time .	bottle	negative
this place was horrible .	place	negative
jumped in the chair and got a great haircut quickly .	haircut	positive
horrible customer service !	customer service	negative
i love the atmosphere and the staff .	atmosphere	positive
i love the atmosphere and the staff .	staff	positive
also ordered the green chile mashed potatoes because they sounded interesting .	green chile mashed potatoes	positive
i was n't able to pay rent in the 1st .	rent	negative
this is a low rent dive type mexican place .	dive	positive
this is a low rent dive type mexican place .	mexican place	positive
the lunch is amazing here and the portion is huge as well .	lunch	positive
the lunch is amazing here and the portion is huge as well .	portion	positive
this place has not changed since i worked there _num_ years ago .	place	positive
the beef looked grey and the cheese looked old and overcooked .	beef	negative
the beef looked grey and the cheese looked old and overcooked .	cheese	negative
i had the opportunity to speak with the owner and am highly impressed !	owner	positive
indoor bar/restaurant and nice outdoor patio .	indoor bar/restaurant	positive
indoor bar/restaurant and nice outdoor patio .	outdoor patio	positive
we are so grateful and the cake looks amazing !	cake	positive
good atmosphere , and friendly service .	atmosphere	positive
good atmosphere , and friendly service .	service	positive
weight limit on everything .	weight limit	negative
staff is very helpful and their prices beat guitar center almost every time .	staff	positive
staff is very helpful and their prices beat guitar center almost every time .	prices	positive
lets see , monday , half off burgers with side of fries .	burgers with side of fries	positive
excellent and genuine technicians .	technicians	positive
classy place .	place	positive
all staff there were pleasant and helpful .	staff	positive
i was super impressed with the way she did the color .	color	positive
friendly people .	people	positive
drinks prices are average .	drinks prices	negative
the staff are knowledgable , friendly and professional .	staff	positive
i ordered a bean burrito no cheese .	bean burrito no cheese	positive
service was very good waiter went out of way .	service	positive
service was very good waiter went out of way .	waiter	positive
this extra perk was a great addition to our dinner .	perk	positive
this extra perk was a great addition to our dinner .	dinner	positive
however , the build process and warranty work did not meet our expectations .	build process	negative
however , the build process and warranty work did not meet our expectations .	warranty	negative
staff was also friendly .	staff	positive
the chopped salad was amazing !	chopped salad	positive
burgers and steaks are great .	burgers	positive
burgers and steaks are great .	steaks	positive
the steaks and lamb chop were outstanding , even their stuffed mushrooms were flavorful .	steaks	positive
the steaks and lamb chop were outstanding , even their stuffed mushrooms were flavorful .	lamb chop	positive
the steaks and lamb chop were outstanding , even their stuffed mushrooms were flavorful .	stuffed mushrooms	positive
food is excellent with just the right amount of spice .	food	positive
food is excellent with just the right amount of spice .	spice	positive
i liked the ceviche and the drinks .	ceviche	positive
i liked the ceviche and the drinks .	drinks	positive
the bartender was friendly and very quick .	bartender	positive
i got the tamale sampler and it was really good .	tamale sampler	positive
everything we have ordered off the menu has been great .	menu	positive
the service is excellent and the prices are very reasonable .	service	positive
the service is excellent and the prices are very reasonable .	prices	positive
he did n't know anything about the website and did n't care .	website	negative
i do n't eat burgers unless they are well done .	burgers	negative
the buffet is not worth it .	buffet	negative
the employees are smart and great with my animal .	employees	positive
the mechanic at joe 's failed to call me and let me know .	mechanic	negative
the service is pretty bad .	service	negative
sadly , there is another show tonight that i really want to go to .	show	negative
prices were more than fair and we got a discount as well .	prices	positive
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	waiter	positive
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	veal carolina	positive
their falafel pita was delicious .	falafel pita	positive
super super guy and the office staff is excellent too !	office staff	positive
staff was cool .	staff	positive
you 're better off going to ranch market in gilbert .	ranch market	positive
chill environment , great people , ok food , amazing drinks !	environment	positive
chill environment , great people , ok food , amazing drinks !	people	positive
chill environment , great people , ok food , amazing drinks !	food	positive
chill environment , great people , ok food , amazing drinks !	drinks	positive
im was so embarrassed to even bring a guest there .	guest	negative
service was extremely slow , appetizers were not even warm .	service	negative
service was extremely slow , appetizers were not even warm .	appetizers	negative
i liked this place way better than other places in mesa .	place	positive
the prices were incredibly reasonable .	prices	positive
my husband ordered pasta with tuscan meat sauce .	pasta with tuscan meat sauce	positive
awesome haircut and great conversation .	haircut	positive
awesome haircut and great conversation .	conversation	positive
$ _num_ for a very lousy pizza .	pizza	negative
ordering food online and picking it up never gets a tip from me .	food	positive
moreover , they have pepsi instead of coke .	pepsi	negative
moreover , they have pepsi instead of coke .	coke	negative
great food and atmosphere .	food	positive
great food and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
my beans were of the canned variety that they clearly just heat up .	beans	negative
love fiesta burrito !	fiesta burrito	positive
the food came out quickly and with a very nice presentation .	food	positive
the food came out quickly and with a very nice presentation .	presentation	positive
the atmosphere is was brings me back .	atmosphere	positive
i love their pizza .	pizza	positive
still hot and fresh for takeout as well which is a plus for me .	takeout	positive
great customer service also !	customer service	positive
another table sat down beside us .	table	negative
sesame chicken was just ok .	sesame chicken	negative
the service was excellent as well .	service	positive
chicken chow mien tastes like cheap hotel food .	chicken chow mien	positive
chicken chow mien tastes like cheap hotel food .	hotel food	positive
this is the type of place i would become a regular at .	place	positive
it will be super crispy and good if you get the light toppings .	toppings	positive
delicious food and healthy options .	food	positive
delicious food and healthy options .	options	positive
large outdoor patio is a great environment for people of all ages .	outdoor patio	positive
large outdoor patio is a great environment for people of all ages .	environment	positive
great presentation and flavor , all around .	presentation	positive
great presentation and flavor , all around .	flavor	positive
delicious with pickles added .	pickles	positive
it cost me an extra $ _num_ for the gel french manicure .	gel french manicure	positive
well really all the food is !	food	positive
great place with great food .	place	positive
great place with great food .	food	positive
the carne adovada was excellent , so tender it was melting in my mouth .	carne adovada	positive
do n't owner makes sure you leave full and satisfied .	owner	positive
the staff here at this location are awesome .	staff	positive
the staff here at this location are awesome .	location	positive
they then put an automatic _num_ % tip for a party of six .	_num_	positive
they then put an automatic _num_ % tip for a party of six .	tip	positive
she said , no i do not need to and dumped the drink out .	drink	negative
best ice cream sandwich ever !	ice cream sandwich	positive
another plus are their coupons that double on friday 's .	coupons	positive
maintenance staff is rude and ca n't be bothered .	maintenance staff	negative
super professional and nice friendly staff .	staff	positive
also , wait staff was slow and rude .	wait staff	negative
and it tasted like garbage .	garbage	negative
it was a beautiful night and i came across this restaurant .	night	positive
it was a beautiful night and i came across this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
great service & great food !	service	positive
great service & great food !	food	positive
i can barely finish my plate .	plate	negative
thank you for your kind spirit and amazing customer service .	customer service	positive
i enjoy this place for take out and delivery .	take out	positive
i enjoy this place for take out and delivery .	delivery	positive
amazing meal to start a night out in oldtown .	meal	positive
none of us used the bathroom .	bathroom	negative
best fast mexican in mesa !	mexican in mesa	positive
no frills with this place , just simple and good food .	place	positive
no frills with this place , just simple and good food .	food	positive
i want to eat comfortably , i did n't order no food to go .	food	positive
great fresh fish and the cabbage gave it that perfect taste combination .	fresh fish	positive
great fresh fish and the cabbage gave it that perfect taste combination .	cabbage	positive
just not kayla .	kayla	negative
those particular flavors just blended really well together .	flavors	positive
great dessert .	dessert	positive
so my friend went to talk to the manager , nick .	manager	positive
the marquee sucks .	marquee	negative
i ordered something with rolled beef with carrots and pickle in it .	rolled beef with carrots	positive
i ordered something with rolled beef with carrots and pickle in it .	pickle	positive
the bottles salsa is incredible !	bottles salsa	positive
good people and good haircuts .	people	positive
good people and good haircuts .	haircuts	positive
sushi was tolerable , but the service was miserable .	sushi	negative
sushi was tolerable , but the service was miserable .	service	negative
good bbq pork sandwich .	bbq pork sandwich	positive
i seriously love me some carlsbad !	carlsbad	positive
thanks for the total lack of customer service barro 's .	customer service	negative
ok on top of it being a horrible experience , the fish just sucked .	fish	negative
walmart has those items for cheaper !	items	positive
everything i have tried on the menu is outstanding - including appetizers and drinks .	menu	positive
everything i have tried on the menu is outstanding - including appetizers and drinks .	appetizers	positive
everything i have tried on the menu is outstanding - including appetizers and drinks .	drinks	positive
it was also a massive portion !	portion	positive
i informed the waitress , but she did not understand me .	waitress	negative
this is warmed over food at its worst .	food	negative
the meeting rooms themselves are old and tired .	meeting rooms	negative
the inept greeter told us that the wait would n't be long .	greeter	negative
the inept greeter told us that the wait would n't be long .	wait	negative
awesome staff !	staff	positive
try the location near fry 's in fountain hills .	location	positive
also , my fillings ended up uneven .	fillings	negative
this salon is so personal i love it .	salon	positive
this store stinks .	store	negative
the prices are good , portions are large and atmosphere is nice .	prices	positive
the prices are good , portions are large and atmosphere is nice .	portions	positive
the prices are good , portions are large and atmosphere is nice .	atmosphere	positive
great customer service in addition to the great work they do .	customer service	positive
had a great dinner tonight .	dinner	positive
my green enchiladas were good but small in portion size for $ _num_ .	green enchiladas	positive
my green enchiladas were good but small in portion size for $ _num_ .	portion size	negative
new ownership !	ownership	positive
the desserts are a little bland and are pricey given the small size .	desserts	negative
the desserts are a little bland and are pricey given the small size .	size	negative
this was the only card i brought in .	card	positive
the description did n't explain any of it or have any pictures .	description	negative
the description did n't explain any of it or have any pictures .	pictures	negative
it 's always clean and the store is always set up nicely .	store	positive
worst walgreens i 've ever been to ( speaking for the pharmacy ) .	walgreens	negative
it 's the whole staff .	staff	positive
the ac is extremely loud and hard to sleep with .	ac	negative
always come back and bring new people to this spot .	spot	positive
i love garlic , but it was a bit much even for me !	garlic	positive
fast and high quality work !	work	positive
i highly recommend king gyro !	king gyro	positive
great food , great service , great sports memorabilia .	food	positive
great food , great service , great sports memorabilia .	service	positive
great food , great service , great sports memorabilia .	sports memorabilia	positive
the driver was pleasant but the food was cold and the order was wrong .	driver	positive
the driver was pleasant but the food was cold and the order was wrong .	food	negative
i called david and he told me they could not guarantee a seamless install .	install	negative
i am so pleased with his professionalism and fast service .	service	positive
unfortunately they would not honor the price because it was their happy hour .	price	negative
the cheese enchiladas are gross .	cheese enchiladas	positive
quality is top notch .	quality	positive
this place is fantastic .	place	positive
the hot sauce and condiments are great , and the people are friendly .	hot sauce	positive
the hot sauce and condiments are great , and the people are friendly .	condiments	positive
the hot sauce and condiments are great , and the people are friendly .	people	positive
its always cooked just right with a nice `` char '' .	char	positive
got dressed again and left the room .	room	negative
the pastries are the perfect end to a meal !	pastries	positive
the pastries are the perfect end to a meal !	meal	positive
my dish also had little hard pieces in it .	dish	negative
the prices are very reasonable and they are very fast at delivering your order .	prices	positive
even the guacamole is amazing .	guacamole	positive
the service is always great and the staff is nice .	service	positive
the service is always great and the staff is nice .	staff	positive
just fyi to the employees , not everyone that comes here is drunk .	employees	negative
my family and i ate lunch here for the first and last time .	lunch	positive
great atmosphere and nice staff .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and nice staff .	staff	positive
ok you picture it loaded with pine nuts , onions and peppers .	pine nuts	positive
ok you picture it loaded with pine nuts , onions and peppers .	onions	positive
ok you picture it loaded with pine nuts , onions and peppers .	peppers	positive
best machaca in arizona and california .	machaca	positive
one of my favorite spots in in town .	spots	positive
i went here tonight with the bf .	bf	positive
they are drinking smoking not safe for children to be around .	drinking smoking	negative
the customer service was great and the employees were helpful .	customer service	positive
the customer service was great and the employees were helpful .	employees	positive
i will definitely return to this walgreen 's !	walgreen	positive
thinking back some of the cooks had no hair cover .	cooks	negative
i love this restaurant !	restaurant	positive
the staff is helpful and friendly .	staff	positive
best mexican food in chandler .	mexican food	positive
took us about _num_ min to place order which was fine ; rush hour .	rush	positive
the wings were great and so were the refills of our beers !	wings	positive
the wings were great and so were the refills of our beers !	beers	positive
used to be our favorite pizza destination , but no longer !	pizza destination	negative
very nice tv 's and atmosphere .	tv	positive
very nice tv 's and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the guy on the phone was very rude .	guy	negative
really good with the kids .	kids	positive
we were on a mission to chill and found the perfect place .	place	positive
i have always received great service and care .	service	positive
when we told her we had a reservation she was not happy .	reservation	negative
prices are very reasonable for a steak house and the food is good .	prices	positive
prices are very reasonable for a steak house and the food is good .	food	positive
then i ordered a burrito , which came with rice and beans .	burrito	positive
then i ordered a burrito , which came with rice and beans .	rice and beans	positive
the portions are great as well .	portions	positive
the fries were also cold .	fries	negative
great food and awesome service .	food	positive
great food and awesome service .	service	positive
great for small to medium sized dogs .	dogs	positive
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	red peppers	negative
this `` new '' management is super unprofessional and rude to customers .	management	negative
avoid this place at all costs .	place	negative
this place is perfect .	place	positive
the meats are not very high quality in flavor or texture .	meats	negative
the meats are not very high quality in flavor or texture .	flavor	negative
rude and unprofessional , food actually was very good but the server was not .	food	negative
rude and unprofessional , food actually was very good but the server was not .	server	negative
same goes for the garlic cheese bread .	garlic cheese bread	positive
everyone in this office is great !	office	positive
this is a $ _num_ drink and my expectations were higher .	drink	negative
although the food presentation was nice , the dishes had no flavor .	food presentation	positive
although the food presentation was nice , the dishes had no flavor .	dishes	negative
my sandwich was good .	sandwich	positive
fun atmosphere with great outdoor people watching , what else do you need !	atmosphere	positive
fun atmosphere with great outdoor people watching , what else do you need !	outdoor people	positive
amazing customer service .	customer service	positive
beautiful bar area but small .	bar area	positive
the table seemed bare , salt but no pepper or hot sauce .	table	negative
the table seemed bare , salt but no pepper or hot sauce .	pepper	negative
the table seemed bare , salt but no pepper or hot sauce .	hot sauce	negative
i had the high desert pasta and there was barely anything in the bowl .	high desert pasta	negative
i had the high desert pasta and there was barely anything in the bowl .	bowl	negative
this place sucks , do not go there .	place	negative
he was so pissed off because he knew his hair looked horrible .	hair	negative
the atmosphere was nice .	atmosphere	positive
the newspaper menu was such a cool touch !	newspaper menu	positive
this store does not seem to be concerned about repeat business .	store	positive
our server was lackluster .	server	negative
it 's one of the better sports bars in town .	sports bars	positive
good follow-up to get a crown done .	crown	positive
i love that they serve the full menu at the bar .	menu	positive
i love that they serve the full menu at the bar .	bar	positive
their oranges are to die for and the staff are very friendly .	oranges	positive
their oranges are to die for and the staff are very friendly .	staff	positive
eating area was nice and clean .	eating area	positive
service was a little slow to begin with .	service	negative
the staff is amazing and super personable .	staff	positive
tried the las vegas , tiger , rainbow and heart attack rolls .	las	positive
tried the las vegas , tiger , rainbow and heart attack rolls .	tiger	positive
great food and service .	food	positive
great food and service .	service	positive
helen is the best !	helen	positive
the golf course is beautiful and near the base of camelback mountain .	golf course	positive
i would recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves mexican food .	mexican food	positive
the staff is phenomenal .	staff	positive
new ownership is awesome .	ownership	positive
the woman did n't even apologize .	woman	negative
i always look forward to visiting his office !	office	positive
great beer selection and the staff really knew their stuff .	beer selection	positive
great beer selection and the staff really knew their stuff .	staff	positive
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	owner	positive
the baristas are always so willing to help or provide recommendations !	baristas	positive
we , and the other patrons ate pizza with our coats on .	pizza	positive
one of the most adorable coffee shops in the phoenix metro area .	coffee shops	positive
skip this joint ... .	joint	negative
staff is friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
also the chips are so thin and crispy , definitely very fresh .	chips	positive
fresh mozzarella and quality toppings !	fresh mozzarella	positive
fresh mozzarella and quality toppings !	quality toppings	positive
all of a sudden , the owner got very mad .	owner	negative
neither is sure of its authenticity .	authenticity	negative
we finished our salads and sat waiting for our entrees .	salads	positive
we finished our salads and sat waiting for our entrees .	entrees	positive
i ended up paying $ _num_ for job .	job	negative
great old fashioned chinese restaurant .	chinese	positive
great little place !	place	positive
i also thought that the prices were reasonable .	prices	positive
we tried the guac , very tasty .	guac	positive
casual dining fresh food .	casual dining fresh food	positive
a little bit of a rip of and just lazy service in my opinion .	service	negative
i also did the timeshare presentation and have to give diamond resorts credit .	timeshare presentation	positive
the egg rolls and spring rolls are great as well !	egg rolls	positive
the egg rolls and spring rolls are great as well !	spring rolls	positive
absolutely love doing business with them .	business	positive
did i mention that i was served the wrong food .	served	negative
did i mention that i was served the wrong food .	food	negative
she never came back with a wet towel to clean up her mess !	wet towel	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
plus the people are pretty laid back and friendly .	people	positive
there should have just been _num_ : the room and the mini bar .	room	negative
there should have just been _num_ : the room and the mini bar .	mini bar	positive
service is always prompt & helpful ( thanks alex & oscar !	service	positive
people love this place .	people	positive
people love this place .	place	positive
he was n't a employee , just someone having lunch and hanging out .	employee	negative
he was n't a employee , just someone having lunch and hanging out .	lunch	negative
we will continue to come here for our indian food cravings .	indian food	positive
it was all vodka , and no sake .	vodka	negative
it was all vodka , and no sake .	sake	negative
food was not that great at all .	food	negative
the food was fantastic as well .	food	positive
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .	place	positive
my favorite place to get my nails done .	place	positive
not all pizzas are created equal .	pizzas	negative
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	food	negative
the big ass burger was the best burger i have ever had .	burger	positive
all mcdonalds are bad but this one is terrible .	mcdonalds	negative
i got a great price with a great warranty .	price	positive
was it cooked or was n't it ?	cooked	negative
there were _num_ college students working tonight for about _num_ parties of customers .	customers	negative
staff is on the rude side and place is not organized .	staff	negative
staff is on the rude side and place is not organized .	place	negative
def go with a cool group and enjoy the show !	show	positive
a good place to go for a special occasion .	place	positive
there are enough cockroaches for a horror film .	cockroaches	positive
that ridiculous bread ?	bread	negative
good ending to be thankful for .	ending	positive
mashed potatoes and corn excellent .	mashed potatoes	positive
mashed potatoes and corn excellent .	corn	positive
the crust was like cardboard and there was very little cheese .	crust	negative
the crust was like cardboard and there was very little cheese .	cheese	negative
the food was amazing , and the workers were too .	food	positive
the food was amazing , and the workers were too .	workers	positive
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	price specials	positive
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	groupon	positive
this place is simply awesome .	place	positive
they found shirt and called to pick up which i did .	shirt	negative
our waiter was rude , lazy and condescending and the owner was even worse .	waiter	negative
our waiter was rude , lazy and condescending and the owner was even worse .	owner	negative
excellent pizza with only the freshest ingredients .	pizza	positive
excellent pizza with only the freshest ingredients .	ingredients	positive
we drove through and the order was wrong .	order	negative
the food is fantastic , rich and well portioned .	food	positive
will never spend my money here again .	money	negative
the mashed potatoes that came with it tasted like nothing ... .	mashed potatoes	negative
customer service is top notch as well .	customer service	positive
good family owned restaurant .	restaurant	positive
newly moved to az , and needed to find a dentist for my family .	az	positive
newly moved to az , and needed to find a dentist for my family .	dentist	positive
but the food that i received was sub-par .	food	negative
just went there for apps and drinks and it was terrible .	apps	negative
very friendly and great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
the kids love it !	kids	positive
location is great .	location	positive
the price is always perfect !	price	positive
that same six pack will be eight or nine dollars elsewhere .	six pack	positive
he also had the pork carnitas which he also truly enjoyed .	pork carnitas	positive
nice and friendly staff .	staff	positive
great local place .	local place	positive
the best part , however , is the customer service .	customer service	positive
thank you from a very happy customer !	customer	positive
pretty cool dive bar !	dive bar	positive
the service is good , customers are friendly and food is nice .	service	positive
the service is good , customers are friendly and food is nice .	customers	positive
the service is good , customers are friendly and food is nice .	food	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
to him it 's a sin to leave any bacon behind .	bacon	negative
great homemade italian organic as well !	homemade italian organic	positive
food and service is consistently divine here .	food	positive
food and service is consistently divine here .	service	positive
the tea is good .	tea	positive
great prepared foods and dried nuts and snacks .	prepared foods	positive
great prepared foods and dried nuts and snacks .	dried nuts	positive
the hot sauce was watered down no flavor but hot .	hot sauce	negative
the service was terrible , and i got food poisoning .	service	negative
the service was terrible , and i got food poisoning .	food	negative
the dessert , chocolate lava cake , was n't even good .	dessert , chocolate lava cake	negative
oasis animal clinic is an amazing place .	oasis animal clinic	positive
many choices on the menus and great food !	menus	positive
many choices on the menus and great food !	food	positive
so many wonderful programs for all ages .	programs	positive
the location is great and the atmosphere is amazing !	location	positive
the location is great and the atmosphere is amazing !	atmosphere	positive
best italian deli in phoenix valley , bar none .	italian deli	positive
best italian deli in phoenix valley , bar none .	bar	positive
music is pleasant , staff is accommodating and nice .	music	positive
music is pleasant , staff is accommodating and nice .	staff	positive
great band , great location - the best thing was the crowd .	band	positive
great band , great location - the best thing was the crowd .	location	positive
great band , great location - the best thing was the crowd .	crowd	positive
that 's real mexican place .	mexican place	positive
talk about excellent customer service !	customer service	positive
so sweet that some baristas know my name and how i drink my coffee !	baristas	positive
so sweet that some baristas know my name and how i drink my coffee !	coffee	positive
cool , laid-back kind of hipster atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
flavorless and overpriced .	flavorless	negative
i definitely recommend either of those choices .	choices	positive
the salon is always clean and the staff is really friendly .	salon	positive
the salon is always clean and the staff is really friendly .	staff	positive
the sushi was great at a reasonable price off the regular menu .	sushi	positive
the sushi was great at a reasonable price off the regular menu .	price	positive
the sushi was great at a reasonable price off the regular menu .	menu	positive
on that note , the budget is n't terribly cheap .	budget	negative
the on going breeze was refreshing , off setting the night heat .	breeze	positive
i called gus to inform them , a manager was put on the phone .	manager	negative
the pizza is fresh and delicious .	pizza	positive
the fried chicken was like eating leather .	fried chicken	positive
we sat in the bar and it was very romantic .	bar	positive
my tongue is still smoking ... in a bad way .	tongue	negative
he and his staff are always welcoming , friendly , and professional .	staff	positive
delicious breakfast burrito !	breakfast burrito	positive
can you say worst gym ever ?	gym	negative
i got the mongolian beef and my fianc ordered the pad thai .	mongolian beef	positive
i got the mongolian beef and my fianc ordered the pad thai .	pad thai	positive
creme brle was amazing !	creme brle	positive
either way , you 're better off at chipotle .	chipotle	positive
we ordered some dumpling and they were absolutely disgusting .	dumpling	negative
even the regular bagel with cream cheese was a let down .	regular bagel with cream cheese	negative
if you have the money , it 's soooo worth the $ $ .	money	positive
the decor and ambiance are really what make the place .	decor	positive
the decor and ambiance are really what make the place .	ambiance	positive
my wife and i are big time malee 's fans .	malee	positive
aside from the wait on the weekends , we had an amazing meal .	wait	positive
aside from the wait on the weekends , we had an amazing meal .	meal	positive
great date night spot for old town scottsdale .	spot	positive
i love taking my boys here .	boys	positive
there is an employee named melissa who flat out lies to your face .	employee	negative
the owner knows us and treats us very well !	owner	positive
the flavors of the chicken were top notch and i highly recommend .	flavors	positive
the flavors of the chicken were top notch and i highly recommend .	chicken	positive
great coffee !	coffee	positive
this place is fabulous !	place	positive
they also have great lemonade !	lemonade	positive
i signed up for a spa service and was amazing .	spa service	positive
this place is gross .	place	positive
we were both very satisfied with our food .	food	positive
family friendly place is always a plus in my book !	family	positive
family friendly place is always a plus in my book !	place	positive
beautiful , well maintained , impeccable service and just such a relaxing weekend .	service	positive
the food is excellent .	food	positive
this church is like a mile away from us .	church	negative
thank you , amanda and thank you to the staff at rumors salon .	staff	positive
their service is awful .	service	negative
i guess the manager got too greedy for his own good .	manager	negative
so folks with food allergies , you can really eat here too !	food	positive
i tried their limited time only bourbon bbq burger , very good .	bourbon bbq burger	positive
during football season , thursday night is pizza night .	pizza	positive
i always try different dishes and they all are very good .	dishes	positive
the toasted pastrami with everything smiley and the meatball sub were so delicious !	toasted pastrami	positive
the toasted pastrami with everything smiley and the meatball sub were so delicious !	meatball sub	positive
food was completely uninspired and pedestrian .	food	negative
this is our celebration place .	celebration place	positive
the service was atrocious -- grossly disorganized , slow , unbelievable .	service	negative
it was lunch and it was dead .	lunch	negative
probably one of the best tom ka gai i 've had .	tom ka gai	positive
we highly recommend carpet source .	carpet source	positive
zipps , baby !	zipps	positive
good mexican food and nice service .	mexican food	positive
good mexican food and nice service .	service	positive
because your value is you do n't care about your customers .	value	negative
because your value is you do n't care about your customers .	customers	negative
never use again , better off going to full service for $ _num_ !	service	positive
such a wonderful dress shop !	dress shop	positive
event catering is excellent .	event catering	positive
one of the best breakfast burrito selections in town .	breakfast burrito	positive
sorry george , but you need to improve your food quality .	food quality	negative
awesome service , awesome work !	service	positive
the sandwiches are huge and delicious !	sandwiches	positive
best chinese food in the area .	chinese food	positive
staff and doctor jones are absolutely amazing .	staff	positive
save yourself some grief and skip this place !	place	negative
and the cappuccino was bad .	cappuccino	negative
yummy yummy yum !	yummy	positive
very good service .	service	positive
i was very sure to say `` add _num_ % ! ''	add _num_	positive
full service , they even offer massages !	service	positive
full service , they even offer massages !	massages	positive
very good pizza , we 've been here a few times .	pizza	positive
some of the employees at this mcdonald 's are very rude .	employees	negative
some of the employees at this mcdonald 's are very rude .	mcdonald	negative
service was slow and i felt like an inconvenience .	service	negative
thanks nordstrom , you did it again .	nordstrom	positive
by the way , the service was _num_ star all the way .	service	positive
did i get a teeth cracking cold brew ?	brew	negative
the bartenders used to be awesome and personable .	bartenders	positive
these guys are fantastic !	guys	positive
this italian gem is a wonderful authentic masterpiece .	italian	positive
the pita bread is fluffy and soft with a mild flavor .	pita bread	positive
the pita bread is fluffy and soft with a mild flavor .	flavor	positive
service was excellent and dinner for a group of _num_ was totally within budget .	service	positive
service was excellent and dinner for a group of _num_ was totally within budget .	dinner	positive
rio is a bummer , they need to figure things out .	rio	negative
the `` happy hour specials '' was what got my attention .	happy hour specials	positive
the soup selection was excellent and very tasty .	soup selection	positive
i have been visiting this restaurant since i moved to az .	restaurant	positive
these guys are an honest tire shop .	tire shop	positive
always trash hanging out of the garbage cans and the floor is dirty .	trash	negative
always trash hanging out of the garbage cans and the floor is dirty .	garbage cans	negative
always trash hanging out of the garbage cans and the floor is dirty .	floor	negative
the chips and salsa was very good too .	chips	positive
wo n't be back to another chilis .	chilis	negative
_num_ ) we tried to cash out , and the bartender had disappeared .	bartender	negative
$ _num_ for a couple pieces of french toast !	french toast	positive
service was great .	service	positive
awesome wings , friendly service , really good pizza .	wings	positive
awesome wings , friendly service , really good pizza .	service	positive
awesome wings , friendly service , really good pizza .	pizza	positive
the manager did nothing to apologize for his servers terrible service either .	manager	negative
the manager did nothing to apologize for his servers terrible service either .	servers	negative
the manager did nothing to apologize for his servers terrible service either .	service	negative
it was about their very , very poor service .	service	negative
just great food .	food	positive
the girls were pretty friendly and we had a good time !	girls	positive
i would highly recommend any of the stylist .	stylist	positive
warm and upscale but comfortable atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
my calamari was so so .	calamari	positive
a great place to bring a date .	place	positive
next time , skip the library .	library	negative
not sure why this place is rated so highly .	place	negative
love this place !	place	positive
the food was ok , nothing special .	food	negative
waters were always full and they kept the delicious fresh bread coming !	waters	positive
waters were always full and they kept the delicious fresh bread coming !	bread	positive
wings , wings , wings , and more wings !	wings	positive
wings , wings , wings , and more wings !	wings	positive
tried the beef , it 's wonderful .	beef	positive
this meal ranks in the top _num_ of all time !	meal	positive
get all quotes in writing !	quotes	positive
the food is delicious and alway consistent !	food	positive
great job !	job	positive
over all this place is just ok , but i think you got that .	place	negative
the menu is somewhat limited but it 's all good .	menu	negative
nice people , professional service .	people	positive
nice people , professional service .	service	positive
very quaint & older place .	place	positive
i was stuck there because i had paid through priceline .	priceline	negative
outside appearance is average but atmosphere inside is warm and inviting .	appearance	positive
outside appearance is average but atmosphere inside is warm and inviting .	atmosphere	positive
i had received a birthday gift certificate from firestone for a free oil change .	oil change	positive
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	place	negative
the omelets are delish and the side of fruit is almost always sweet .	omelets	positive
the omelets are delish and the side of fruit is almost always sweet .	side of fruit	positive
great local place -- have patience they are busy during season !	local place	positive
amazing sushi , amazing service !	sushi	positive
amazing sushi , amazing service !	service	positive
i highly recommend going to this church !	church	positive
i was very impressed with my stay at this resort !	stay	positive
i was very impressed with my stay at this resort !	resort	positive
there was a nice sense of hospitality .	hospitality	positive
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .	everyone	positive
the food is always so good .	food	positive
great design ideas , gary really knows his plants !	design ideas	positive
great design ideas , gary really knows his plants !	plants	positive
strangely enough the salsa are too bland .	salsa	negative
wonderful people who are very knowledgeable and willing to help you out .	people	positive
travel all around the world and know indian food well .	indian food	positive
i would have been better off with a store bought pizza ... .	pizza	negative
very good consistent pizza .	consistent pizza	positive
the acoustics are poor .	acoustics	negative
the food quality was bland with no flavor .	food quality	negative
the staff is friendly and is very knowledgeable about the products they sell .	staff	positive
the staff is friendly and is very knowledgeable about the products they sell .	products	positive
plus they speak english well enough to understand any questions you may have .	questions	positive
yesterday , me and my mom went to this location to get lunch .	lunch	positive
they did n't heat up my burrito all the way .	burrito	negative
i ordered the bean and cheese burrito and _num_ tacos .	bean and cheese burrito	positive
do i recommend this place , yes !	place	positive
good pizza but the staff was overwhelmed and the service suffered a bit .	pizza	positive
good pizza but the staff was overwhelmed and the service suffered a bit .	staff	negative
good pizza but the staff was overwhelmed and the service suffered a bit .	service	negative
optical department is awesome .	optical department	positive
i love their shrimp with garlic !	shrimp with garlic	positive
the salon is small , personable and has a great location .	salon	negative
the salon is small , personable and has a great location .	location	positive
the food , service , and atmosphere are old school good .	food	positive
the food , service , and atmosphere are old school good .	service	positive
the food , service , and atmosphere are old school good .	atmosphere	positive
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .	menu	positive
great variety of produce .	of produce	positive
the cloth napkins were a nice touch and the happy hour looked decent too .	cloth napkins	positive
hubby had a _num_ lb .	hubby	positive
hubby had a _num_ lb .	_num_	positive
friendly service .	service	positive
their lunch special is a great value !	lunch special	positive
great location near old town scottsdale .	location	positive
gave me a great courtesy vehicle and treated me with respect and honesty .	vehicle	positive
the apartment she showed us was filthy and smelled horribly of mold and mildew .	apartment	negative
the apartment she showed us was filthy and smelled horribly of mold and mildew .	mold	negative
the apartment she showed us was filthy and smelled horribly of mold and mildew .	mildew	negative
the boy behind the counter expected me to do it yourself .	boy	negative
service - outstanding .	service	positive
portions are generous and dishes extremely tasty and authentic ( family owned ) !	portions	positive
portions are generous and dishes extremely tasty and authentic ( family owned ) !	dishes	positive
the service is great , and i could spend hours looking at the memorabilia .	service	positive
the service is great , and i could spend hours looking at the memorabilia .	memorabilia	positive
you got to go for an appointment for a private viewing .	viewing	positive
this place have such a bad customer service .	customer service	negative
good place .	place	positive
_num_ words - money pit !	money pit	positive
extensive wine list and also enjoyed the dessert sampler .	wine list	positive
extensive wine list and also enjoyed the dessert sampler .	dessert sampler	positive
staff was friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
the manager is a dishonest dealer .	manager	negative
i would not recommend this place .	place	negative
the ambiance is appropriate and the pricing is on par .	ambiance	positive
the ambiance is appropriate and the pricing is on par .	pricing	negative
the staff was nice and the place was clean and quiet .	staff	positive
the staff was nice and the place was clean and quiet .	place	positive
love my lv !	lv	positive
very friendly staff .	staff	positive
salsa was ok but the eggs were awful how does this place stay open ?	salsa	negative
salsa was ok but the eggs were awful how does this place stay open ?	eggs	negative
horrible service , no one around to ever help you find stuff .	service	negative
the best italian food so far i 've ate in scottsdale !	italian food	positive
the food was great .	food	positive
worst service and business management ever .	service	negative
worst service and business management ever .	business management	negative
their delivery is so quick and the food is delicious .	delivery	positive
their delivery is so quick and the food is delicious .	food	positive
waiter had a snooty attitude .	waiter	negative
i did n't care for the carne asada or the fish .	carne asada	negative
i did n't care for the carne asada or the fish .	fish	negative
love the bento boxes ... all under _num_ calories & delicious !	bento boxes	positive
the seasoned fries are also good .	seasoned fries	positive
so i did just that for most all pieces .	pieces	positive
i love looking at their home decor section .	home decor section	positive
zero stars !	stars	negative
their steak , potato cheese is _num_ stars !	steak , potato cheese	positive
it is not a quiet complex .	complex	negative
i think quality food takes time and i appreciate that process .	quality food	positive
wonderful breakfast we loved it !	breakfast	positive
the quality of ice cream and toppings you get are great .	quality of ice cream	positive
the quality of ice cream and toppings you get are great .	toppings	positive
i really like this place and the customer service is awesome .	customer service	positive
the best french bread in town .	french bread	positive
great work !	work	positive
apparently the owners are too cheap to fix them .	owners	negative
drive out , pay , grab food and leave .	food	negative
service was horrible !	service	negative
they looked old and many had worn covers .	covers	negative
i 'll still visit sport clips , just not this location .	sport clips	positive
i 'll still visit sport clips , just not this location .	location	positive
add to that fast delivery service , makes this a great place for pizza .	delivery service	positive
add to that fast delivery service , makes this a great place for pizza .	pizza	positive
drinks finally came , we ate and left .	drinks	positive
very friendly and fast service as well .	service	positive
i never write reviews but the service here is worth my first review .	service	positive
new ownership right after i signed 2nd year lease in july .	lease	negative
bathroom was very clean .	bathroom	positive
otherwise , it was $ _num_ for dinner the last time i went .	dinner	negative
this place for some reason has gone downhill .	place	negative
bean and cheese burrito and strips are always delicious .	bean and cheese burrito	positive
worst dentist i have had in my _num_ years of life .	dentist	negative
the ambiance stellar .	ambiance	positive
solid place !	place	positive
an hour later , no pizza , so i called .	pizza	negative
the sandwich artists here make a decent sandwich .	sandwich artists	positive
the sandwich artists here make a decent sandwich .	sandwich	positive
as for me , i wish my food was bland .	food	negative
the price was awesome and the food was really good .	price	positive
the price was awesome and the food was really good .	food	positive
believe the reviews on service & do n't risk a special event here .	service	positive
great location for spring time baseball .	location	positive
great location for spring time baseball .	spring	positive
great location for spring time baseball .	baseball	positive
the food is mediocre at best .	food	negative
the view did not disappoint .	view	positive
the service was n't great either .	service	negative
this salon is the full package ; cafe , shopping and a million services .	cafe	positive
this salon is the full package ; cafe , shopping and a million services .	services	positive
the eggplant was gross and hard to even get on my fork .	eggplant	negative
the eggplant was gross and hard to even get on my fork .	fork	negative
love this place .	place	positive
they have bible study for all ages !	bible study	positive
their frozen section is full of organic and all natural selections .	frozen section	positive
maybe the burger and i were n't a good match today ... .	burger	negative
in the _num_ 's i did take lessons at the dance shoppe .	dance shoppe	positive
got ta say i was really surprised to see improvement in service side .	service	positive
the hostess was not nice whatsoever .	hostess	negative
great customer service very knowledgable and willing to spend time with novice riders .	customer service	positive
pancakes were n't bad , but like i said earlier , nothing special .	pancakes	positive
loved the patio dining ambiance !	patio dining ambiance	positive
insurance company told me they would change the tire once they got there .	tire	negative
chopped sirloin ... fabulous .	chopped sirloin	positive
it was a huge portion , if you 're into that .	portion	positive
i sat in line _num_ minutes for a hot coffee .	hot coffee	positive
~ the spectacular view - you must sit on the patio !	view	positive
~ the spectacular view - you must sit on the patio !	patio	positive
unfortunately , it seems like the quality has gone downhill as the chain expanded .	quality	negative
unfortunately , it seems like the quality has gone downhill as the chain expanded .	chain	negative
we love going there for the lunch buffet .	lunch buffet	positive
it costs them more for frys then it does for lettuce and tomato .	frys	negative
it costs them more for frys then it does for lettuce and tomato .	lettuce	negative
it costs them more for frys then it does for lettuce and tomato .	tomato	negative
the vegetarian is my favorite with extra cheese .	vegetarian	positive
the vegetarian is my favorite with extra cheese .	extra cheese	positive
quick and friendly service .	service	positive
if you 're looking for quality chinese food you are in the wrong place .	chinese food	negative
great service .	service	positive
also the best wait staff ever .	wait staff	positive
loved my meal at tottie 's last night !	meal	positive
not quite the way to approach someone on your course .	course	negative
the employees here are always so kind and helpful .	employees	positive
this store is fabulous , i bought my wedding dress there today .	store	positive
this store is fabulous , i bought my wedding dress there today .	wedding dress	positive
not worth the service wait .	service wait	negative
fairly friendly place .	place	positive
i hated the place .	place	negative
the place has plenty of televisions if you like watching sports .	place	positive
they live up to the reputation -- - thorough , competent , priced fairly .	priced	positive
much better ra .	ra	positive
it was like a bite of a dense veggie patty .	veggie patty	positive
it was a beautiful day , really enjoyed the boat .	boat	positive
the gyro pita was delicious !	gyro pita	positive
the coffee was perfect , very smooth not bitter .	coffee	positive
the food was so good !	food	positive
best cheese steak sandwich that i have ever had .	cheese steak sandwich	positive
i love the new location it 's so modern and clean .	location	positive
not nearly enough topping !	topping	negative
fantastic place for a nice date night , the perfect hidden gem .	place	positive
fantastic place for a nice date night , the perfect hidden gem .	date night	positive
the food is awesome and the people here are rad .	food	positive
the food is awesome and the people here are rad .	people	positive
there was no really exciting rides at all .	rides	negative
i found my new favorite liquor store .	liquor store	positive
the service from start to finish was outstanding .	service	positive
the only free spot had a reserved sign on it .	spot	negative
the only free spot had a reserved sign on it .	reserved sign	negative
if you are looking for great and smart food , make a stop here .	food	positive
the tiramisu was probably the worst tiramisu i 've ever had .	tiramisu	negative
the tiramisu was probably the worst tiramisu i 've ever had .	tiramisu	negative
it was a small joint but had a pleasant atmosphere with a friendly staff .	atmosphere	positive
it was a small joint but had a pleasant atmosphere with a friendly staff .	staff	positive
been coming here for years , always friendly curteous and do an amazing job .	curteous	positive
i told the owner forget about it , they lost a customer forever .	owner	negative
i told the owner forget about it , they lost a customer forever .	customer	negative
the food is great here and very authentic .	food	positive
lauren stepped up to the plate and made my visit worthwhile .	plate	positive
it was delicious and more than enough food for one person .	food	positive
while they did n't have lemon soda , they did have delicious italian food .	lemon soda	negative
while they did n't have lemon soda , they did have delicious italian food .	italian food	positive
such a pleasure to have great service !	service	positive
huge menu , lots of great choices .	menu	positive
manager refused said it 's store policy .	manager	negative
manager refused said it 's store policy .	store	negative
always able to get on the machines .	machines	negative
the staff are very friendly and accommodating .	staff	positive
a friend recommended i call bob 's tv service .	tv service	positive
awesome place !	place	positive
they are great people .	people	positive
you da best dr. k !	dr.	positive
the atmosphere and service is consistently _num_ stars .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere and service is consistently _num_ stars .	service	positive
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	beer	negative
there was n't any flavors to savor or remember .	flavors	negative
the menu is very creative for sushi , especially the dynamite plate .	menu	positive
the menu is very creative for sushi , especially the dynamite plate .	sushi	positive
the menu is very creative for sushi , especially the dynamite plate .	dynamite plate	positive
i love filiberto 's .	filiberto 's	positive
this is the worst hotel i have seen here which has this bad service .	hotel	negative
this is the worst hotel i have seen here which has this bad service .	service	negative
i am so happy i found ron !	ron	positive
the staff have always been friendly and quick with service .	staff	positive
the staff have always been friendly and quick with service .	service	positive
once you buy one , you 're hooked for life .	life	positive
this is one of my regular stops .	stops	positive
and the service was worse .	service	negative
awesome muffins ... .	muffins	positive
this place beyond rocks !	place	positive
the side dishes are also excellent , particularly the mustard potato salad .	side dishes	positive
the side dishes are also excellent , particularly the mustard potato salad .	mustard potato salad	positive
the sea bass i ordered was very average .	sea bass	negative
folks , be warned that this place is terrible !	place	negative
our dog is doing well and has improved very much .	dog	positive
everyone loves the ride and education .	ride	positive
everyone loves the ride and education .	education	positive
everything is wonderful down to the dessert .	dessert	positive
i will never go back to this place again .	place	negative
great place for lunch specials !	lunch specials	positive
amazing my nails still look amazing after almost _num_ weeks since my gel fill .	nails	positive
amazing my nails still look amazing after almost _num_ weeks since my gel fill .	gel fill	positive
my kids love it and the food is yummy .	food	positive
the salon is always clean and the technicians are friendly .	salon	positive
the salon is always clean and the technicians are friendly .	technicians	positive
very good job .	job	positive
nice atmosphere with the lighting low .	atmosphere	positive
nice atmosphere with the lighting low .	lighting	positive
this reputation is well earned and as a result they are usually quite busy .	reputation	positive
my food has always tasted great and i 've had no issues with service .	food	positive
my food has always tasted great and i 've had no issues with service .	service	positive
and then my average pizza is simply cold , late average pizza .	pizza	negative
this place is great !	place	positive
upstairs and within a few days my husband was bit by bed bugs .	bed bugs	negative
the staff is always welcoming and helpful and the atmosphere is very relaxed .	staff	positive
the staff is always welcoming and helpful and the atmosphere is very relaxed .	atmosphere	positive
but the food was good and what we were expecting .	food	positive
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .	spice	negative
the music in the background is nice and not too loud .	music	positive
i asked her what they had on draft and she replied i have _num_ .	draft	negative
best cakes anywhere !	cakes	positive
great happy hour specials offered in the bar and out on the patio .	bar	positive
great happy hour specials offered in the bar and out on the patio .	patio	positive
i have ordered pizza twice since my last post and have been disgusted .	pizza	negative
high prices do not equal good food .	prices	negative
high prices do not equal good food .	food	negative
i love her and the salon .	salon	positive
lots of interesting baseball memorabilia .	baseball memorabilia	positive
i 'm in love with this place and their tacos .	place	positive
i 'm in love with this place and their tacos .	tacos	positive
i will not go to this autozone again .	autozone	negative
i have to tell you , this is a great ice cream parlor .	ice cream parlor	positive
awesome service .	service	positive
i really wish our school would find another photographer .	photographer	positive
we also ordered dinner salads and tiramisu ... all which were great !	dinner salads	positive
we also ordered dinner salads and tiramisu ... all which were great !	tiramisu	positive
the service sucked .	service	negative
my burrito was delicious with eggs , bacon , and potatoes .	burrito	positive
my burrito was delicious with eggs , bacon , and potatoes .	eggs	positive
my burrito was delicious with eggs , bacon , and potatoes .	bacon	positive
my burrito was delicious with eggs , bacon , and potatoes .	potatoes	positive
the strips & beans and red chili burros are my favorite .	strips & beans	positive
the strips & beans and red chili burros are my favorite .	red chili burros	positive
after leaving pep boys i drove to discount tires on chandler blvd .	tires	negative
loved the _num_ degree plate it 's served on .	_num_ degree plate	positive
loved the _num_ degree plate it 's served on .	served	positive
this one is not on the ball .	ball	negative
it 's my favorite ice cream .	ice cream	positive
really friendly helpful guys .	guys	positive
the restaurants and golf course are excellent too .	restaurants	positive
the restaurants and golf course are excellent too .	golf course	positive
the platters are great too .	platters	positive
best ribs i ever had .	ribs	positive
staff is well trained and very professional .	staff	positive
free chips and salsa if you go inside !	chips	positive
free chips and salsa if you go inside !	salsa	positive
definately authentic mexican food .	mexican food	positive
our food was wonderful .	food	positive
this restaurant is a fantastic find !	restaurant	positive
if you have short hair , he is a master !	hair	positive
for my bacon , all i tasted was salt !	bacon	negative
for my bacon , all i tasted was salt !	salt	negative
the wings and sausage pizza were really good .	wings	positive
the wings and sausage pizza were really good .	sausage pizza	positive
awful customer service .	customer service	negative
the ambiance is great , with a very nice patio too .	ambiance	positive
the ambiance is great , with a very nice patio too .	patio	positive
i love jamba juice .	jamba juice	positive
this is a great restaurant !	restaurant	positive
very rude and no customer service etiquette .	customer service etiquette	negative
based on my experience , i do not recommend this salon !	salon	negative
the prices are good .	prices	positive
no tomato .	tomato	negative
waitresses do not know what is on the menu or what beers they have .	waitresses	negative
waitresses do not know what is on the menu or what beers they have .	menu	negative
waitresses do not know what is on the menu or what beers they have .	beers	negative
good food , great service .	food	positive
good food , great service .	service	positive
i made the appointment and gave them my insurance information .	insurance	positive
you ca n't mess up ice cream - so enough said .	ice cream	positive
great inviting atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
the mini chimis were average at best .	mini chimis	positive
after tonight 's service i will never be going back .	service	positive
this place does n't even deserve _num_ star , service is horrible .	service	negative
these guys have always been great.	guys	positive
stayed here for just two nights and the facility is in pretty good shape .	facility	positive
the staff is also very nice and helpful .	staff	positive
hands down best breakfast burritos around !	breakfast burritos	positive
no shampoo or soap when i got there either .	shampoo	negative
no shampoo or soap when i got there either .	soap	negative
i would say that the food here is nothing special .	food	negative
unique menu items and good portions .	menu items	positive
unique menu items and good portions .	portions	positive
love you this place .	place	positive
speaking of the shower , no hot water !	shower	negative
speaking of the shower , no hot water !	hot water	negative
this place is good .	place	positive
prices are reasonable and a good ambiance to boot .	prices	positive
prices are reasonable and a good ambiance to boot .	ambiance	positive
good service cool atmosphere and above average seafood for arizona .	service	positive
good service cool atmosphere and above average seafood for arizona .	atmosphere	positive
good service cool atmosphere and above average seafood for arizona .	seafood	positive
nice old school barber shop .	barber shop	positive
very friendly and family oriented .	family	positive
everything was delicious and the atmosphere so fun .	atmosphere	positive
bathrooms are filthy , which makes me nervous about food safety .	bathrooms	negative
bathrooms are filthy , which makes me nervous about food safety .	food safety	negative
first rate service !	service	positive
this is the best place to get your brows done .	place	positive
this is the best place to get your brows done .	brows	positive
no glass is allowed .	glass	negative
omelets are pretty good and pancakes are great .	omelets	positive
omelets are pretty good and pancakes are great .	pancakes	positive
the food is just amazing !	food	positive
the house and the surrounding area is exquisite .	house	positive
the house and the surrounding area is exquisite .	surrounding area	positive
tried this place after many neighbors recommended it .	place	positive
the fish itself was not seasoned at all and actually had a fishy taste .	fish	negative
the fish itself was not seasoned at all and actually had a fishy taste .	taste	negative
the tacos were not that big .	tacos	negative
the waitress took them back and brought me some sliced tomato .	waitress	negative
the waitress took them back and brought me some sliced tomato .	sliced tomato	negative
the general manager , bob , is in serious need of customer service training .	general manager	negative
the general manager , bob , is in serious need of customer service training .	customer service	negative
let 's be real guys - the room was $ _num_ a night .	room	positive
food does not make up for slow and poor service .	food	negative
food does not make up for slow and poor service .	service	negative
so i receive little from going there and supporting this horrible place .	place	negative
loved this place !	place	positive
i stayed here on a recent business trip and had a good experience .	business	positive
to pour salt on an open wound , this bland dinner cost a fortune .	dinner	negative
i do n't recommend anyone this place .	place	negative
store policy is not to send cash through the mail .	store policy	negative
store policy is not to send cash through the mail .	cash	negative
love the food at this joint , and the prices are very good !	food	positive
love the food at this joint , and the prices are very good !	prices	positive
she completely cleared up my skin and suggested some great products .	products	positive
this restaurant is as authentic as you can get in the us .	restaurant	positive
every guest had something positive to say .	guest	positive
no wonder the stadium was half full .	stadium	negative
gracious owners with a charming , nice atmosphere .	owners	positive
gracious owners with a charming , nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i say go and enjoy this place !	place	positive
fantastic , the food was great salsa was good and spicy .	food	positive
fantastic , the food was great salsa was good and spicy .	salsa	positive
i have loved king gyros since i was a kid !	king gyros	positive
they really have the best service in town .	service	positive
my daughter received great care .	daughter	positive
staff very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
friendly staff .	staff	positive
nice starbucks in far far north scottsdale .	starbucks	positive
love this place .	place	positive
i highly recommend this place .	place	positive
the free food has made me sick on more than _num_ occasion .	free food	negative
this place is for seafood lovers .	seafood	positive
amazing breakfast burritos !	breakfast burritos	positive
the food here is utterly horrible .	food	negative
it 's not all that strong and does n't have much flavor .	flavor	negative
this place just has a good comfy feel about it .	place	positive
it was also difficult to dip chips into salsa on a flat plate .	chips into salsa	negative
it was also difficult to dip chips into salsa on a flat plate .	plate	negative
the sound quality at this venue is truly awful .	sound quality	negative
the sound quality at this venue is truly awful .	venue	negative
every time i need something they have it , especially good advice .	advice	positive
last saturday i took my van in to get washed .	van	negative
i ordered an asiago bagel with egg and cheese .	asiago bagel with egg and cheese	positive
the food is always great .	food	positive
our waiter was too busy covering what looked like the entire restaurant .	waiter	negative
i bought a gently used couch here for thirty dollars .	couch	positive
i 've always received great customer service at this location .	customer service	positive
i 've always received great customer service at this location .	location	positive
the service has become pretty bad , and they charge cover now .	service	negative
service is always perfect .	service	positive
ca n't really complain !	ca	positive
stone cold chicken that tasted two weeks old .	chicken	positive
both heaven to our tastebuds .	tastebuds	positive
i will stick to ordering nachos for every one .	nachos	positive
because come to find _num_ days later , it is not the battery .	battery	negative
great pizza like you would find in tuscany !	pizza	positive
best chile rellenos ever !	chile rellenos	positive
love this place !	place	positive
really enjoyed the beautiful range .	range	positive
we always start with lettuce wraps which are outstanding .	lettuce wraps	positive
it was light with right balance of flavors .	flavors	positive
three tables surrounded us .	tables	negative
gave us waters without asking .	waters	positive
this place is incredible .	place	positive
awesome establishment with a great wait staff .	establishment	positive
awesome establishment with a great wait staff .	wait staff	positive
the soups are delicious and the flatbread is amazing !	soups	positive
the soups are delicious and the flatbread is amazing !	flatbread	positive
friendly service and always helps you out to the car .	service	positive
this place has fantastic food , cocktails and service !	food	positive
this place has fantastic food , cocktails and service !	cocktails	positive
this place has fantastic food , cocktails and service !	service	positive
great place .	place	positive
understand , this is not a huge dealership .	dealership	negative
love this place .	place	positive
great hotel with great location .	hotel	positive
great hotel with great location .	location	positive
service is friendly , food is fresh and to die for !	service	positive
service is friendly , food is fresh and to die for !	food	positive
best veggies ever with the ribs !	veggies	positive
best veggies ever with the ribs !	ribs	positive
this place is small but the drink selection and food were pretty good .	drink selection	positive
this place is small but the drink selection and food were pretty good .	food	positive
get a greek salad for a side and you have a wonderfully inexpensive dinner .	greek salad	positive
get a greek salad for a side and you have a wonderfully inexpensive dinner .	side	positive
get a greek salad for a side and you have a wonderfully inexpensive dinner .	dinner	positive
awesome people working here !	people	positive
he gave me the coupon !	coupon	positive
end the meal with some baklava and mm , perfect meal !	baklava	positive
end the meal with some baklava and mm , perfect meal !	meal	positive
ordered a simple pepperoni and the mediterranean salad .	pepperoni	positive
ordered a simple pepperoni and the mediterranean salad .	mediterranean salad	positive
great food - friendly staff - clean = what more can you ask for ?	food	positive
great food - friendly staff - clean = what more can you ask for ?	staff	positive
_num_ pay rates are fair .	pay rates	positive
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	place	positive
so many great choices on the menu .	menu	positive
this place sucks .	place	negative
excellent staff , services , everything !	staff	positive
excellent staff , services , everything !	services	positive
the condition of the building and parking lot is horrible .	parking lot	negative
highly recommend rush street pizza !	rush street pizza	positive
this place is super !	place	positive
the food i thought was too greasy and its definitely not an authentic place .	food	negative
the food i thought was too greasy and its definitely not an authentic place .	place	negative
service was a little slow but cordial .	service	negative
terrible customer service !	customer service	negative
warning : do not stay at this terrible hotel !	hotel	negative
this place is amazing !	place	positive
the ride is a bit long but it is very nice .	ride	negative
i enjoyed this place very much .	place	positive
he did n't mention that they bring out complementary bread .	bread	negative
quality is huge and fun atmosphere .	quality	positive
quality is huge and fun atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
their baked brie and prime rib sliders are amazing !	baked brie	positive
their baked brie and prime rib sliders are amazing !	prime rib sliders	positive
the server was not attentive .	server	negative
ok , so normal delivery form this place is maybe a 3-4 .	delivery form	positive
so many people were crammed into this relatively small space .	space	negative
i was disappointed with the scottsdale location .	scottsdale location	negative
best of all was the coffee and their fresh squeezed juices .	coffee	positive
best of all was the coffee and their fresh squeezed juices .	fresh squeezed juices	positive
the produce , meat , bakery and deli selections are always good .	produce	positive
the produce , meat , bakery and deli selections are always good .	meat	positive
the produce , meat , bakery and deli selections are always good .	bakery	positive
the produce , meat , bakery and deli selections are always good .	deli selections	positive
this place is a great find .	place	positive
the fritters are excellent and i like their bagels .	fritters	positive
the fritters are excellent and i like their bagels .	bagels	positive
all staff was extremely professional and the food was amazing .	staff	positive
all staff was extremely professional and the food was amazing .	food	positive
the restaurant is really nice and seems cozy .	restaurant	positive
terrible customer services .	customer services	negative
some of the best panang curry that i have had in the valley !	panang curry	positive
this place sucks .	place	negative
i also enjoyed the side salad and grilled vegetables .	side salad	positive
i also enjoyed the side salad and grilled vegetables .	grilled vegetables	positive
best thai in the valley !	thai	positive
i enjoy the quality of the produce .	quality	positive
i enjoy the quality of the produce .	produce	positive
the food is always fresh .	food	positive
she finished the paint job which was not done well .	paint job	negative
mike ( manager ) & tina are terrific .	manager	positive
i love love love sweet cakes !	sweet cakes	positive
service was slow , i think because there was only one person working .	service	negative
then my review has served its purpose .	review	positive
and speaking of food , it 's crappy half the time now .	food	negative
there are a few standout wraps and the wings are very tasty .	wraps	positive
there are a few standout wraps and the wings are very tasty .	wings	positive
bring sunscreen !	sunscreen	positive
if you buy six bagels they charge you $ _num_ .	bagels	negative
horrible dinner tonight .	dinner	negative
love this place !	place	positive
our sports facility will be incredible and science is huge .	sports facility	positive
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	salsa	positive
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	fish	positive
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	drinks	positive
customer service is a joke .	customer service	negative
this place is amazing !	place	positive
this sandwich was to not have lettuce or tomatoes on it .	sandwich	negative
this sandwich was to not have lettuce or tomatoes on it .	lettuce	negative
this sandwich was to not have lettuce or tomatoes on it .	tomatoes	negative
some ppl may call her rude but i think she is very real .	ppl	negative
this is n't bad if you want cheap and convenient and greasy mexican food .	mexican food	negative
great atmosphere , all women , all sports , decent hair cuts !	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere , all women , all sports , decent hair cuts !	hair cuts	positive
i have had better greasy spoons , much much better .	greasy spoons	positive
its really just personal preference .	personal	negative
but they only brought out half the food .	food	negative
the manicure was terrible .	manicure	negative
first time to arizona and i fell in love !	arizona	positive
excellent food !	food	positive
food is great even though i am from the home of carne asada !	food	positive
service was all over the place ranging from ultra attentive to absolutely clueless .	service	negative
i have never had such good hair cuts .	hair cuts	positive
i will definitely go back very good food .	food	positive
excellent pricing and service .	pricing	positive
excellent pricing and service .	service	positive
pork chop was dry , margarita was not made properly .	pork chop	negative
pork chop was dry , margarita was not made properly .	margarita	negative
we had introduced many friends to their eatery and all love it .	eatery	positive
definitely recommend them for a great carwash !	carwash	positive
once again the staff were wonderful .	staff	positive
she is very thorough in her exam and treatment options .	exam	positive
she is very thorough in her exam and treatment options .	treatment options	positive
elmer 's is some of the best i have ever had .	elmer	positive
some clerks are helpful , a couple of them are not so much .	clerks	negative
i love bargain hunting here .	bargain hunting	positive
love this place .	place	positive
this is a fantastic hotel for a couples getaway .	hotel	positive
perfect size for lunch , did n't leave the place painfully stuffed .	lunch	positive
also , chairs are dirty .	chairs	negative
rio has been one of the worst learning experiences i have ever had .	rio	negative
rio has been one of the worst learning experiences i have ever had .	learning	negative
none of the staff seemed up and happy .	staff	negative
service was slow .	service	negative
rooms are awesome !	rooms	positive
we had the buffalo chicken pizza , delicious !	buffalo chicken pizza	positive
excellent veterinary care !	veterinary care	positive
the location is quite convenient .	location	positive
the food comes out hot and tastes great every time !	food	positive
best salsa !	salsa	positive
the facilities are first rate with two excellent pools .	facilities	positive
the facilities are first rate with two excellent pools .	pools	positive
one blonde waitress in particular is extremely rude .	waitress	negative
i will not be returning to this location .	location	negative
this place is spectacular .	place	positive
thanks defalco for a great dinner .	dinner	positive
seriously , the only thing they got right was the lettuce .	lettuce	positive
delicious and fresh breakfast options , and reasonable prices .	breakfast options	positive
delicious and fresh breakfast options , and reasonable prices .	prices	positive
in any case , i would not recommend this place .	place	negative
i always seem to find a new organic treat when i shop there .	treat	positive
the food here was not good .	food	negative
get a credit card machine , its almost _num_ .	credit card machine	positive
this is the best victoria 's secret i have ever visited .	victoria	positive
mushrooms and stetson salad are a must any time visiting az !	mushrooms	positive
mushrooms and stetson salad are a must any time visiting az !	stetson salad	positive
love this place !	place	positive
received great service from mark , who went above and beyond .	service	positive
they sell more than the basics of beer , and the food is great .	food	positive
the rice was just plain white rice .	rice	negative
the rice was just plain white rice .	rice	negative
decent price on drinks .	price	positive
the most genuine owner who truly has passion for what he does !	owner	positive
the kettle chips were the only decent thing on the plate .	kettle chips	positive
the kettle chips were the only decent thing on the plate .	plate	positive
lube shop is great for a quick oil change !	lube shop	positive
lube shop is great for a quick oil change !	oil change	positive
the family that owns this place are the sweetest .	family	positive
the family that owns this place are the sweetest .	place	positive
i also enjoy the chickens running around .	chickens	positive
a simple `` i 'm sorry , what box are you ?	box	negative
soup , salad , entree and even the deserts are prepared to perfection .	soup	positive
soup , salad , entree and even the deserts are prepared to perfection .	salad	positive
soup , salad , entree and even the deserts are prepared to perfection .	entree	positive
soup , salad , entree and even the deserts are prepared to perfection .	deserts	positive
came back for a check up and hector remembered me .	check	positive
it was a bowl of soup , definitely not chowder .	bowl of soup	negative
it was a bowl of soup , definitely not chowder .	chowder	negative
are we in los angeles at these prices ?	prices	negative
this place is amazing .	place	positive
i was furious with the lack of customer service .	customer service	negative
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
both have a great ambiance .	ambiance	positive
she said the description is for a different one that is n't the picture .	description	negative
she said the description is for a different one that is n't the picture .	picture	negative
the interiors are newly remodeled and look great !	interiors	positive
great pizza !	pizza	positive
i went yesterday to try on dresses and they had such an amazing selection !	dresses	positive
this restaurant is so quaint and beautiful .	restaurant	positive
booked appointment online waste of time .	appointment	negative
$ _num_ for a decent portion + choice of soup or salad .	portion	positive
$ _num_ for a decent portion + choice of soup or salad .	salad	positive
this guy runs a good shop , does great work , and is honest .	shop	positive
i loved apache junction but would steer anyone away from this if i could .	apache junction	positive
$ _num_ bill .	bill	positive
the chimichanga roll was really good .	chimichanga roll	positive
they have a nyc attitude in a small quaint area .	area	positive
every employee here is always sooo nice .	employee	positive
service was very good and food was very tasty .	service	positive
service was very good and food was very tasty .	food	positive
they do a great job and a long massage .	massage	positive
gag .	gag	negative
sat outside under the misters , very pleasant .	misters	positive
the food is not bad , but it 's so boring .	food	positive
well run school .	school	positive
dinner is more $ but the homemade quality is well worth it !	dinner	positive
dinner is more $ but the homemade quality is well worth it !	homemade quality	positive
great pizza !	pizza	positive
this was a charming hotel .	hotel	positive
highly recommend their catering services for parties .	catering services	positive
prices are great .	prices	positive
great place to have a casual italian meal in old town scottsdale .	casual italian meal	positive
i wanted this place for my wedding more than anything .	place	positive
i wanted this place for my wedding more than anything .	wedding	positive
awesome honest people .	people	positive
amazing food .	food	positive
worst chili 's ever .	chili 's	negative
barbara is a wonderful server and extremely friendly .	server	positive
cheap drinks , good eats and a nice relaxed atmosphere .	drinks	positive
cheap drinks , good eats and a nice relaxed atmosphere .	eats	positive
cheap drinks , good eats and a nice relaxed atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
was the food just sitting out before they brought it over ?	food	negative
the gals here are always smiling and upbeat !	gals	positive
fast service !	service	positive
my new favorite tattoo place !	tattoo place	positive
very happy with zipps .	zipps	positive
crowded for lunch , and that was good to see .	lunch	positive
the room i visited was very comfortable and clean .	room	positive
we stayed to finish our drinks and enjoyed the music .	drinks	positive
we stayed to finish our drinks and enjoyed the music .	music	positive
service is good .	service	positive
great smokey tasting omelette 's and friendly staff .	omelette	positive
great smokey tasting omelette 's and friendly staff .	staff	positive
the happy hour is a great bargain .	hour	positive
great , friendly atmosphere and an awesome location !	atmosphere	positive
great , friendly atmosphere and an awesome location !	location	positive
the hostess was unpleasant and lighting , too bright .	hostess	negative
the hostess was unpleasant and lighting , too bright .	lighting	negative
the ladies are so nice and extremely helpful .	ladies	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
why do n't you know the menu ?	menu	negative
margaritas were good , as well as all of our other food !	margaritas	positive
margaritas were good , as well as all of our other food !	food	positive
i had the beef chimichangas and they were great !	beef chimichangas	positive
service was a little slow .	service	negative
check it out ... they made this place very very festive for the holidays .	holidays	positive
i was finished with my appointment by 6:00 .	appointment	positive
thanks , sprouts !	sprouts	positive
i got the berry and candied walnut salad .	berry and candied walnut salad	positive
family owned and operated restaurant with mom and pop charm .	mom	positive
worst fedex location .	fedex location	negative
they have great ice cream , shakes , floats and sundaes .	ice cream	positive
they have great ice cream , shakes , floats and sundaes .	shakes	positive
they have great ice cream , shakes , floats and sundaes .	floats	positive
they have great ice cream , shakes , floats and sundaes .	sundaes	positive
a good way to enjoy an inexpensive night out .	night	positive
great customer service and flawless execution !	customer service	positive
great customer service and flawless execution !	execution	positive
i love their star design collection .	star design collection	positive
that was n't enough to stop me from getting this pizza again .	pizza	negative
the bartender did n't say hi .	bartender	negative
i know it 's late but spaghetti and meatballs ?	spaghetti	negative
i know it 's late but spaghetti and meatballs ?	meatballs	negative
i love this store .	store	positive
good quality pizza too ... no where near fast food .	quality pizza	positive
avoid this location at all costs .	location	negative
sat at the bar , great selection of micro brews .	bar	positive
sat at the bar , great selection of micro brews .	selection of micro brews	positive
my mom got me a gift certificate ; i love the marinated chicken breasts .	marinated chicken breasts	positive
there is a wide variety of ice creams and toppings .	ice creams	positive
there is a wide variety of ice creams and toppings .	toppings	positive
waitress took over twenty minutes to wait on us .	waitress	negative
another _num_ minutes brought us our dinners .	dinners	positive
i ordered sausage and it was shredded and salty .	sausage	negative
the bone in ribeye was especially flavorful and bold with the open flame char .	bone in ribeye	positive
the bone in ribeye was especially flavorful and bold with the open flame char .	open flame char	positive
i ended up dipping my veggies in my husbands garlic sauce .	veggies	positive
i ended up dipping my veggies in my husbands garlic sauce .	garlic sauce	positive
the chicken was barely cooked and not seasoned or marinated at all .	chicken	negative
everyone is so very helpful at this location and always have a great variety !	location	positive
arizona has let me down when it comes to american food .	american food	positive
the craft brew bombers are definitely the way to go for value and quality !	craft brew bombers	positive
the craft brew bombers are definitely the way to go for value and quality !	value	positive
the craft brew bombers are definitely the way to go for value and quality !	quality	positive
i really love this place .	place	positive
this seafood place is the best the east valley can offer .	seafood place	positive
i would 've gotten a drink but after hearing that , why bother .	drink	negative
i would certainly recommend pinnacle peak dentistry to anyone !	pinnacle peak dentistry	positive
the store made me feel dirty and cheap .	store	negative
awful service and unfriendly staff .	service	negative
awful service and unfriendly staff .	staff	negative
was told they did n't have potato wedges .	potato wedges	negative
both of us found the food enjoyable and the service was quite good .	food	positive
both of us found the food enjoyable and the service was quite good .	service	positive
and the wild boar meatballs with the delicious cream sauce .	wild boar meatballs	positive
and the wild boar meatballs with the delicious cream sauce .	cream sauce	positive
bought a _num_ kia soul , horrible gas mileage i must say .	gas mileage	negative
good service .	service	positive
this is a tourist trap full of less than mediocre food .	food	negative
the staff seemed welcoming and professional .	staff	positive
also , an accordion player on saturday !	accordion player	positive
the food is amazing .	food	positive
they covered the whole slice with mushrooms !	slice	negative
they covered the whole slice with mushrooms !	mushrooms	negative
excellent quality furniture .	quality furniture	positive
los olivos is a long time scottsdale restaurant .	los olivos	positive
gabby 's is an interesting place and it has its pros and cons .	place	positive
if you are a committed fitness freak - avoid this place .	fitness	negative
we came here for dinner friday night during happy hour .	dinner	positive
miso soup was not what we remembered but sushi and pad thai were good .	miso soup	negative
miso soup was not what we remembered but sushi and pad thai were good .	sushi	positive
miso soup was not what we remembered but sushi and pad thai were good .	pad thai	positive
it 's also lacking in terms of equipment and towels .	equipment	negative
it 's also lacking in terms of equipment and towels .	towels	negative
great shop !	shop	positive
and obviously you ca n't put a price on a lost baby .	price	negative
they loved the food and very thoughtful service .	food	positive
they loved the food and very thoughtful service .	service	positive
really good food every time .	food	positive
it 's the perfect neighborhood bar .	neighborhood bar	positive
and having a blast learning how to play guitar .	guitar	positive
next to the french dip , these were the worst .	french dip	negative
service was excellent .	service	positive
this is definitely one of favorite places to eat in the valley so far .	places	positive
a little bit on the pricey side but i love this place !	place	positive
these are the best adjustments i have ever had .	adjustments	positive
thanks nicole !	nicole	positive
zero stars if possible .	stars	negative
good value and delicious .	value	positive
nice group and local business .	group	positive
the ladies in the shop were very nice as always .	ladies	positive
the ladies in the shop were very nice as always .	shop	positive
i can take my own trash out .	trash	positive
food is excellent and very traditional .	food	positive
what a basic and lame name .	name	negative
no compassion , no respect , no vet knowledge .	compassion	negative
no compassion , no respect , no vet knowledge .	respect	negative
this is more like a standard motel _num_ that costs 3x the amount .	motel	negative
this is more like a standard motel _num_ that costs 3x the amount .	amount	negative
good pizza and reasonably priced .	pizza	positive
good pizza and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
the staff was courteous , friendly , and prompt .	staff	positive
the food is okay , nothing special at all , but not disgusting .	food	positive
the adult food , however was delicious and fairly priced .	adult food	positive
the adult food , however was delicious and fairly priced .	priced	positive
huge portions and great sides .	portions	positive
huge portions and great sides .	sides	positive
great little place !	place	positive
awesome bloody mary bar , yummy food and great service !	bar	positive
awesome bloody mary bar , yummy food and great service !	food	positive
awesome bloody mary bar , yummy food and great service !	service	positive
breakfast plates are all soo good !	breakfast plates	positive
but , the real gem was the atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
my personal fav is the beef brisket sandwich with spicy bbq sauce .	beef brisket sandwich with spicy bbq sauce	positive
the tacos , enchiladas and beans are also top notch here .	tacos	positive
the tacos , enchiladas and beans are also top notch here .	enchiladas	positive
the tacos , enchiladas and beans are also top notch here .	beans	positive
treated us like we had never had any landscaping done before .	landscaping	negative
great breakfast this morning !	breakfast	positive
overall , disappointing gym .	gym	negative
also , food sucked .	food	negative
i would highly recommend them to anyone in the area looking for a dentist .	area	positive
i would highly recommend them to anyone in the area looking for a dentist .	dentist	positive
the venue itself is horribly run .	venue	negative
he is their best salesman .	salesman	positive
our salads arrived promptly at _num_ ( _num_ hour after being seated ) .	salads	positive
this is a classic ice cream parlor with counter and table service .	ice cream parlor	positive
this is a classic ice cream parlor with counter and table service .	counter	positive
this is a classic ice cream parlor with counter and table service .	table service	positive
if you are a foodie , this is the place !	place	positive
the santa fe roll was weird .	santa fe roll	negative
bring back the piano !	piano	positive
nice lay out .	lay	positive
this place is not the cleanest restaurant in town .	place	negative
we went to mi comida last night and it was so delicious .	comida	positive
i have to say , they have the best steak in scottsdale .	steak	positive
scam ) , they said they had no menu , what ?	menu	negative
there service sucks .	service	negative
do not rent a meeting room from this hotel !	meeting room	negative
fantastic food , great place , great location .	food	positive
fantastic food , great place , great location .	place	positive
fantastic food , great place , great location .	location	positive
this is one of my favorite places to visit .	places	positive
the place might have gotten better , might still be the same .	place	negative
nice selection of cigars .	selection of cigars	positive
the other one would be italian grotto .	italian grotto	positive
i also love the restaurant there - elements .	restaurant	positive
food was also good .	food	positive
we also purchased a _num_ year in home service contract .	home service contract	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
the stuffed burger lacked seasoning and taste !	stuffed burger	negative
the stuffed burger lacked seasoning and taste !	seasoning	negative
this place is not authentic plus it 's dirty looking all around .	place	negative
the way they submitted the loan was false which caused the decline on purpose .	loan	negative
food was alright ... but not up to par with the price .	food	positive
food was alright ... but not up to par with the price .	price	negative
a number of the animals have a permanent home at the center .	animals	positive
oh well ... arizona has plenty of other courses .	courses	positive
easy to make friends , staff , every one was really nice to me .	staff	positive
i 'm too young to shut this place down !	place	negative
why would you open a veterinary clinic without a vet present !	veterinary	negative
why would you open a veterinary clinic without a vet present !	vet	negative
the minestrone soup tastes like leather .	minestrone soup	positive
excellent service as usual .	service	positive
food is served hot and tastes great .	food	positive
food is served hot and tastes great .	served	positive
yum yum yum !	yum	positive
best crab in az !	crab in az	positive
great food , great service , good happy hour !	food	positive
great food , great service , good happy hour !	service	positive
definitely my favorite in the valley .	valley	positive
served with choice of peas or slaw , and tartar and ketchup .	served	positive
served with choice of peas or slaw , and tartar and ketchup .	tartar and ketchup	positive
great food and memories here .	food	positive
avoid this awful nail salon !	nail salon	negative
family run business explains the quality and consistency .	quality	positive
overall its a great place to go on a weekend .	place	positive
lovely patio with a great breeze .	patio	positive
the soda 's were flat and tasteless .	soda	negative
dr. patel is the best eye doctor .	eye	positive
sugar bowl makes for a great hot afternoon treat .	sugar bowl	positive
sugar bowl makes for a great hot afternoon treat .	afternoon treat	positive
best experience in buying a car !	car	positive
was here for new years eve and the music and atmosphere was good .	music	positive
was here for new years eve and the music and atmosphere was good .	atmosphere	positive
incredible portions and the food was delicious .	portions	positive
incredible portions and the food was delicious .	food	positive
a nice place for traditional mexican in old town .	place	positive
a nice place for traditional mexican in old town .	traditional mexican	positive
carl is great .	carl	positive
i am not a huge steak person but i did enjoy this place .	steak	negative
i am not a huge steak person but i did enjoy this place .	place	positive
the margaritas are great .	margaritas	positive
soft and well cooked .	cooked	positive
the meat was old and extremely dried out .	meat	negative
the reason for this review though is there amazing customer service .	customer service	positive
i will not be going back to los olivos .	los olivos	negative
i 'm glad i found this place !	place	positive
best laundry service ever !	laundry service	positive
the salsa was more like spicy tomato paste .	salsa	negative
the salsa was more like spicy tomato paste .	spicy tomato paste	negative
you lost a client today scottsdale vet clinic .	scottsdale vet clinic	negative
worse blizzard i have ever eaten and ripped off by the price !	price	negative
servers are great .	servers	positive
the staff is always friendly and welcoming from the front desk to the techs .	staff	positive
the staff is always friendly and welcoming from the front desk to the techs .	front desk	positive
marco is a very nice man has been every time i 've been there .	man	positive
this is a great spot and i 'm glad i gave it a try .	spot	positive
major kudos on that recipe !	kudos	positive
the atmosphere is much more elegant inside than it seemed from the outside .	atmosphere	positive
wonderful staff !	staff	positive
jorge made my sandwich perfectly like i wanted and was super friendly .	sandwich	positive
i worked with carol , who is pretty much the sweetest woman alive .	woman	positive
awesome customer service !	customer service	positive
found this place about _num_ years ago .	place	positive
awesome fresh bread and all the italian classics .	fresh bread	positive
awesome fresh bread and all the italian classics .	italian classics	positive
best prime rib going !	prime rib	positive
it appears there is no bus staff or management as well !	bus staff	negative
it appears there is no bus staff or management as well !	management	negative
i was pleased with his service .	service	positive
the food here is absolutely delicious !	food	positive
the service is great .	service	positive
thank god for trader joes !	trader joes	positive
customer service is n't really that important to us .	customer service	negative
we ordered chips and salsa for $ _num_ .	chips	positive
we ordered chips and salsa for $ _num_ .	salsa	positive
thanks guys .	guys	positive
honest , reliable , excellent work , affordable !	work	positive
drinks were nasty !	drinks	negative
they also have a wide selection of products to buy .	products	positive
the water at this venue is terrible .	water	negative
the water at this venue is terrible .	venue	negative
great food , really great food !	food	positive
great food , really great food !	food	positive
good sand .	sand	positive
talk about great service !	service	positive
the rice looked like potatoes it was so overlooked .	rice	negative
the rice looked like potatoes it was so overlooked .	potatoes	negative
food was good , hot and tons of it !	food	positive
best service in scottsdale .	service	positive
this is by far the best greek food in az .	greek food	positive
the horchata here has the perfect balance of sweetness and spices .	spices	positive
the bun was mashed down and you could see finger prints .	bun	negative
the environment was nice , the service was great !	environment	positive
the environment was nice , the service was great !	service	positive
hummus was tasteless .	hummus	negative
the equipment has greatly improved since i started here .	equipment	negative
this was our first time to this place and it was great !	place	positive
i have also had the tacos , they were spicy but pretty tasty .	tacos	positive
definitely found my new stylist and would recommend her all day esp .	esp	positive
avoid this place at all costs !	place	negative
we come from new mexico and our mexican food is different .	mexican food	positive
sales going on !	sales	positive
love the cut .	cut	positive
they did n't have any quality items for sale .	quality items	negative
the facility is very clean and spacious .	facility	positive
the rest of the entres at the table were delicious .	entres	positive
happy hour menu has all the favorites !	menu	positive
we went to mcdonald 's after instead of wasting more money on the food .	food	negative
the workers at the concession stands are very nice !	workers	positive
the workers at the concession stands are very nice !	concession stands	positive
all freshly prepared and wonderful tasting .	tasting	positive
the billing department has also been great with working with us .	billing department	positive
here 's to hoping that another great band will soon perform here !	band	positive
classy music .	music	positive
give it a shot , especially the curries .	curries	positive
creative nail design is the products used and everyone is talented !	nail design	positive
creative nail design is the products used and everyone is talented !	products	positive
thank you and you have a long term customer !	customer	positive
the monthly rent is about _num_ % above market rate .	rent	positive
nice selection of equipment .	selection of equipment	positive
both cooked perfectly .	cooked	positive
the mega meat is fantastic .	mega meat	positive
the sushi was worse than the stuff you buy from the grocery store .	sushi	negative
friendly staff and great food !	staff	positive
friendly staff and great food !	food	positive
we were not disappointed at all - go support this wonderful bakery !	bakery	positive
because they only have pepsi .	pepsi	negative
gross food .	food	negative
super friendly and helpful staff !	staff	positive
it was a whole lot better than the ridiculous attempt at a cosmo though .	cosmo	negative
the office staff is always friendly and professional .	office staff	positive
staff so friendly and professional and it 's never feels like dentist office !	staff	positive
their food is out of this world ; same goes for their wonderful coffee .	food	positive
their food is out of this world ; same goes for their wonderful coffee .	coffee	positive
not worth the money for two simple reasons .	money	negative
the strawberry pancakes were good and overall the portions were very big .	strawberry pancakes	positive
the strawberry pancakes were good and overall the portions were very big .	portions	positive
bar food at its best .	bar food	positive
great vibe , great service and great food - what 's not to like ?	vibe	positive
great vibe , great service and great food - what 's not to like ?	service	positive
great vibe , great service and great food - what 's not to like ?	food	positive
i can only assume it is due to the undercooked eggs i was served .	eggs	negative
i can only assume it is due to the undercooked eggs i was served .	served	negative
one bite would be medium , the next would be very spicy .	bite	positive
one bite would be medium , the next would be very spicy .	spicy	positive
the doctors were fabulous and so kind .	doctors	positive
love the food !	food	positive
but really , the wait staff sucks .	wait staff	negative
course is in terrible conditions .	course	negative
the wait is never long and the crowd is great for people watching .	wait	positive
the wait is never long and the crowd is great for people watching .	crowd	positive
you can sit outside and the service was friendly and attentive .	service	positive
another great pizza from this place .	pizza	positive
horrible service , felt dirty everywhere and the food was greasy and bland .	service	negative
horrible service , felt dirty everywhere and the food was greasy and bland .	food	negative
my filet here was so tender it nearly melted in my mouth .	filet here	positive
we have opted to spend our hard earned money elsewhere .	money	negative
family friendly during the day for a quick bite .	family	positive
there was no way i was returning to this chop shop today .	chop shop	negative
food is outstanding .	food	positive
but the crowd was really friendly !	crowd	positive
the best sushi place i had in the valley had to be near ahwatukee .	sushi place	positive
the best sushi place i had in the valley had to be near ahwatukee .	ahwatukee	positive
service was spotty as well .	service	negative
but i would rather eat at ihop than this place .	place	negative
yummy asian fusion selection , great service , big portions , and great prices !	asian fusion selection	positive
yummy asian fusion selection , great service , big portions , and great prices !	service	positive
yummy asian fusion selection , great service , big portions , and great prices !	portions	positive
yummy asian fusion selection , great service , big portions , and great prices !	prices	positive
our fault for not looking at the menu .	menu	negative
sometimes the service can be slow but everyone is very friendly and accommodating .	service	negative
the latest yelp reviews complained about poor service n rude wait staff .	service	negative
the latest yelp reviews complained about poor service n rude wait staff .	wait staff	negative
used this store on warner to ship _num_ states over via ups .	store	positive
best new mexican food in the valley .	new mexican food	positive
please do not give your money to this establishment .	establishment	negative
for the insanely huge size and great quality , the price was right .	quality	positive
for the insanely huge size and great quality , the price was right .	price	positive
found a great pair of heels here .	heels	positive
with such a big selection i 'm sure they have it !	selection	positive
just stopped by for dinner and am extremely annoyed .	dinner	negative
i love the amenities they offer as well as the spacious floor plans !	amenities	positive
i love the amenities they offer as well as the spacious floor plans !	floor plans	positive
the service is wonderful .	service	positive
we gave patio star a set of the old cushions for sample and guide .	patio	positive
we gave patio star a set of the old cushions for sample and guide .	cushions	positive
we gave patio star a set of the old cushions for sample and guide .	sample	positive
good chips and salsa !	chips	positive
good chips and salsa !	salsa	positive
always a good place .	place	positive
it 's a place you must visit while you are in scottsdale az .	place	positive
the town itself is really sad .	town	negative
worst chinese food ever .	chinese food	negative
the pastas and salads are as good as any .	pastas	positive
the pastas and salads are as good as any .	salads	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
josh and jackie , bartenders , are spot on !	bartenders	positive
this place knows how to represent the brand .	brand	positive
great guys , doing great work , at great prices .	prices	positive
fettuccine alfredo is really good .	fettuccine alfredo	positive
well , the salad was wrong on top of that .	salad	negative
cool and inviting atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
super staff and the doctor was fantastic .	staff	positive
super staff and the doctor was fantastic .	doctor	positive
overpriced and lacking in communication skills .	communication	negative
asked for bacon crispy and eggs over medium .	bacon crispy and eggs over	positive
this place was over priced americanized thai food .	thai food	negative
i wrote down my address , phone number , date of birth .	phone number	positive
and , i suspect , illegal hiring practices .	hiring practices	negative
we kept adding money to our cards .	money	positive
we kept adding money to our cards .	cards	positive
this place will always be my go to .	place	positive
prices are ridiculous - $ _num_ per glass of unknown cabernet .	prices	negative
prices are ridiculous - $ _num_ per glass of unknown cabernet .	glass of	negative
prices are ridiculous - $ _num_ per glass of unknown cabernet .	cabernet	negative
i would definitely recommend china wok and i would definitely go back !	china wok	positive
yeah i did n't really like this bar .	bar	negative
i absolutely love bandera !	bandera	positive
she did n't deserve that good of a tip .	tip	negative
we had dessert & coffee here on valentine 's day .	dessert & coffee	positive
they offered a free dental exam , which i accepted .	dental exam	positive
i agree with everyone who says that the onions are way too salty .	onions	negative
the restaurant itself is clean and the waitstaff is always polite .	waitstaff	positive
he said i bought this on sale so there 's no returns .	sale	negative
a great go to for a quick meal .	meal	positive
strawberry banana smoothie was absolutely delicious as well !	strawberry banana smoothie	positive
so now were up to almost $ _num_ for a small spaghetti .	spaghetti	negative
would recommend this facility to anyone !	facility	positive
the dessert on the other hand was a nightmare .	dessert	negative
but malee 's is excellent , excellent food .	food	positive
thank you for the lift !	lift	positive
so far , this is the best pizza ive had in scottsdale .	pizza	positive
the wine list was extraordinary - largest i 've seen .	wine list	positive
my fianc and i love this place !	fianc	positive
my fianc and i love this place !	place	positive
great breakfast !	breakfast	positive
best spa ever , i ca n't wait to go back again !	spa	positive
the food has always been quite enjoyable and service is always on point .	food	positive
the food has always been quite enjoyable and service is always on point .	service	positive
i 'm starving but not enough to even finish this sandwich .	sandwich	negative
there was no attempt at service delivery , making it right , etc .	service delivery	negative
i 'm a huge fan of both locations and it 's great for groups .	locations	positive
excellent friendly service , the food is phenomenal .	service	positive
excellent friendly service , the food is phenomenal .	food	positive
love this place !	place	positive
nothing to it , not prepared correctly and the chicken was stringy and dry .	chicken	negative
it 's an old place with plenty of nostalgia .	place	positive
staff was ok , but the music rocks !	staff	negative
staff was ok , but the music rocks !	music	positive
i repeat , do not buy a car from here !	car	negative
the prices are fair and they are great about running on time .	prices	positive
i love kyoto !	kyoto	positive
just stick to beer .	beer	positive
rude staff , very dark and dim lighting and never a place to sit .	staff	negative
rude staff , very dark and dim lighting and never a place to sit .	place	negative
all well made , so glad to eat good home cooked mexican .	mexican	positive
other than that , food was great !	food	positive
definitely one of the best sushi joints in town .	sushi joints	positive
they also have great fudge .	fudge	positive
it was a fourth grade class field trip .	field	positive
i have had the breakfast jack sandwich which is always hot and fresh .	breakfast jack sandwich	positive
and meticulous with the nails .	nails	positive
loved the veggie hash and the monkey pancakes .	veggie hash	positive
loved the veggie hash and the monkey pancakes .	monkey pancakes	positive
we had dinner here tonight for my husbands birthday .	dinner	positive
the outside looks great , but the interior was awful .	outside	positive
the outside looks great , but the interior was awful .	interior	negative
this location is the best !	location	positive
some more volume , some more texture .	volume	positive
some more volume , some more texture .	texture	positive
the nail techs are very kind and courteous , and they take their time .	nail techs	positive
my filet was undercooked and a bit bland .	filet	negative
reservations are highly recommended .	reservations	positive
pork belly its decent as well .	pork belly	positive
i think the food is spot on for a german restaurant .	food	positive
we arrived at _num_ pm and only _num_ of the rooms were available .	rooms	negative
this is a place we will highly recommend and also visit again .	place	positive
great place for burgers .	burgers	positive
it is packed , so reservation is recommend .	reservation	positive
we wasted nearly _num_ hours of our lives on this meal .	meal	negative
the inside is extremely nice compared to the other apartments in this price range .	price range	negative
the food always rocks ... nothing i 've tried on the menu has disappointed .	food	positive
the food always rocks ... nothing i 've tried on the menu has disappointed .	menu	positive
i was very disappointed with the service at this restaurant location .	service	negative
i was very disappointed with the service at this restaurant location .	location	negative
worked with the manager , dave who actually took care of our dinner .	manager	positive
worked with the manager , dave who actually took care of our dinner .	dinner	positive
bad form .	form	negative
great place to grab a cup of coffee and hang out .	cup of coffee	positive
they made it correctly and the price was as quoted on-line .	price	negative
honestly the worst carrot cake i 've ever had !	carrot cake	negative
this is my favorite restaurant of all .	restaurant	positive
rude staff and horrible food .	staff	negative
rude staff and horrible food .	food	negative
live music , great ambiance , good food and a well stocked bar .	live music	positive
live music , great ambiance , good food and a well stocked bar .	ambiance	positive
live music , great ambiance , good food and a well stocked bar .	food	positive
live music , great ambiance , good food and a well stocked bar .	bar	positive
the guy was annoyed that i even would ask .	guy	negative
i could n't wait to check out of this hotel .	hotel	positive
plus the prices are reasonable for the amount of food you get !	prices	positive
plus the prices are reasonable for the amount of food you get !	food	positive
the crab cakes and skewers are also excellent .	crab cakes	positive
the crab cakes and skewers are also excellent .	skewers	positive
great pizza , sushi , and salad bar .	pizza	positive
great pizza , sushi , and salad bar .	sushi	positive
great pizza , sushi , and salad bar .	salad bar	positive
incredible pizza !	pizza	positive
the food is mediocre and you should not order any drinks from here .	food	negative
the food is mediocre and you should not order any drinks from here .	drinks	negative
so the bf and i sit there .	bf	positive
great location and excellent services !	location	positive
great location and excellent services !	services	positive
the food was so good and i really appreciate the customer service !	food	positive
the food was so good and i really appreciate the customer service !	customer service	positive
literally the worst place i can think of to live .	place	negative
people , music , dancing and fun .	people	positive
people , music , dancing and fun .	music	positive
people , music , dancing and fun .	dancing	positive
super friendly staff .	staff	positive
and bonus !	bonus	positive
this place has the best dish of all time ... blue corn enchiladas .	dish	positive
this place has the best dish of all time ... blue corn enchiladas .	blue corn enchiladas	positive
great food and service .	food	positive
great food and service .	service	positive
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	prices	positive
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	associates	positive
wonderful breakfast again .	breakfast	positive
avoid at all cost !	cost	negative
i do n't like this place at all .	place	negative
elmer 's is great !	elmer	positive
there is always live music to enjoy .	live music	positive
the bread basket , especially the corn bread is delicious .	bread basket	positive
the bread basket , especially the corn bread is delicious .	corn bread	positive
first , all trader joes are amazing with their prices .	trader joes	positive
first , all trader joes are amazing with their prices .	prices	positive
great office .	office	positive
thanks for the many years of excellent care !	care	positive
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	service	negative
being an upscale place be prepared to take a hit in the wallet .	place	positive
a great bike shop !	bike shop	positive
this place is delicious .	place	positive
great attitude and great service .	service	positive
i would definitely recommend them for all your upholstery work .	upholstery work	positive
your eggs are too expensive and are not worth _num_ a piece , ridiculous .	eggs	negative
took my car in to diagnose leak in my a/c system .	car	negative
too bad the taste was n't .	taste	negative
great options great service .	service	positive
good homemade desserts .	homemade desserts	positive
see my photos for proof , this ai n't no bs !	photos	positive
it 's off that the prices are n't posted on the menu .	prices	negative
it 's off that the prices are n't posted on the menu .	menu	negative
rob was an absolute tool when trying to cancel reservation within an hour .	reservation	negative
if you 're in need of storage , i highly recommend this facility .	storage	positive
if you 're in need of storage , i highly recommend this facility .	facility	positive
so obviously , this place is doing something right .	place	positive
heard rave reviews about this place unfortunately the restaurant was not quality food !	food	negative
absolutely incredible meal , and very friendly service .	meal	positive
absolutely incredible meal , and very friendly service .	service	positive
the staff were all just standing around .	staff	negative
the spinach salad my wife had was simple and had pickled artichokes in it .	spinach salad	positive
the spinach salad my wife had was simple and had pickled artichokes in it .	pickled artichokes	positive
here my dog had been suffering for weeks for absolutely no reason .	dog	negative
bagel nosh ai n't it .	bagel nosh	positive
the employees made me feel so welcome , it was the best .	employees	positive
the decor is blah .	decor	negative
the food is seriously good , maybe the best chinese food in phoenix .	food	positive
the food is seriously good , maybe the best chinese food in phoenix .	chinese food	positive
it 's loud , obnoxious crowd , and way too expensive !	crowd	negative
after we ordered our food , the wait guy never came back .	food	negative
after we ordered our food , the wait guy never came back .	wait guy	negative
i went up to the counter and spoke to the owner .	counter	negative
i went up to the counter and spoke to the owner .	owner	negative
stayed there for a few days and service was all right .	service	positive
this is the best vet i have ever had .	vet	positive
ca n't trust them avoid this place .	place	negative
the waitress was beyond rude and unhelpful .	waitress	negative
finally good mexican food that 's actually spicy and flavorful !	mexican food	positive
this is a fantastic property .	property	positive
overall a great spot to golf with some fantastic views and friendly staff .	spot	positive
overall a great spot to golf with some fantastic views and friendly staff .	views	positive
overall a great spot to golf with some fantastic views and friendly staff .	staff	positive
ashley was great !	ashley	positive
the food was fantastic !	food	positive
total waste of $ $ .	waste	negative
good flavorful pizza .	pizza	positive
this is a good shop - recommended for anyone looking for a cut .	shop	positive
this is a good shop - recommended for anyone looking for a cut .	cut	positive
had a _num_ % coupon , so i got the fancy wash plan .	coupon	positive
had a _num_ % coupon , so i got the fancy wash plan .	fancy wash plan	positive
i would avoid this place at all costs .	place	negative
also , the staff is always friendly .	staff	positive
so we go for the great food , the service and the tasty margaritas .	food	positive
so we go for the great food , the service and the tasty margaritas .	service	positive
so we go for the great food , the service and the tasty margaritas .	margaritas	positive
good , standard mexican food .	mexican food	positive
really , truly world class selection .	selection	positive
great service !	service	positive
just that extra touch of class .	class	positive
the food was amazing .	food	positive
service was great too .	service	positive
i like a little crunch , but come on , not the meat !	meat	negative
this place is fabulous .	place	positive
i requested jalapeos and banana peppers and i swear i got one of each .	jalapeos	positive
i requested jalapeos and banana peppers and i swear i got one of each .	banana peppers	positive
this was a very interesting place .	place	positive
the owner is an incredible individual .	owner	positive
place is dingy , especially for it being in scottsdale .	place	negative
has a small bar where you can get exotic cocktails .	bar	positive
has a small bar where you can get exotic cocktails .	cocktails	positive
good thing we decided to wait it out because bc is delicious .	bc	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
ground beef enchiladas with and egg on top .	ground beef enchiladas with	positive
ground beef enchiladas with and egg on top .	egg	positive
the food was great , and the beer was amazing .	food	positive
the food was great , and the beer was amazing .	beer	positive
rude staff !	staff	negative
the place is clean .	place	positive
i ordered the fish tacos and i got chicken tacos instead .	fish tacos	negative
i ordered the fish tacos and i got chicken tacos instead .	chicken tacos	negative
the egg drop soup literally just tasted like salt water .	egg drop soup	negative
the egg drop soup literally just tasted like salt water .	salt water	negative
and our drinks are almost always empty and the servers are hard to find .	drinks	negative
and our drinks are almost always empty and the servers are hard to find .	servers	negative
good : cheap drinks !	drinks	positive
ca n't afford to allow them to continually ruin my clothes .	clothes	positive
recently bought a variety of license plates there for a good price .	license plates	positive
recently bought a variety of license plates there for a good price .	price	positive
sweet cakes is a hidden treasure with amazing baked goods !	sweet cakes	positive
sweet cakes is a hidden treasure with amazing baked goods !	baked goods	positive
she said that coach does give boxes or sells boxes .	coach	negative
she said that coach does give boxes or sells boxes .	boxes	negative
food was great .	food	positive
_num_ hours should mean you can expect at least some minimum level of service .	service	negative
i love this water and ice !	water and ice	positive
nearly empty dining room .	dining room	negative
we love this place.	place.	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
went here with a groupon because i wanted to try somewhere new in town !	groupon	positive
i ordered the pollo margarita which was a little dry , but good .	pollo margarita	negative
the staff is very helpful and friendly .	staff	positive
they should n't use precious ac space for storage !	ac space	negative
they should n't use precious ac space for storage !	storage	negative
the hostesses are always welcoming and friendly .	hostesses	positive
interesting spot at scottsdale in shea .	spot	positive
they need to lay off the ice .	ice	negative
the ethiopian place three doors down does n't serve alcohol .	alcohol	negative
but , for $ _num_ an entree ' i expected something better .	entree	positive
two rounds of drinks and about _num_ minutes later , we are seated .	rounds of drinks	positive
they have a small selection of dog stuff as well .	selection of dog stuff	negative
small portion of meat and again rude and seemed irritated to be working .	meat	negative
love this place .	place	positive
great family owned restaurant !	restaurant	positive
my husband and i had our reception here - loved it .	reception	positive
the murphy roll is a must !	murphy roll	positive
our air has n't been working for the past few weeks .	air	negative
delicious , traditional spanish food and tapas and good prices .	traditional spanish food	positive
delicious , traditional spanish food and tapas and good prices .	tapas	positive
delicious , traditional spanish food and tapas and good prices .	prices	positive
the salt water pool is a dream to layout in during the summer .	salt water pool	positive
the chicken is very juicy and flavorful .	chicken	positive
tasted like old hot canned tuna fish with mayo and cream cheese .	canned tuna fish with mayo and cream cheese	positive
friendly service with a smile at a neighborhood bbq joint .	service	positive
friendly service with a smile at a neighborhood bbq joint .	bbq	positive
this could very well be the worst hotel experience i 've ever had .	hotel	negative
no counter offer .	counter offer	negative
i would recommend joanna for any job .	job	positive
the burrito bowl is excellent , as is the huevos rancheros .	burrito bowl	positive
the burrito bowl is excellent , as is the huevos rancheros .	huevos rancheros	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
this place is always great !	place	positive
the service in the place is awful .	service	negative
tiffany is amazing and does such a wonderful job cutting and styling my hair .	tiffany	positive
tiffany is amazing and does such a wonderful job cutting and styling my hair .	hair	positive
good bar .	bar	positive
i was n't given ice or a straw with my lemonade .	ice	negative
i was n't given ice or a straw with my lemonade .	lemonade	negative
talk at work had me checking this place out .	place	negative
attentive , great smile and personality .	smile	positive
the food was excellent and the live band was very good too .	food	positive
the food was excellent and the live band was very good too .	live band	positive
perfect place to end the night !	place	positive
great store !	store	positive
the chicken masala is absolutely amazing and legit .	chicken masala	positive
we quickly walked past it to the computer area .	computer area	negative
she loves her visits and comes home happy and tired !	visits	positive
the hostess was not very polite or friendly and seemed a bit slow .	hostess	negative
also the antipasto salad ranks right on up there .	antipasto salad	positive
the the staff are very nice and seem pretty organized on the busiest nights .	the staff	positive
_num_ minutes go by without any service .	service	negative
employees never greeted us or asked if they could help us find anything .	employees	negative
unfortunately , the staff was n't nearly as excited to see us .	staff	negative
it is loud music , loud people , over the top decor .	music	negative
it is loud music , loud people , over the top decor .	people	negative
it is loud music , loud people , over the top decor .	decor	negative
it was the perfect pick me up treat to get through the late morning .	pick me	positive
two negative experiences in a row and yes , you lost another customer .	customer	negative
they serve there meatball sub on a hotdog bun .	meatball sub on	positive
they serve there meatball sub on a hotdog bun .	hotdog bun	negative
no signage .	signage	negative
i absolutely love this place !	place	positive
this is a very popular breakfast place for tourists .	breakfast place	positive
terrible service .	service	negative
ordered margherita pizza _num_ go ... had one ( _num_ ) piece of basil !	margherita pizza _num_	positive
ordered margherita pizza _num_ go ... had one ( _num_ ) piece of basil !	basil	positive
this was a great dinning experience food was fab .	food	positive
the owner lady is super sweet and welcoming !	owner lady	positive
we get our drinks then _num_ minutes later our appetizer .	drinks	positive
we get our drinks then _num_ minutes later our appetizer .	appetizer	positive
great customer service , very prompt and efficient .	customer service	positive
no call backs or follow ups to update you on the process .	process	negative
the staff are always friendly and courteous .	staff	positive
the gluten free pizza and pasta 's are really good .	gluten	positive
the gluten free pizza and pasta 's are really good .	pizza	positive
the gluten free pizza and pasta 's are really good .	pasta 's	positive
too much stuff in a small space .	stuff	negative
too much stuff in a small space .	space	negative
they had the prime rib ( which was seriously fabulous and cooked to perfection !	prime rib (	positive
i did not leave happy , since the food was mediocre at best .	food	negative
the buffet is small but the food is delicious !	buffet	negative
the buffet is small but the food is delicious !	food	positive
over the years , the quality went down .	quality	negative
a bottle of fat tire really should n't be asking for too much .	bottle of fat tire	positive
the upscale atmosphere is appropriate for a date night .	atmosphere	positive
definitely enough food for the four of us .	food	positive
pei wei is consistently fresh , tasty , and a good value .	value	positive
toasted ravioli ... excellent .	ravioli	positive
great service .	service	positive
they made myself and my dog feel right at home !	dog	positive
chicken was burnt .	chicken	negative
i chose courtyard towers for my mother after an extensive search .	courtyard towers	positive
repairs are always done well and at a reasonable rate .	repairs	positive
the quality of the service , the food and the entire staff was excellent .	quality	positive
the quality of the service , the food and the entire staff was excellent .	service	positive
the quality of the service , the food and the entire staff was excellent .	food	positive
the quality of the service , the food and the entire staff was excellent .	staff	positive
the owners were so sweet and nice !	owners	positive
i have no idea why this restaurant has been rated so highly .	restaurant	negative
the orange chicken was more bread then chicken and let alone zero orange flavor !	orange chicken	negative
the orange chicken was more bread then chicken and let alone zero orange flavor !	bread	negative
the orange chicken was more bread then chicken and let alone zero orange flavor !	chicken	negative
pros : the atmosphere and the people are great .	atmosphere	positive
pros : the atmosphere and the people are great .	people	positive
the spa was nice and relaxing .	spa	positive
the hookah service is a little better , but not by much .	hookah service	positive
food was delicious and came out at a fantastic time .	food	positive
spicy .	spicy	positive
rancho pinot 's menu changes daily , depending on what 's fresh .	rancho pinot	positive
rancho pinot 's menu changes daily , depending on what 's fresh .	menu	positive
their dinner servings are worth the price , sesame chicken is amazing .	dinner servings	positive
their dinner servings are worth the price , sesame chicken is amazing .	price	positive
their dinner servings are worth the price , sesame chicken is amazing .	sesame chicken	positive
friendly service , and good menu choices .	service	positive
friendly service , and good menu choices .	menu choices	positive
see a blonde named sam , stay away !	sam	negative
i only stayed for one night on business .	business	positive
always a good time at a great price .	price	positive
they really do not do brunch well .	brunch	negative
... always a crowd pleaser .	crowd	positive
check your policies and hire people who will follow them .	policies	negative
great cause .	cause	positive
great service here !	service	positive
nice job !	job	positive
ca n't you just charge me extra ?	ca	negative
the food is n't that great .	food	negative
always fresh , fat , and delicious .	fat	positive
the indoor and outdoor settings were gorgeous , cozy , and inviting !	indoor	positive
the indoor and outdoor settings were gorgeous , cozy , and inviting !	outdoor settings	positive
generous portions and wonderful seasonings .	portions	positive
generous portions and wonderful seasonings .	seasonings	positive
you will fall in love with your hair !	hair	positive
it seems like every seat is decent .	seat	positive
i was very impressed with jennifer 's knowledge and skilled technique .	technique	positive
very cozy and intimate atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
warm potato chips .	potato chips	positive
what a cute little bar ... .	bar	positive
service is impeccable and proper .	service	positive
good pizza !	pizza	positive
manager hugh ( cousin of the owner ) always makes everyone welcome and happy .	manager	positive
manager hugh ( cousin of the owner ) always makes everyone welcome and happy .	owner	positive
my _num_ year old son felt very comfortable .	son	positive
i would highly recommend this dry cleaner , great service , great price .	dry cleaner	positive
i would highly recommend this dry cleaner , great service , great price .	service	positive
i would highly recommend this dry cleaner , great service , great price .	price	positive
the staff was friendly and attentive .	staff	positive
they always help me load the product purchased .	product	positive
food is good and the wings in particular .	food	positive
food is good and the wings in particular .	wings	positive
the price is right and it 's authentic .	price	positive
they became soggy ) but why so much sugar !	sugar	negative
this guys make the best oatmeal cookies and scones in the valley !	oatmeal cookies	positive
this guys make the best oatmeal cookies and scones in the valley !	scones	positive
oh my god , best breakfast burrito ever .	breakfast burrito	positive
i love taco bell !	taco bell	positive
wonderful hidden gem .	hidden	positive
i was thoroughly satisfied with my meal !	meal	positive
the staff is friendly and does a great job .	staff	positive
even at full price their services would be worth it .	price	positive
even at full price their services would be worth it .	services	positive
both jerry and natalie provide great service and chat .	service	positive
unfortunately , this place is a little pretentious for my liking .	place	negative
i am pretty sure that this is the location he ordered from .	location	negative
friendly service .	service	positive
the staff is always so friendly !	staff	positive
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .	greek food	negative
great office , very sweet staff !	office	positive
great office , very sweet staff !	staff	positive
seems like the same old theater that it was in the _num_ 's .	theater	negative
this place is great .	place	positive
booked tee time on executive course through the pro shop for this morning .	tee time	positive
booked tee time on executive course through the pro shop for this morning .	executive course	positive
booked tee time on executive course through the pro shop for this morning .	pro shop	positive
my brownie sundae was fantastic .	brownie sundae	positive
great food !	food	positive
but that did n't happen since the kitchen is closed .	kitchen	negative
the waitress was very kind and helpful and the food was good .	waitress	positive
the waitress was very kind and helpful and the food was good .	food	positive
dressing attendant was beyond clueless and did not want to help find sizes .	dressing attendant	negative
dressing attendant was beyond clueless and did not want to help find sizes .	sizes	negative
basic courtesy and customer service is not in their business model .	courtesy	negative
basic courtesy and customer service is not in their business model .	customer service	negative
even the water tasted horrible .	water	negative
not when there 's a nellos and a great falafel place so nearby .	nellos	positive
not when there 's a nellos and a great falafel place so nearby .	falafel place	positive
but i still enjoyed viewing others ' unique perspective on life and art .	art	positive
waited about another _num_ mins and no one came out .	_num_	negative
first time guests , and have been ignored for .	guests	negative
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .	ahi tuna	positive
nice admission price ( free ) .	admission price	positive
the room was terrible - filthy .	room	negative
the service is always great at this location !	service	positive
the service is always great at this location !	location	positive
received professional service with excellent repair results .	service	positive
received professional service with excellent repair results .	repair	positive
the problem was the chicken and noodles had absolutely no flavor .	chicken and noodles	negative
shame on that owner for allowing this to happen .	owner	negative
great price as well .	price	positive
this has now become one of my favorite sushi places .	sushi places	positive
the highlight was the little jalapeno cornbread muffin that came with it .	little jalapeno cornbread muffin	positive
we used a groupon for our first time and it was wonderful !	groupon	positive
ordered the links over easy with rye toast and hash browns .	links	positive
ordered the links over easy with rye toast and hash browns .	rye toast	positive
ordered the links over easy with rye toast and hash browns .	hash browns	positive
approximately _num_ % chance the service will leave something to be desired .	service	negative
the good : the beer selection is excellent !	beer selection	positive
ambience was nice though and our waiter b was amazing .	ambience	positive
ambience was nice though and our waiter b was amazing .	waiter	positive
terrible service and people .	service	negative
terrible service and people .	people	negative
it took almost _num_ hours to do my hair .	hair	negative
the guacamole & chips were very good .	guacamole & chips	positive
i moved to mesa from northern california a year and a half ago .	mesa	positive
another satisfying service visit .	service	positive
like i 'd want to lie and be this old lol .	lol	negative
hands on ownership always good to see !	ownership	positive
ambiance was great .	ambiance	positive
everything looked like it came straight out of a can .	can	negative
very clean , friendly staff , decent prices .	staff	positive
very clean , friendly staff , decent prices .	prices	positive
one of my favorite sports bars in the valley .	sports bars	positive
margarita was lousy .	margarita	negative
dirty , crappy old bathrooms .	bathrooms	negative
friendly employees , clean restaurant .	employees	positive
however , said knife did not land in said wing basket .	knife	negative
however , said knife did not land in said wing basket .	wing basket	negative
i had to follow up in person at the nursery to state my concerns .	nursery	negative
now i want that for dinner !	dinner	positive
the pork enchilada was soo dry i gave up & spit it out .	pork enchilada	negative
i wo n't make that drive again .	drive	negative
very happy with the service .	service	positive
we also had them provide the food for us and everyone loved it !	food	positive
the staff here are always polite , helpful , and fun .	staff	positive
amazing service !	service	positive
plus it was nice to see her large playful dog in the background .	dog	positive
the rolls are huge and very well made .	rolls	positive
had to wait _num_ minutes for our table .	table	negative
that only saved one b.s .	b.s	positive
had a great meal there .	meal	positive
the atmosphere is amazing and the outdoor patio has a great ambiance .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is amazing and the outdoor patio has a great ambiance .	outdoor patio	positive
the atmosphere is amazing and the outdoor patio has a great ambiance .	ambiance	positive
all for only $ _num_ .	$	negative
this place is by far the greatest !	place	positive
where the margaritas were twice the size for $ _num_ less .	margaritas	positive
well , $ _num_ later i have ac !	ac	positive
thank you china wok i will be back often just because of this .	china wok	positive
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	walmart neighborhood market	negative
the server was kind to bring me _num_ salad dressing options .	server	positive
many shops and shows to see !	shops	positive
many shops and shows to see !	shows	positive
no everytime my food still needs to get ready .	food	positive
also is a great place to watch a sporting event .	place	positive
it 's a long dining experience but in the end it 's worth it .	dining experience	positive
plus the place just looked dirty .	place	negative
my experience was that the nurses at the shea location were top notch .	nurses	positive
should 've went to mcdonald 's across the street .	mcdonald	negative
amazing place .	place	positive
the 2nd time was an oil change no issues .	oil change	positive
great draft beer selection and a friendly staff .	draft beer selection	positive
great draft beer selection and a friendly staff .	staff	positive
prices are a tad high but worth it .	prices	negative
the sales are good and sales people are friendly .	sales	positive
the sales are good and sales people are friendly .	sales people	positive
great store , great prices , friendly service .	store	positive
great store , great prices , friendly service .	prices	positive
great store , great prices , friendly service .	service	positive
i would not eat here again as there are far better options nearby .	options	negative
the pizza is close to inedible .	pizza	negative
they have some great price points in here modest wine list .	price points	positive
they have some great price points in here modest wine list .	wine list	positive
domestic bliss also has in house designers that are amazing !	domestic	positive
and service was great .	service	positive
pick it up big surf , management _num_ % to blame today !	surf	negative
pick it up big surf , management _num_ % to blame today !	management	negative
very friendly staff and quick service too .	staff	positive
very friendly staff and quick service too .	service	positive
the sandwiches were nothing special .	sandwiches	negative
the beef in my burrito tasted like ocean water ... plus .	beef	positive
the beef in my burrito tasted like ocean water ... plus .	burrito	positive
worst dye job .	dye job	negative
super helpful and a great value .	value	positive
i 'm taking my business elsewhere .	business	negative
best service for tires i have ever received !	service	positive
waitress was awesome and food was good !	waitress	positive
waitress was awesome and food was good !	food	positive
$ _num_ for a soda ?	soda	positive
the front desk had horrible communication problems .	front desk	negative
worst experience i have ever had in any type of show .	show	negative
this place is awesome .	place	positive
no menu .	menu	negative
this place is awesome .	place	positive
i thought it was a great spot to stay at .	spot	positive
my favorite music venue in the valley !	music venue	positive
i have a complaint on service every time i go here .	service	negative
i was first delighted by the museums sleek exterior .	exterior	positive
good bar type food and great service !	bar type food	positive
good bar type food and great service !	service	positive
the food was delicious and i absolutely loved my asian inspired basil cocktail .	food	positive
the food was delicious and i absolutely loved my asian inspired basil cocktail .	basil cocktail	positive
i was charged $ _num_ , which my bank app can verify .	bank app	positive
i ca n't believe that no one else has complained about this location before .	location	positive
this place is perfect .	place	positive
dark decor , elegant low lighting and top-notch service .	decor	positive
dark decor , elegant low lighting and top-notch service .	service	positive
all professional gear at solid deals .	gear	positive
really just the perfect sandwich .	sandwich	positive
great place !	place	positive
a wonderful shop !	shop	positive
it 's a great office , very friendly staff , comfortable , and professional .	office	positive
it 's a great office , very friendly staff , comfortable , and professional .	staff	positive
the people were great !	people	positive
i 'm dissapointed in this restaurant , i really wanted to like it .	restaurant	positive
pizza was soggy & greasy .	pizza	negative
had a great meal here prior to a show at the mesa arts center .	meal	positive
school is lackluster and is really profit driven .	school	negative
the best service !	service	positive
i love what she does with color !	color	positive
the food was fresh and the atmosphere was pleasant .	food	positive
the food was fresh and the atmosphere was pleasant .	atmosphere	positive
this place is the best in town , hands down .	place	positive
it was a very strong flavor that was overpowering and bad , real bad .	flavor	negative
really friendly and relaxed atmosphere with a surprisingly large selection .	atmosphere	positive
really friendly and relaxed atmosphere with a surprisingly large selection .	selection	positive
this place is worth trying , you 'll come back .	place	positive
i will miss the tamales .	tamales	positive
got a breakfast burrito chimi style .	breakfast burrito chimi style	positive
they play great music , and a lot of great people hang out there .	music	positive
the service is fast and take out is great .	service	positive
the service is fast and take out is great .	take	positive
fun place to eat outside with the kids .	place	positive
the pizza however was amazing !	pizza	positive
and he has a heart of gold .	heart of	positive
the bruschetta was so fresh and delicious.	bruschetta	positive
the gyro 's are always loaded with ingredients and it always tastes good .	gyro 's	positive
the gyro 's are always loaded with ingredients and it always tastes good .	ingredients	positive
the king size bed is very comfortable .	bed	positive
fast but quality service .	service	positive
i hate it when it takes _num_ minutes to get a cup of coffee .	cup of coffee	negative
lynn does a great job and gives the best pedicure in town !	pedicure	positive
traditional home style breakfast !	breakfast	positive
the service was great and the food was filling and very delicious .	service	positive
the service was great and the food was filling and very delicious .	food	positive
great happy hour !	happy hour	positive
service amazing .	service	positive
still one of my favorite spots that keeps me coming back .	spots	positive
the second location has excellent sandwiches .	location	positive
the second location has excellent sandwiches .	sandwiches	positive
very professional , clean job and we are very happy with this service .	service	positive
food was delicious and the staff was efficient and unobtrusive .	food	positive
food was delicious and the staff was efficient and unobtrusive .	staff	positive
the menudo and pozole are delicious .	menudo	positive
the menudo and pozole are delicious .	pozole	positive
make sure you have reservations because the seating area is tiny .	reservations	negative
make sure you have reservations because the seating area is tiny .	seating area	negative
i highly recommend this practice .	practice	positive
there is an atm that charges a $ _num_ fee , yay .	atm	negative
well let me tell you ladies , do not let her do your nails !	nails	negative
the office staff were wonderful , and friendly .	office staff	positive
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate	positive
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	eggs	negative
my cappuccino was so sip worthy ( see happy pic ) .	cappuccino	positive
so no respect for the patients time .	patients	negative
a week passes , no key , no phone call .	key	negative
the pastries are a wonderful treat , and the customer service is fantastic .	pastries	positive
the pastries are a wonderful treat , and the customer service is fantastic .	customer service	positive
the pepperoni and ricotta is so good .	pepperoni and ricotta	positive
come , enjoy , and get fat !	fat	positive
first the cream gun was broken , fine .	cream gun	positive
a big church with a small church feel .	church	positive
a big church with a small church feel .	church feel	positive
great haircut .	haircut	positive
fries were great yet , it 's fries so ?	fries	positive
fries were great yet , it 's fries so ?	fries	positive
too bad the food is so limited and not too impressive .	food	negative
and bland .	bland	negative
i have always had fantastic , fast , friendly service .	service	positive
great acts and great people ; it 's not called the spot for nothing !	acts	positive
great acts and great people ; it 's not called the spot for nothing !	people	positive
great acts and great people ; it 's not called the spot for nothing !	spot	positive
horrible craftsmanship , terrible business ethics and customer service .	craftsmanship	negative
horrible craftsmanship , terrible business ethics and customer service .	business ethics	negative
horrible craftsmanship , terrible business ethics and customer service .	customer service	negative
it 's quite a setup with the stage and great acoustics .	stage	positive
it 's quite a setup with the stage and great acoustics .	acoustics	positive
they cleaned up the mess and we enjoyed a very delicious , stuffing meal .	mess	positive
they cleaned up the mess and we enjoyed a very delicious , stuffing meal .	meal	positive
everything tasted amazing , but my favorite was the fondue lamb chops .	fondue lamb chops	positive
not a bad place for the kids to enjoy a sports bar/restaurant .	sports bar/restaurant	positive
we were expecting a very good meal , and were very disappointed .	meal	negative
the servings are generous so everyone can get a taste of something different .	servings	positive
rice is included !	rice	positive
there should be a lot more craft beers on the menu .	craft beers	positive
there should be a lot more craft beers on the menu .	menu	negative
overall very happy and will continue to use their service department .	service department	positive
a great date place .	date place	positive
i have also had their baked sandwiches and they 're great also .	baked sandwiches	positive
i love the carne asada and i love the beans .	carne asada	positive
i love the carne asada and i love the beans .	beans	positive
i would certainly never come back to this place ever again .	place	negative
but the star of the show is definitely the soup !	soup	positive
my hair always looks great !	hair	positive
the service was atrocious .	service	negative
the reviews are wrong . ''	reviews	negative
highly recommend this place !	place	positive
the manager always remembers what i had last and what my favorites are .	manager	positive
# _num_ on the desert course is a fun little chip .	desert course	positive
the mango lassi was too sweet too .	mango lassi	positive
however the customer service is a bit lacking .	customer service	negative
good food , friendly staff and patrons , what more can you ask for .	food	positive
good food , friendly staff and patrons , what more can you ask for .	staff	positive
good food , friendly staff and patrons , what more can you ask for .	patrons	positive
however due to their complete lack of customer service i decided to pass .	customer service	negative
everything we tried was fresh , high quality and executed perfectly .	quality	positive
there steak and fries are so delicious !	steak and fries	positive
on july _num_ , _num_ , i received poor customer service .	customer service	negative
i have no idea why people rave about this place .	place	negative
if i get another tattoo , i will definitely be back !	tattoo	positive
i also liked several of their wall mirrors as well as buffet lamps .	wall mirrors	positive
i also liked several of their wall mirrors as well as buffet lamps .	buffet lamps	positive
it was a great experience the customer service was delightful .	customer service	positive
linda is the best !	linda	positive
awesome restaurant !	restaurant	positive
definite dive bar in scottsdale , but fun all the same .	dive bar	positive
the food was delicious and the service was wonderful .	food	positive
the food was delicious and the service was wonderful .	service	positive
great service and delicious food .	service	positive
great service and delicious food .	food	positive
the pizza is as good as it gets in phoenix .	pizza	positive
the calamari and shrimp appetizers were just average .	calamari	positive
the calamari and shrimp appetizers were just average .	shrimp appetizers	negative
i took _num_ friends to lunch here today .	lunch	positive
i then waited for another _num_ for my value meal .	value meal	positive
`` yeah , but it 's only like _num_ % eel .	eel	negative
thank you all for a fantastic job !	job	positive
the rice was also very dry .	rice	negative
meat was very fatty and huge chunks .	meat	negative
meat was very fatty and huge chunks .	chunks	negative
love the service , love the location , love the staff .	service	positive
love the service , love the location , love the staff .	location	positive
love the service , love the location , love the staff .	staff	positive
bacon and over easy eggs were excellent .	bacon	positive
bacon and over easy eggs were excellent .	eggs	positive
our server was nice but not very informed or attentive .	server	positive
not only was the food bad and overpriced , the service was terrible .	food	negative
not only was the food bad and overpriced , the service was terrible .	service	negative
tortilla , potatoes and egg were all very fresh .	tortilla	positive
tortilla , potatoes and egg were all very fresh .	potatoes	positive
tortilla , potatoes and egg were all very fresh .	egg	positive
the chorizo and eggs are amazing .	chorizo	positive
the chorizo and eggs are amazing .	eggs	positive
the staff is always really nice .	staff	positive
i never reviewed it because i felt a loyalty to the other store .	store	positive
its close by , delivery is quick and the food is consistently delish .	delivery	positive
its close by , delivery is quick and the food is consistently delish .	food	positive
everyone was great from front desk staff , to vet assistant to vet .	front	positive
the staff is amazing and always make him feel he us their favorite .	staff	positive
every bite was amazing .	bite	positive
dh 's marinara sauce tasted like ragu sauce .	marinara sauce	positive
dh 's marinara sauce tasted like ragu sauce .	ragu sauce	positive
there was oil dripping from the filter and oil pan and even the transmission .	oil dripping	negative
there was oil dripping from the filter and oil pan and even the transmission .	filter	negative
there was oil dripping from the filter and oil pan and even the transmission .	oil pan	negative
there was oil dripping from the filter and oil pan and even the transmission .	transmission	negative
we are selling our home and needed a few things fixed .	home	negative
great pizza , good scene , great ... pizza .	pizza	positive
great pizza , good scene , great ... pizza .	scene	positive
her tone was incredibly rude .	tone	negative
overall a pleasant visit .	visit	positive
big helpings and excellent pricing .	helpings	positive
big helpings and excellent pricing .	pricing	positive
the filet mignon was perfect .	filet mignon	positive
i highly recommend this place .	place	positive
excellent selection of produce - fresh fruits at great prices !	selection of produce	positive
excellent selection of produce - fresh fruits at great prices !	prices	positive
my super close , local taco shop .	taco shop	positive
food was delicious along with the wine .	food	positive
food was delicious along with the wine .	wine	positive
fried won tons were not crispy .	fried won tons	negative
this entire practice is terrible .	practice	negative
we got the meat pizza , which was great .	meat pizza	positive
highly recommend eating here !	eating	positive
food is ok , but not the best .	food	negative
the enchiladas were decent but the beans and rice were great .	enchiladas	positive
the enchiladas were decent but the beans and rice were great .	beans	positive
the enchiladas were decent but the beans and rice were great .	rice	positive
fine and fresh ingredients prepared to absolute perfection .	ingredients	positive
service here is always excellent and i always look forward to my visits here .	service	positive
one of the best breakfast places on earth .	breakfast places	positive
one a short day trip to scottsdale , we found los olivos restaurant .	restaurant	positive
i ordered the _num_ fried tacos .	_num_ fried tacos	positive
it was also extremely limited on selection .	selection	negative
the place also had some comfy couches inside for a more relaxed experience .	place	positive
the place also had some comfy couches inside for a more relaxed experience .	comfy couches	positive
this place is tiny !	place	negative
they know their stuff .	stuff	positive
it 's a clean and quiet community .	community	positive
great place .	place	positive
do n't count on using their wi-fi though ... it sucks .	wi-fi	negative
stellar service and i will definitely look for her help next time i come .	service	positive
televisions are easy to see .	televisions	positive
i would steer clear of this place .	place	negative
our table was a mess .	table	negative
david the parts manager is great !	parts manager	positive
everyone there is very personable , and phil is especially great to work with .	everyone	positive
dingy atmosphere , not appetizing when you 're ordering raw fish .	atmosphere	negative
dingy atmosphere , not appetizing when you 're ordering raw fish .	fish	negative
it was a perfect top to a very good meal !	meal	positive
seriously disappointed by the coffee - in an old fashioned coffee house ?	coffee	negative
seriously disappointed by the coffee - in an old fashioned coffee house ?	coffee house	negative
unfortunately the staff are apparently trained to be jerks .	staff	negative
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	bread	positive
went for valentines day and was disappointed .	valentines day	negative
hands down one of my favorite places to go eat !	places	positive
service , excellent .	service	positive
todd does a wonderful job here and the service is always spot on !	service	positive
these folks are by far the most reliable plumbers i have ever dealt with .	plumbers	positive
i paid $ _num_ for my fill and pedicure and my nails look awful .	fill	negative
i paid $ _num_ for my fill and pedicure and my nails look awful .	pedicure	negative
make sure grimaldi 's is part of on your regular stops in old town !	grimaldi	positive
awesome chips and salsa , delicious cheese enchiladas and rice .	chips and salsa	positive
awesome chips and salsa , delicious cheese enchiladas and rice .	cheese enchiladas	positive
it was a great atmosphere , the food was delicious and well prepared .	atmosphere	positive
it was a great atmosphere , the food was delicious and well prepared .	food	positive
our group of nine was seated quickly and the service was great .	service	positive
a nice , casual dinner restaurant .	casual dinner restaurant	positive
the bathroom area is nothing special .	bathroom area	negative
great bfast and even better coffee .	bfast	positive
great bfast and even better coffee .	coffee	positive
the green chili pork with fresh tortillas was fabulous .	green chili pork with fresh tortillas	positive
a beautiful selection of jewelry , with exceptional designs and very reasonable prices .	selection of jewelry	positive
a beautiful selection of jewelry , with exceptional designs and very reasonable prices .	designs	positive
a beautiful selection of jewelry , with exceptional designs and very reasonable prices .	prices	positive
i wish there were negative stars for this pep boys store !	pep boys store	negative
i do n't think its health but it 's pretty damn good !	health	positive
the prices are very reasonable , especially for this area .	prices	positive
next job , seal the cracks in my bathroom !	bathroom	negative
i have always been a huge fan of the sport clips chain !	sport clips chain	positive
this place is definitely getting our return business .	return business	positive
the service also extremely pleasant and professional .	service	positive
mushrooms on the chicken were out of a can .	mushrooms on the chicken	negative
good choices , fresh salads , good selections .	choices	positive
good choices , fresh salads , good selections .	fresh salads	positive
good choices , fresh salads , good selections .	selections	positive
one of my favorite spots .	spots	positive
it 's loud , not air conditioned .	air	negative
her color and cut are always spot on .	color	positive
her color and cut are always spot on .	cut	positive
and , to top it off , threw out the food .	food	negative
while the food was decent , the service was absolutely awful .	food	positive
while the food was decent , the service was absolutely awful .	service	negative
i tried all three computers and none of them worked right .	computers	negative
do n't trust a sushi place without a single japanese person working there .	sushi place	negative
standing room only .	standing	negative
its become my new `` special occasion '' place !	place	positive
the chimi tasted almost burned .	chimi	negative
amazing fish tacos , wonderful flavor and texture .	fish tacos	positive
amazing fish tacos , wonderful flavor and texture .	flavor	positive
the rice was as dry as the desert .	rice	negative
the rice was as dry as the desert .	desert	negative
always a solid choice for lunch when your tired of regular sandwiches and subs .	lunch	positive
always a solid choice for lunch when your tired of regular sandwiches and subs .	sandwiches	positive
always a solid choice for lunch when your tired of regular sandwiches and subs .	subs	negative
we walked in and 1/2 the machines were out of order .	machines	negative
i highly recommend this place .	place	positive
the service is definitely at its best and the prices are exceptionally reasonable .	service	positive
the service is definitely at its best and the prices are exceptionally reasonable .	prices	positive
a lot of hype with little delivery .	delivery	negative
terrific ambience , service and food .	ambience	positive
terrific ambience , service and food .	service	positive
terrific ambience , service and food .	food	positive
great thai spot in old town .	thai spot	positive
wonderful place !	place	positive
this is by far the worst manicure i have ever received .	manicure	negative
no credit cards .	credit cards	negative
the service is very good .	service	positive
salsa was amazing too .	salsa	positive
there were about five tables taken and plenty of empty tables available .	tables	negative
great little bar with good food .	bar	positive
great little bar with good food .	food	positive
my family and i are regular customers .	customers	positive
chicken monterey was dry and lacked a lot of flavor .	chicken monterey	negative
chicken monterey was dry and lacked a lot of flavor .	flavor	negative
the atmosphere was very laid back and enjoyable .	atmosphere	positive
the chicken strips with buffalo sauce were hot , yummy , and crisp .	chicken strips with buffalo sauce	positive
i was pleasantly surprised by this museum .	museum	positive
the flavor of the meat alone was great .	flavor	positive
the flavor of the meat alone was great .	meat	positive
other than that , i love this place .	place	positive
phenomenal food !	food	positive
my favorite indian food restaurant .	indian food	positive
the chicken pasta is the best here .	chicken pasta	positive
from the beginning , i had difficulty with my hot water heater .	hot water heater	negative
the compassion and care goes beyond words .	compassion	positive
the compassion and care goes beyond words .	care	positive
warranty service is equally prompt .	warranty service	positive
definitely a laid back place in old town .	place	positive
the food , ambiance , and service was all top notch !	food	positive
the food , ambiance , and service was all top notch !	ambiance	positive
the food , ambiance , and service was all top notch !	service	positive
i 'm used to seeing strawberry in it and more cheesecake .	strawberry	positive
i 'm used to seeing strawberry in it and more cheesecake .	cheesecake	positive
so , we ended up getting the cilantro jalapeno hummus and some tzatziki .	cilantro jalapeno hummus	positive
so , we ended up getting the cilantro jalapeno hummus and some tzatziki .	tzatziki	positive
the food is great !	food	positive
ladies did a great job .	ladies	positive
great place for lunch ; good food and fun atmosphere !	lunch	positive
great place for lunch ; good food and fun atmosphere !	food	positive
great place for lunch ; good food and fun atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
the family is very friendly and the service is fast .	family	positive
the family is very friendly and the service is fast .	service	positive
the ambiance is just perfect .	ambiance	positive
flour tortillas and red pepper ( ? )	flour tortillas	positive
his office is modern , clean and his equipment is up to date .	office	positive
his office is modern , clean and his equipment is up to date .	equipment	positive
worst sea food in phoenix .	sea food	negative
love this wine bar !	wine bar	positive
their policies are awful .	policies	negative
friendly and helpful staff .	staff	positive
the staff is nice .	staff	positive
i had a larger order catered for my company , nothing too big .	order	negative
i had a larger order catered for my company , nothing too big .	company	negative
everything , including the service was incredible !	service	positive
however , we were seated directly in front of the door to the patio .	patio	negative
so we went , and yes the server was very good looking .	server	positive
i got my car back and was extremely unhappy .	car	negative
the staff is very friendly .	staff	positive
i completely enjoyed my five night stay here .	stay	positive
he agreed with me and paid me the fair value of the shirt .	value	positive
he agreed with me and paid me the fair value of the shirt .	shirt	positive
it 's just not a lunch spot .	lunch spot	negative
been there twice so far , very well run range .	range	positive
the outside may look pretty but the inside is terrible !	outside	negative
i loved the room , hospitality and location .	room	positive
i loved the room , hospitality and location .	hospitality	positive
i loved the room , hospitality and location .	location	positive
the sales guys are vey knowledgable about what tool is best for each job .	sales guys	positive
the sales guys are vey knowledgable about what tool is best for each job .	tool	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
in fact , three waitresses made eye contact with us then ignored us .	waitresses	negative
this is one of the best asian meals you may ever eat .	asian meals	positive
my husband and i went in for a _num_ buzz and a bang trim .	trim	positive
it was very cool dive bar .	dive bar	positive
ive been there twice and got the soft shell crab which was exceptional .	soft shell crab	positive
what a beautiful spot .	spot	positive
coach house is the epitome of dive , and i enjoyed it !	coach house	positive
coach house is the epitome of dive , and i enjoyed it !	dive	positive
we love this place !	place	positive
the staff treated me like an adult and was very patient and helpful .	staff	positive
i would go back , just hopefully get a different server .	server	negative
his efficiency and pleasant demeanor made my lunchtime experience very enjoyable !	lunchtime	positive
i will never return here simply because the service was that bad .	service	negative
greens are usually in great shape !	greens	positive
it was gross and a waste of money .	money	negative
best price too !	price	positive
love this place .	place	positive
this italian deli is top notch .	italian deli	positive
spend your hard earned money somewhere else !	money	negative
tip : great photo ops for tourists !	photo ops	positive
i have been to other hometown locations , this one was the worse .	locations	negative
and did but waste my precious time for lunch .	lunch	negative
best cheese steaks i 've ever had .	cheese steaks	positive
the cost to install and get a quality unit was cheaper than we expected .	cost	negative
the cost to install and get a quality unit was cheaper than we expected .	quality unit	negative
save your money folks .	folks	positive
i was thoroughly disappointed by the entree , however .	entree	negative
jj 's is a great neighborhood bar .	bar	positive
the flavors were bland , even the on with jalapenos in it .	flavors	negative
the flavors were bland , even the on with jalapenos in it .	jalapenos	negative
our timing was perfect as it immediately began to crowd up .	timing	positive
range masters have great sense of humor but know when to be serious .	range masters	positive
good food .	food	positive
note : my party of _num_ waited _num_ hour for a table .	table	negative
the food is so fresh and delicious and they deliver !	food	positive
everything my friends and i have tried at cowboy ciao has been exceptional .	cowboy	positive
my nails could have been done way better by a salon school .	nails	negative
my nails could have been done way better by a salon school .	salon school	negative
the staff is friendly , fast and interactive .	staff	positive
not real sure about this place .	place	negative
the have a very nice staff and the food is great .	staff	positive
the have a very nice staff and the food is great .	food	positive
they have a variety of persian favorites .	persian favorites	positive
one burger with onions pickles mayo mustard ketchup and cheese .	burger with onions pickles mayo mustard ketchup and cheese	positive
the enchilada sauce was bland and my rice was also mushy .	enchilada sauce	negative
the enchilada sauce was bland and my rice was also mushy .	rice	negative
old place , old smells .	place	positive
old place , old smells .	smells	positive
the room was supposed to be available to me today .	room	positive
the best fish tacos i have ever had .	fish tacos	positive
great sports bar !	sports bar	positive
the veggie roll did n't taste fresh .	veggie roll	negative
also , the bartenders rock !	bartenders	positive
when we ordered and got our food , it was tasty and delicious .	food	positive
and though the latest owners are nicer than the previous , nothing else improved .	owners	positive
this place is just strange .	place	negative
for a stupid tanning membership that i 've already paid _num_ months !	tanning membership	negative
yes i have ac at home but this was ridiculously loud !	ac	negative
almost all the produce is very fresh and organic .	produce	positive
charging a cover on a random saturday night .	cover	positive
again i was very impressed with the design of the restaurant .	design	positive
again i was very impressed with the design of the restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the area is so cute and the atmosphere is welcoming .	area	positive
the area is so cute and the atmosphere is welcoming .	atmosphere	positive
wonderful bedside manners .	bedside manners	positive
we are very impressed with scottsdale air heating and cooling .	air heating	positive
it had big chunks of shaved parmesan in it which was cool .	chunks of shaved parmesan	positive
price is what you expect for such perfect food .	price	positive
price is what you expect for such perfect food .	food	positive
lots of bad reviews there .	reviews	negative
enjoyed our evening with great food .	food	positive
fresh bread and oil balsamic nice touch .	bread	positive
fresh bread and oil balsamic nice touch .	oil balsamic	positive
beer is a good deal as well .	beer	positive
the hot tea was like plain hot water .	hot tea	positive
the hot tea was like plain hot water .	hot water	negative
john the owner and rod are very friendly out are honest .	owner	positive
john the owner and rod are very friendly out are honest .	rod	positive
i also saw people bringing in their own food .	food	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
came for happy hour while having a staycation and stayed past happy hour .	staycation	negative
he really knows his stuff .	stuff	positive
nice spot to grab a casual lunch or dinner .	spot	positive
nice spot to grab a casual lunch or dinner .	casual lunch	positive
nice spot to grab a casual lunch or dinner .	dinner	positive
horrible food & even worse service .	food	negative
horrible food & even worse service .	service	negative
rice was excellent , meat very tender .	rice	positive
rice was excellent , meat very tender .	meat	positive
for the entire dining room ( _num_ tables ? )	dining room	positive
sorry sal , did n't talk to you at all .	sal	negative
the grounds are kept clean and the people are very friendly .	grounds	positive
the grounds are kept clean and the people are very friendly .	people	positive
there is nothing that would ever get me to come back to this place .	place	negative
great service !	service	positive
french fries were barely cooked dripping with oil and soggy .	french fries	negative
great service and atmosphere , food was exceptional !	service	positive
great service and atmosphere , food was exceptional !	atmosphere	positive
great service and atmosphere , food was exceptional !	food	positive
very well prepared with top quality ingredients .	ingredients	positive
decent for the price .	price	positive
i had a great time and enjoyed the food .	food	positive
i tried the lox salmon eggs benedict and enjoyed it .	lox salmon eggs benedict	positive
the service is friendly and attentive .	service	positive
good wait service and timely delivery of food .	wait service	positive
good wait service and timely delivery of food .	delivery of food	positive
so , our check showed two steaks , with one written off .	check	negative
so , our check showed two steaks , with one written off .	steaks	negative
wonderful place to get great greek cuisine .	greek cuisine	positive
girl at front , not so great .	girl	negative
everything on the menu is homemade and super good .	menu	positive
my favorite is the beef and broccoli .	beef and broccoli	positive
unfortunately we did n't enjoy the scallops or shrimp dish on the starters menu .	scallops	negative
unfortunately we did n't enjoy the scallops or shrimp dish on the starters menu .	shrimp dish	negative
unfortunately we did n't enjoy the scallops or shrimp dish on the starters menu .	starters menu	negative
very unique decor beautiful patio fantastic food and great service !	decor	positive
very unique decor beautiful patio fantastic food and great service !	patio	positive
very unique decor beautiful patio fantastic food and great service !	food	positive
very unique decor beautiful patio fantastic food and great service !	service	positive
that is the only good thing about this starbucks .	starbucks	negative
the environment was nice and quiet .	environment	positive
good place .	place	positive
of all the asian cuisine i really love thai food .	asian cuisine	positive
of all the asian cuisine i really love thai food .	thai food	positive
the store is very clean and organized too .	store	positive
i guess customer service is alive and well at this store .	customer service	positive
`` wine tasting director '' very good , with tasty selections .	wine tasting director	positive
`` wine tasting director '' very good , with tasty selections .	selections	positive
stayed here for a friends wedding and it was excellent .	wedding	positive
i recommend the carne asada because it was marinated well .	carne asada	positive
they take forever to come by to blow out the bowl .	bowl	negative
kids working are always friendly .	kids	positive
he avoided my eyes and of course never approached our table !	table	negative
and , no joke , the food here is really good .	food	positive
decently priced , cute and clean .	priced	positive
is that why the pizza took so long ? )	pizza	negative
food is way below average .	food	negative
i had him check ticket number because he would n't believe me .	check ticket number	negative
for an appetizer we ordered the buffalo carpaccio and it was delicious .	appetizer	positive
for an appetizer we ordered the buffalo carpaccio and it was delicious .	buffalo carpaccio	positive
i found this place on groupon .	place	positive
i found this place on groupon .	groupon	positive
the chopped salad is a specialty , and it was delicious .	chopped salad	positive
the server was awful .	server	negative
spend your money somewhere else .	money	negative
fortunately , got sushi provides both .	sushi	positive
no fridge , old crusty tub and floors .	fridge	negative
no fridge , old crusty tub and floors .	tub	negative
no fridge , old crusty tub and floors .	floors	negative
no return experience for me .	return experience	negative
the entertainment was decent .	entertainment	positive
i noticed two other customers walked in and nothing .	customers	negative
this place is a perfect mix of everyday and exotic .	place	positive
the ambiance is not bad .	ambiance	positive
the soft tacos were soggy with grease .	soft tacos	negative
one can not even eat their sushi .	sushi	negative
the food here is `` hit or miss . ''	food	positive
the focus was on presentation , not on providing a real meal .	presentation	positive
the focus was on presentation , not on providing a real meal .	meal	negative
the service is very good , people are friendly .	service	positive
the service is very good , people are friendly .	people	positive
the bathrooms were just disgusting .	bathrooms	negative
always great service .	service	positive
hands down best italian in the valley .	italian	positive
the bartender did n't seem to care at all .	bartender	negative
but the cakes are amazing !	cakes	positive
i 've always had excellent service .	service	positive
terrible service !	service	negative
very nice facility , friendly staff , and excellent hygienists .	facility	positive
very nice facility , friendly staff , and excellent hygienists .	staff	positive
they have really good breakfast sandwiches and free wifi .	breakfast sandwiches	positive
they have really good breakfast sandwiches and free wifi .	wifi	positive
the `` wood '' floors in the kitchen and bathroom are not real .	wood	negative
the `` wood '' floors in the kitchen and bathroom are not real .	floors	negative
the `` wood '' floors in the kitchen and bathroom are not real .	kitchen	negative
the `` wood '' floors in the kitchen and bathroom are not real .	bathroom	negative
great , unique restaurant .	restaurant	positive
best chopped salad on the planet .	chopped salad	positive
this is not the place for fine dining .	dining	negative
we had a great dinner .	dinner	positive
sanctuary is an excellent resort .	sanctuary	positive
papago is my favorite place to go for drinks with friends and family .	papago	positive
papago is my favorite place to go for drinks with friends and family .	drinks	positive
i got a burrito with shredded beef , and it was delicious .	burrito with shredded beef	positive
it 's a must during christmas just to see the inside of the place !	place	positive
the small rings were very tasty .	small rings	positive
this place still kicks ass .	place	positive
certainly not an upscale resort but it serves it purpose well .	resort	negative
owner needs to do something about customer service- attitude is not professional .	owner	negative
owner needs to do something about customer service- attitude is not professional .	customer service-	negative
both meals were great .	meals	positive
i love there food !	food	positive
spicy chicken rigatoni was not spicy @ all , sauce watery and tasteless .	spicy chicken rigatoni	negative
the food did n't look good .	food	negative
everything about this resort was first class !	resort	positive
american said no .	american	negative
the grounds are beautiful ... green grass and a lot of trees and shade .	grounds	positive
the grounds are beautiful ... green grass and a lot of trees and shade .	green grass	positive
the grounds are beautiful ... green grass and a lot of trees and shade .	trees	positive
the grounds are beautiful ... green grass and a lot of trees and shade .	shade	positive
the restaurant is clean and the staff is attentive .	staff	positive
the vegetables were ok , chicken was overcooked according to person eating it .	vegetables	negative
the vegetables were ok , chicken was overcooked according to person eating it .	chicken	negative
speaker system worked nice so everyone heard the whole ceremony .	speaker system	positive
i ordered a chicken taco , but i 've had much better .	chicken taco	negative
pleasant shop .	shop	positive
i mentioned it to the server and she shrugged it off .	server	negative
ambience is lovely .	ambience	positive
no sprite .	sprite	negative
got a great deal and thought i 'd give this place a shot .	place	positive
keep up the great work !	work	positive
the restrooms and general areas are not clean .	restrooms	negative
the restrooms and general areas are not clean .	general areas	negative
next , the service was severely lacking .	service	negative
the first time i was missing an entire sandwich and a side of fries .	sandwich	negative
the first time i was missing an entire sandwich and a side of fries .	side of fries	negative
service , food and drinks were all fantastic .	service	positive
service , food and drinks were all fantastic .	food	positive
service , food and drinks were all fantastic .	drinks	positive
the laser techs are very hit or miss .	laser techs	positive
they were very accommodating and the staff loved entertaining my little one .	staff	positive
excellent sandwiches and friendly service in a historic place !	sandwiches	positive
excellent sandwiches and friendly service in a historic place !	service	positive
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	lunch	positive
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	wine list	positive
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	service	positive
i am being very generous here , because the expectations were so much higher .	expectations	negative
always fresh and good value .	value	positive
sorry to my family for wasting your money .	money	negative
this place has it all !	place	positive
great service and a lot cheaper than audio express .	service	positive
great service and a lot cheaper than audio express .	audio	positive
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	sushi	positive
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	cucumber salad	positive
i absolutely love santisi brothers !	santisi	positive
my order was on a sunday so adjust your opinion accordingly .	order	negative
great buys at great prices .	buys	positive
great buys at great prices .	prices	positive
great drink , food , and service .	drink	positive
great drink , food , and service .	food	positive
great drink , food , and service .	service	positive
the room was very small but it was clean .	room	negative
these should be full of flavor and it was bland .	flavor	negative
the rice was hard and dry as well .	rice	negative
the food seemed like leftovers from lunch .	food	negative
i highly recommend this company .	company	positive
shrimp enchiladas was not up to par .	shrimp enchiladas	positive
unfortunately , the food was terrible .	food	negative
the only difference is that the bathroom works here .	bathroom	positive
i highly recommend this shop to anyone needing any work done .	shop	positive
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .	golf course	positive
really was some of the worst chinese food i 've ever had .	chinese food	negative
chicago style steakhouse with an exceptional wait staff .	wait staff	positive
the staff is very friendly .	staff	positive
got the order completely wrong .	order	negative
one of the best places to spa in the valley .	places	positive
one of the best places to spa in the valley .	spa	positive
i complained to the manager , he did nothing , not even an apology .	manager	negative
they lost me as a customer .	customer	negative
overpriced and not a genuine steakhouse .	steakhouse	negative
very impressed with this place as always !	place	positive
still good though ( especially with a coupon ) .	coupon	positive
an old dude did my pedicure .	pedicure	negative
there breakfast burritos are so good !	breakfast burritos	positive
it is in an interesting neighborhood .	neighborhood	positive
wonderful atmosphere out in the patio while listening to some older cowboy music .	atmosphere	positive
wonderful atmosphere out in the patio while listening to some older cowboy music .	patio	positive
wonderful atmosphere out in the patio while listening to some older cowboy music .	cowboy music	positive
got ta love a business that likes to cater to the locals !	business	positive
the staff is professional , courteous and honest .	staff	positive
great place to visit and get relief from the arizona heat .	place	positive
yummy the french toast is a must .	french toast	positive
great location .	location	positive
the staff is attentive and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
the hummus is great .	hummus	positive
good food .	food	positive
even the eggrolls were horrible .	eggrolls	negative
the staff is always friendly .	staff	positive
they were both outstanding dishes with great flavor and seasoning .	dishes	positive
they were both outstanding dishes with great flavor and seasoning .	flavor	positive
they were both outstanding dishes with great flavor and seasoning .	seasoning	positive
i love this bar !	bar	positive
the pizza is first rate .	pizza	positive
had a fun day !	day	positive
$ _num_ bucks for a okay salad with a bit of chicken .	salad with	positive
i highly recommend this family owned restaurant !	restaurant	positive
we caught this outback serving reheated coconut shrimp tonight !	serving reheated coconut shrimp	positive
the 1st rule of the breakfast club is never eat at the breakfast club .	breakfast club	positive
the river is a great spot to chill with and make new friends .	river	positive
the river is a great spot to chill with and make new friends .	spot	positive
very quaint , excellent menu and exceptional staff .	menu	positive
very quaint , excellent menu and exceptional staff .	staff	positive
the pizza was n't on a thin crust .	pizza	negative
the pizza was n't on a thin crust .	crust	negative
every now and then , i crave a wendy 's double stack .	wendy 's double stack	positive
this is a place that the locals visit .	place	positive
charging for a second serving of chips or any salsa with entrees .	serving of chips	negative
charging for a second serving of chips or any salsa with entrees .	salsa with entrees	negative
avoid this place yelper 's , avoid it .	place yelper	negative
great location in south scottsdale with ample parking .	location	positive
great location in south scottsdale with ample parking .	parking	positive
great deal on the back _num_ if you get there early in the morning .	back _num_	positive
oh , and she gives amazing head massages !	head massages	positive
love g bar g and ... .	g bar g	positive
they worked with our budget and the service was perfect throughout the entire night .	service	positive
spicy and very yummy .	spicy	positive
this place has a full bar and the best bar b questions ever .	bar	positive
this place has a full bar and the best bar b questions ever .	bar b questions	positive
i tried the habanero sliders which really delivered the heat and flavor .	habanero sliders	positive
i tried the habanero sliders which really delivered the heat and flavor .	flavor	positive
this is the kind of place which gives chinese food a bad name .	place	positive
this is the kind of place which gives chinese food a bad name .	chinese food	negative
loved the food- great salsa !	food-	positive
loved the food- great salsa !	salsa	positive
beef enchilada was also extremely salty , cheese enchilada was very good .	beef enchilada	negative
beef enchilada was also extremely salty , cheese enchilada was very good .	cheese enchilada	negative
i love thai .	thai	positive
once you make a purchase there 's no guarantee the plant would survive .	plant	negative
that is not how you treat your paying , repeat customers .	customers	negative
the food was very good .	food	positive
we had to wait for a table maybe _num_ min .	table	negative
cold food .	food	negative
incredible little place .	place	positive
that was one of the best burgers i 've had since moving to az .	burgers	positive
great service and great breakfast .	service	positive
great service and great breakfast .	breakfast	positive
excellent customer service , how can you beat this place ?	customer service	positive
it has nice wood flooring and an attached garage .	wood flooring	positive
it has nice wood flooring and an attached garage .	garage	positive
the donut 's were still great .	donut 's	positive
the food arrived within the quoted time , and was nice and hot .	food	positive
our pizza crust was burnt and flavorless .	pizza crust	negative
what a great atmosphere for a small gathering and they were awesome !	atmosphere	positive
great restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the best thai food is of course in los angeles thai town .	thai food	positive
my pork chili verde was tough with gristle running through it .	pork chili verde	negative
i ended up later moving into a one bedroom by myself .	one	negative
best mexican i 've had in az .	mexican	positive
this place is a total rip off !	place	positive
one of the best pizzas i 've ever tasted .	pizzas	positive
i highly recommend german car service .	german car service	positive
an old soul in the old town rotation .	rotation	positive
fiesta is my place !	fiesta	positive
try to make it once a week ; love this place !	place	positive
the food here is fantastic .	food	positive
plus they give you an extra bagel if you order a dozen .	bagel	positive
i rented five rooms here for a bachelor party golf trip .	golf	positive
the style matches the high-end style of the dress and looks absolutely perfect .	dress	positive
of course , they do n't tell you this when you get your tickets .	tickets	negative
his food was edible , but mine was bad .	food	positive
amazing bean and cheese burrito , potato tacos and the salsa is just amazing .	bean and cheese burrito , potato tacos	positive
amazing bean and cheese burrito , potato tacos and the salsa is just amazing .	salsa	positive
to me this is by far the worst part about this place .	place	negative
authentic recipes .	recipes	positive
the hawaiian shrimp fried rice is also really good .	hawaiian shrimp fried rice	positive
we were there with a large party and they were able to accommodate us .	party	positive
usually places just serve plain ice cream but this ice cream was really good .	plain ice cream	positive
usually places just serve plain ice cream but this ice cream was really good .	ice cream	positive
pam , molly , and jeremy are especially outstanding !	pam	positive
pam , molly , and jeremy are especially outstanding !	molly	positive
also , do n't think i will be going there for any other services .	services	negative
decent selection of frames .	selection of frames	positive
just a fun place to eat .	place	positive
and try and talk to the door man .	door man	positive
my favorite sandwich is the old town club .	sandwich	positive
my favorite sandwich is the old town club .	old	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
service and atmosphere was great .	service	positive
service and atmosphere was great .	atmosphere	positive
one of the best restaurants we 've been to in a while .	restaurants	positive
i will not be returning to this restaurant ever again !	restaurant	negative
quality of food was so-so and service was slow .	quality of food	negative
quality of food was so-so and service was slow .	service	negative
terrible company to refer to .	company	negative
i love taxes !	taxes	positive
i 've been meaning to visit this restaurant for a long time .	restaurant	positive
enjoyed a wonderful meal , prepared just as ordered .	meal	positive
mahi mahi is dry .	mahi mahi	negative
the place was dead on a saturday .	place	negative
this place is quite good .	place	positive
worst korean food i 've ever eaten without question .	korean food	negative
it 's clean and the cashiers are friendly .	cashiers	positive
probably the best bbq buffet i 've ever had .	bbq buffet	positive
highly recommend this laundromat !	laundromat	positive
food was very good , service excellent .	food	positive
food was very good , service excellent .	service	positive
everything on the menu is good especially the lemon chicken .	menu	positive
everything on the menu is good especially the lemon chicken .	lemon chicken	positive
tacos and carnitas were very good and the wife loved the relleno .	tacos	positive
tacos and carnitas were very good and the wife loved the relleno .	carnitas	positive
tacos and carnitas were very good and the wife loved the relleno .	wife	positive
tacos and carnitas were very good and the wife loved the relleno .	relleno	positive
excellent place !	place	positive
each course was complimented by a lovely wine choice .	course	positive
each course was complimented by a lovely wine choice .	wine choice	positive
this school is terrible .	school	negative
charming staff as well .	staff	positive
definitely enough for two plus meals !	meals	positive
_num_ ) flexible scheduling .	scheduling	positive
friendly service , with consistent high quality , great tasting food !	service	positive
friendly service , with consistent high quality , great tasting food !	food	positive
i 've had them before from other places but jen was amazing .	jen	positive
recommend the food here its fantastic !	food	positive
i enjoyed the noodle box .	noodle box	positive
they have a great selection .	selection	positive
and the balsamic was really sour .	balsamic	negative
drivers are nice enough .	drivers	positive
the greens and the grass around the greens were in fine shape .	greens	positive
the greens and the grass around the greens were in fine shape .	grass	positive
this was one of the best pizza 's i 've ever had .	pizza	positive
the grounds are not well kept , the residents just throw trash all over .	grounds	negative
i ca n't say enough good about the guy and the treatment he provides .	guy	negative
i ca n't say enough good about the guy and the treatment he provides .	treatment	negative
my $ _num_ valued groupon now felt like it was worth much less .	groupon	positive
the sicilian was garbage .	sicilian	negative
the music was fun and there was a good mix of people .	music	positive
food is fantastic .	food	positive
the brownie was not warmed up and was hard .	brownie	negative
this is our favorite place for sunday brunch !	sunday brunch	positive
look at my wait , get the hell out .	wait	negative
thanks made in the shade for making it easy !	shade	positive
chilaquiles are also really good .	chilaquiles	positive
food was ok but i felt cheated and wo n't go again .	food	negative
hands down the best thai food in scottsdale !	thai food	positive
this is a gem of a gallery if you are into native american pottery .	native	positive
first , i ordered a standard margarita .	margarita	positive
staff was friendly and on top of things .	staff	positive
great food , great service , love the atmosphere with all the televisions .	food	positive
great food , great service , love the atmosphere with all the televisions .	service	positive
great food , great service , love the atmosphere with all the televisions .	atmosphere	positive
the bagels are the best i have had in the state of arizona !	bagels	positive
called several shops and dean offered me the best deal !	deal	positive
prices very good .	prices	positive
nice wine list with fair prices .	wine list	positive
nice wine list with fair prices .	prices	positive
great weather for an enjoyable trip .	weather	positive
nice and crispy just the way we like them with just enough sauce .	sauce	positive
fresh ingredients made for tasty pizza .	ingredients	positive
fresh ingredients made for tasty pizza .	pizza	positive
the service is horrible , the food is average and the prices are outrageous .	service	negative
the service is horrible , the food is average and the prices are outrageous .	food	negative
the service is horrible , the food is average and the prices are outrageous .	prices	negative
it looked like a great place .	place	positive
however , i ordered my spinach enchiladas as it is usually good .	spinach enchiladas	positive
these were over poured with alcohol and did n't taste good .	alcohol	negative
food was good , drinks worked , nice casual old town hangout .	food	positive
food was good , drinks worked , nice casual old town hangout .	drinks	positive
asu , you suck .	asu	negative
great food and team !	food	positive
it was just meh .	meh	positive
got cut off after _num_ drinks , which was terrible .	drinks	negative
more of a casual european feel .	feel	positive
great hangover food .	food	positive
the food was fantastic with an ok price .	food	positive
the food was fantastic with an ok price .	price	positive
the staff is just fantastic and the spa is first class .	staff	positive
the staff is just fantastic and the spa is first class .	spa	positive
poor service .	service	negative
called to try to make a reservation , no answer .	reservation	negative
loved our attentive servers .	servers	positive
steve is a jerk and needs serious training on how to treat customers .	customers	negative
love this place !	place	positive
diane was a pleasure to deal with .	diane	positive
do n't let the word scottsdale fool you this place is a complete ghetto .	place	positive
food is n't nothing to rave about .	food	positive
my better half had the special ... meatball stuffed pizza - it was delicious !	meatball stuffed pizza	positive
the ladies are quick to greet you , seat you and take drink orders .	ladies	positive
the ladies are quick to greet you , seat you and take drink orders .	seat	positive
the ladies are quick to greet you , seat you and take drink orders .	drink orders	positive
the staff is friendly .	staff	positive
food is great too .	food	positive
drink totally worth it !	drink	positive
friendly staff .	staff	positive
we had reservations so there was no surprise big group showing up .	reservations	negative
this is a cool spot indeed .	spot	positive
awesome chicken smoked bbq sandwich and cornbread is delicious .	chicken smoked bbq sandwich	positive
awesome chicken smoked bbq sandwich and cornbread is delicious .	cornbread	positive
great atmosphere and a big hit for the kids .	atmosphere	positive
we would recommend them to other animal lovers .	animal	positive
great tailor , my stuff always turns out right .	tailor	positive
great tailor , my stuff always turns out right .	stuff	positive
chris , the manager was superb !	manager	positive
this is nothing more that overpriced takeout .	takeout	positive
bed was comfortable but pillows were horrible .	bed	positive
bed was comfortable but pillows were horrible .	pillows	negative
nice selection of drinks , people are very welcoming .	selection of drinks	positive
nice selection of drinks , people are very welcoming .	people	positive
the ambience is excellent .	ambience	positive
happy hour is the best time to visit and is the best value .	value	positive
bring your appetite !	appetite	positive
very nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
sometimes its edible , most times everything tastes like orange chicken .	orange chicken	positive
great wifi reception .	wifi reception	positive
fun atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
best water and ice !	water and ice	positive
it is a beautiful restaurant tucked in the corner with a large menu .	menu	positive
amazing food !	food	positive
my food was prepared fresh as always and was overall very good .	food	positive
love all the waiters .	waiters	positive
the service was good .	service	positive
always impeccable service .	service	positive
excellent food , atmosphere and staff .	food	positive
excellent food , atmosphere and staff .	atmosphere	positive
excellent food , atmosphere and staff .	staff	positive
the sushi is well priced for the volume .	sushi	positive
the sushi is well priced for the volume .	priced	positive
the sushi is well priced for the volume .	volume	positive
this place has the best customer service of any place out here .	customer service	positive
a margarita out of a bottle should not cost seven bucks .	margarita out	positive
when i was filling out the tip portion , she started rolling her eyes .	tip portion	negative
this place is great .	place	positive
if you have never been , treat yourself to the best lunch or dinner .	lunch	positive
if you have never been , treat yourself to the best lunch or dinner .	dinner	positive
everything we tried was great , as was the service .	service	positive
great food for any meal of the day .	food	positive
great food for any meal of the day .	meal	positive
chewy crust and delicious toppings .	crust	positive
chewy crust and delicious toppings .	toppings	positive
great prices , and a very friendly staff .	prices	positive
great prices , and a very friendly staff .	staff	positive
very nice people .	people	positive
superb service from steve , despite allergy needs for menu changes .	service	positive
superb service from steve , despite allergy needs for menu changes .	menu changes	negative
it 's not because of the money it 's all about characters !	money	negative
it 's not because of the money it 's all about characters !	characters	positive
this place has zero customer service .	customer service	negative
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !	travel	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
there were three employees and two just standing at the drink station .	employees	negative
there were three employees and two just standing at the drink station .	drink station	negative
biggest scam in town .	scam	negative
i liked the heat of the salsa .	heat	positive
i liked the heat of the salsa .	salsa	positive
great for happy hour , but the steak sandwich is delish !	steak sandwich	positive
terrible food , terrible service .	food	negative
terrible food , terrible service .	service	negative
very good food and ambient .	food	positive
very good food and ambient .	ambient	positive
this place is the best !	place	positive
really good wood fired pizza .	wood fired pizza	positive
awesome festival !	festival	positive
the ribeye was incredible .	ribeye	positive
i go to chinese church , and they recommended gary .	chinese church	positive
i do n't deal well with bad service like that !	service	negative
all in all , nasty place .	place	negative
it was one of the worst experiences i have ever had with a store .	store	negative
i really enjoy breakfast here .	breakfast	positive
worse customer service ever !	customer service	negative
the food is incredible .	food	positive
they are easy to get an appointment with and the doctors are very thorough .	appointment	positive
they are easy to get an appointment with and the doctors are very thorough .	doctors	positive
great food , good wine , great service and the ambiance was amazing .	food	positive
great food , good wine , great service and the ambiance was amazing .	wine	positive
great food , good wine , great service and the ambiance was amazing .	service	positive
great food , good wine , great service and the ambiance was amazing .	ambiance	positive
so delicious , the owner is hilarious and accommodating .	owner	positive
highly recommend this shop .	shop	positive
great service from john , dean , and hector !	service	positive
our waitress was very friendly and checked up on us a couple of times .	waitress	positive
it may be that you do not need a new battery .	battery	negative
the food is superb - excellent preparation , creative combinations .	food	positive
oh and their red salsa is amazing and had the perfect spice !	red salsa	positive
oh and their red salsa is amazing and had the perfect spice !	spice	positive
bad lighting .	lighting	negative
really good place to spend a friday night .	place	positive
the donuts are moist , melt in your mouth deliciousness .	donuts	positive
would highly recommend for date night or meeting friends for a drink !	drink	positive
with the foul taste in my mouth , we passed on the desert .	desert	negative
if i could give a half star i would .	half star	positive
i love this place and i 'm a customer for life !	place	positive
worst service i ever had !	service	negative
confirmed reservations were ignored or not honored .	reservations	negative
great service without any pressure to buy .	service	positive
family owned and operated , the food it amazing .	food	positive
worth a visit , they also do a good job on takeout orders .	takeout orders	positive
wonderful little place !	place	positive
never opened the case , never explained the rental terms .	rental terms	negative
the sandwiches are n't that good .	sandwiches	negative
he was to make _num_ copies of each and i had paid $ _num_ .	copies	positive
private , clean , granite counters ... .	counters	positive
this is by far the best pizza in phoenix .	pizza	positive
i really liked the ambiance of the place .	ambiance	positive
i really liked the ambiance of the place .	place	positive
they were all white so maybe the whole store is racist ?	store	negative
delicious , inexpensive , fluffy donuts !	donuts	positive
and the service is great !	service	positive
everyone was very nice on both visits and that goes for staff and customers .	staff	positive
everyone was very nice on both visits and that goes for staff and customers .	customers	positive
absolutely love this location .	location	positive
love love love this place !	place	positive
very clean and the employees are always very freindly !	employees	positive
highly recommend shannon and the salon !	shannon	positive
highly recommend shannon and the salon !	salon	positive
everyone on the staff is extremely friendly , knowledgeable and compassionate .	staff	positive
we had the cornbread appetizer which was wonderful .	cornbread appetizer	positive
very bad business !	business	negative
great views , above average food , above average service , great valet parking .	views	positive
great views , above average food , above average service , great valet parking .	food	positive
great views , above average food , above average service , great valet parking .	service	positive
great views , above average food , above average service , great valet parking .	valet parking	positive
the service was tight also which is always a big plus .	service	negative
justin was a very attentive server .	server	positive
its like dining in the middle of a garage sale .	dining	negative
its like dining in the middle of a garage sale .	garage sale	negative
no taste .	taste	negative
store has excellent customer service and the ice cream is a must have .	customer service	positive
store has excellent customer service and the ice cream is a must have .	ice cream	positive
my favorite is jenny she is an incredible bartender person as well as dancer .	bartender	positive
my favorite is jenny she is an incredible bartender person as well as dancer .	dancer	positive
the food was delicious and the meet cook exactly the way we requested .	food	positive
the food was delicious and the meet cook exactly the way we requested .	meet cook	positive
try the new mexican potstickers , they are the best !	new mexican potstickers	positive
planes coming in and it right outside the window !	planes	negative
my car looks great !	car	positive
a nice russian guy .	russian guy	positive
i love this resort !	resort	positive
and the sales person heather was professional and very courteous .	sales person	positive
the quality of the food was very good .	quality of the food	positive
favorite greek ever !	greek	positive
cream puffs also were excellent .	cream puffs	positive
the actual lot for the venue fills up over two hours before a show .	lot	negative
the actual lot for the venue fills up over two hours before a show .	venue	negative
oh , and by the way the shop is very nice .	shop	positive
the service was excellent , but the food does take quite awhile to arrive .	service	positive
the service was excellent , but the food does take quite awhile to arrive .	food	negative
i 'm one happy customer : ) .	customer	positive
everything was tasty , cooked to perfection , and amazing .	cooked	positive
happy hour prices are great .	prices	positive
the staff was great , very knowledgeable and friendly .	staff	positive
love this salon !	salon	positive
a large lobby and a great gift shop .	lobby	positive
a large lobby and a great gift shop .	gift shop	positive
excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
if you do n't live in the area it 's still worth the drive .	area	positive
this place was horrible !	place	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
please extend your open hours .	open hours	positive
we could have dealt with the food going downhill and the prices going up .	food	negative
we could have dealt with the food going downhill and the prices going up .	prices	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
great service !	service	positive
i prefer the bar as there is more to look at .	bar	positive
well i 'm glad that i had a heads up about the location .	location	positive
then there was the wine , not so great .	wine	negative
sell your clothes , jewelry , etc here !	clothes	positive
sell your clothes , jewelry , etc here !	jewelry	positive
our server , ashley , was excellent .	server	positive
i highly recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
$ _num_ for an iced tea is absurd .	iced tea	negative
the plates look like a disaster when served ; sauce everywhere , very disorganized .	plates	negative
the plates look like a disaster when served ; sauce everywhere , very disorganized .	served	negative
the plates look like a disaster when served ; sauce everywhere , very disorganized .	sauce	negative
we love this place .	place	positive
_num_ bucks a cone .	cone	positive
craft cocktails .	craft cocktails	positive
love the discounts you get when you purchase products !	discounts	positive
love the discounts you get when you purchase products !	products	positive
the plate is full with unnecessary crispy noodle .	plate	negative
the plate is full with unnecessary crispy noodle .	crispy noodle	negative
such a cute breakfast/lunch place !	breakfast/lunch place	positive
she really `` gets '' my hair , and what i want .	hair	positive
although he offered me a gift certificate , i declined .	gift certificate	negative
check out new asian kitchen they have much better food .	asian kitchen	positive
check out new asian kitchen they have much better food .	food	negative
both dishes were so hot and spicy , we could n't eat !	dishes	negative
the atmosphere is great for adults and kids .	atmosphere	positive
very flavorful and right amount of spice .	spice	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the food is what it is about and the food here delivers .	food	positive
the food is what it is about and the food here delivers .	food	positive
it could have been any family restaurant in a strip mall .	strip mall	negative
i love coming here with friends to enjoy wine and appetizers .	wine	positive
i love coming here with friends to enjoy wine and appetizers .	appetizers	positive
the owners are very kind and create an open friendly environment .	owners	positive
the owners are very kind and create an open friendly environment .	environment	positive
plus , caprese !	caprese	positive
owner is friendly and price is good .	owner	positive
owner is friendly and price is good .	price	positive
lots of bland , greasy cheese and no fresh herbs or fresh flavors .	cheese	negative
lots of bland , greasy cheese and no fresh herbs or fresh flavors .	flavors	negative
highly highly recommend raintree vet resort & clinic !	raintree vet resort	positive
we 've eaten in each time and the staff is very pleasant .	staff	positive
really , kazimierz has it all .	kazimierz	positive
never have enough registers open so i started going to frys instead .	registers	negative
it was the worst night i have stayed at any hotel .	hotel	negative
we will be back and i will order off the menu .	menu	negative
very reasonably priced !	priced	positive
the food has always been pretty good .	food	positive
clean , professional , fast , well worth the convenience fees .	convenience fees	positive
the crispy roll was n't crispy , more ... the opposite of crispy .	crispy roll	negative
super nice staff !	staff	positive
the chips and salsa with guacamole on the side was the perfect appetizer .	chips	positive
the chips and salsa with guacamole on the side was the perfect appetizer .	salsa with guacamole	positive
the chips and salsa with guacamole on the side was the perfect appetizer .	appetizer	positive
_num_ , _num_ other locations still open according to the sign .	locations	positive
the drinks were good and sushi as good if not better .	drinks	positive
the drinks were good and sushi as good if not better .	sushi	positive
the tortillas they brag about were cold and tasteless .	tortillas	negative
the sushi was luke warm and old tasting like it 's been sitting out .	sushi	positive
cool sports memorabilia and great prime rib .	sports memorabilia	positive
cool sports memorabilia and great prime rib .	prime rib	positive
left with a car that was not what i wanted .	car	negative
great restaurant and amazing pizza !	restaurant	positive
great restaurant and amazing pizza !	pizza	positive
fast , friendly and excellent service !	service	positive
this is definitly a bar that one should take a date .	bar	positive
was very , very happy with the pizza .	pizza	positive
the food is incredible .	food	positive
a hint that they use cheap cheese .	cheese	negative
they declined , and were told again they really should have the battery replaced .	battery	negative
customer service is great .	customer service	positive
my family and i had dinner here last night and really enjoyed the food .	dinner	positive
my family and i had dinner here last night and really enjoyed the food .	food	positive
worth the drive .	drive	positive
the famous french dip is absolutely amazing .	french dip	positive
the hubs and i accidentally found this place while heading to an antique store .	hubs	positive
great , friendly staff .	staff	positive
the food was really good too and came is pretty large portions .	food	positive
the food was really good too and came is pretty large portions .	portions	positive
overall , a good beer experience .	beer	positive
i ca n't believe this place is in business .	place	positive
oh , and also slices of plain white bread .	slices of plain white bread	positive
the bartender made a really good wine bottle recommendation that was spot on .	bartender	positive
the bartender made a really good wine bottle recommendation that was spot on .	wine bottle	positive
the owner is so friendly and remembers us every time .	owner	positive
bring a book and sit on the patio it 's gorgeous there .	book	positive
bring a book and sit on the patio it 's gorgeous there .	patio	positive
love this place .	place	positive
very friendly people .	people	positive
i would n't recommend this business to anyone .	business	negative
the meatball sandwich is great and so are all the pastas .	meatball sandwich	positive
the meatball sandwich is great and so are all the pastas .	pastas	positive
the tastes of all were just intense and pleasing .	tastes	positive
this place is so ugly and disgusting !	place	negative
he packed it very nicely for our road trip back home .	road	positive
we will be keeping the same menu and using all the same fresh ingredients .	menu	positive
we will be keeping the same menu and using all the same fresh ingredients .	ingredients	positive
great facility and friendly staff .	facility	positive
great facility and friendly staff .	staff	positive
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	spot	positive
the quality and prices of the roses are great .	quality	positive
the quality and prices of the roses are great .	prices	positive
the quality and prices of the roses are great .	roses	positive
best chinese takeout in the area .	chinese takeout	positive
i ordered a chicken alfredo specialty pizza .	chicken alfredo specialty pizza	positive
the woman who checked me in wasnt very understanding .	woman	negative
the people that work there are rude and do not put the customer first .	people	negative
the people that work there are rude and do not put the customer first .	customer	negative
seriously , do n't waste your money .	money	positive
do n't start by saying you have $ _num_ wine .	wine	negative
great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i liked the fun music from the _num_ 's .	music	positive
place is really nice , clean and welcoming .	place	positive
i am very pleased with my order .	order	positive
waited _num_ minutes for food to be served , on a quiet afternoon .	food	negative
waited _num_ minutes for food to be served , on a quiet afternoon .	served	negative
this place is great in so many ways .	place	positive
service is top notch .	service	positive
always clean and good food .	food	positive
my warranty company got this company to come over and fix my pool plumbing .	warranty company	positive
my warranty company got this company to come over and fix my pool plumbing .	pool plumbing	positive
i 've talked the manager before & they act like they do n't care .	manager	negative
overpriced , piss warm brews and sound work could have been better .	piss	negative
overpriced , piss warm brews and sound work could have been better .	brews	negative
overpriced , piss warm brews and sound work could have been better .	sound work	negative
we ordered the chopped salad , the chicken and waffles and the scallops .	chopped salad	positive
we ordered the chopped salad , the chicken and waffles and the scallops .	chicken and waffles	positive
we ordered the chopped salad , the chicken and waffles and the scallops .	scallops	positive
love this place .	place	positive
the guests all raved about dave , the food and the service .	food	positive
the guests all raved about dave , the food and the service .	service	positive
i could imagine olive garden would be just as good .	olive garden	positive
however , my bed is awful .	bed	negative
great music , fun crowd , excellent nachos .	music	positive
great music , fun crowd , excellent nachos .	crowd	positive
great music , fun crowd , excellent nachos .	nachos	positive
i have curly hair and once the bangs dry they stick straight out .	bangs	negative
the band played a lot of _num_ 's music .	band	positive
the band played a lot of _num_ 's music .	music	positive
the service was very good .	service	positive
how this place remains open is beyond me .	place	positive
the atmosphere was very uncomfortable too .	atmosphere	negative
the views from the cafe are gorgeous !	views	positive
the views from the cafe are gorgeous !	cafe	positive
i did n't like this place much .	place	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
this place is a hidden gem in scottsdale !	place	positive
it was a really bad meal .	meal	negative
i love this dealership !	dealership	positive
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	ny staple	positive
this place definitely lived up to the ratings and opinions .	place	positive
i was not impressed with the single overpriced pancake .	pancake	negative
overall - the food was delicious and service was friendly .	food	positive
overall - the food was delicious and service was friendly .	service	positive
there are a ton of different asian inspired options .	asian	positive
there are a ton of different asian inspired options .	options	positive
the server was overly attentive to the point of annoying .	server	negative
amazing atmosphere and even better food !	atmosphere	positive
amazing atmosphere and even better food !	food	positive
huge selection of papers and so helpful .	selection of papers	positive
amazing service !	service	positive
michelle refused to refund any portion of the $ _num_ paid to the venue .	venue	negative
been here a dozen times at least and always pleased with food and service .	food	positive
been here a dozen times at least and always pleased with food and service .	service	positive
wine list is extensive but outrageously overpriced .	wine list	positive
the guys at this pool store have been great .	guys	positive
the guys at this pool store have been great .	pool store	positive
the pancakes were disgusting and bland .	pancakes	negative
and that is just the part , add another _num_ for `` labor '' .	labor	positive
they are not american chinese food and really delicious .	american chinese food	negative
everything is fresh made and you can tell in the quality .	quality	positive
if your willing to wait though this is a great spot .	spot	positive
the guy ordering take out was soooooo nice !	guy	positive
the food is always great and the service is spot on .	food	positive
the food is always great and the service is spot on .	service	positive
friendly folks .	folks	positive
for the bad , the food and drinks are extremely expensive .	food	negative
for the bad , the food and drinks are extremely expensive .	drinks	negative
this place is great !	place	positive
just not a good atmosphere , mainly due to the seating and overpriced drinks .	atmosphere	negative
just not a good atmosphere , mainly due to the seating and overpriced drinks .	seating	negative
just not a good atmosphere , mainly due to the seating and overpriced drinks .	drinks	negative
nice atmosphere , wide variety of food to choose from .	atmosphere	positive
food is fast and fabulous .	food	positive
there 's nothing quite like $ _num_ cheesecake or $ _num_ nachos .	cheesecake	negative
there 's nothing quite like $ _num_ cheesecake or $ _num_ nachos .	nachos	negative
there 's nothing that special about cue club , quite frankly .	cue club	negative
fantastic happy hour specials , daily & weekly deals posted on their website .	happy hour specials	positive
fantastic happy hour specials , daily & weekly deals posted on their website .	deals	positive
this place sucks .	place	negative
the salad and sandwiches we ordered were just average .	salad	negative
the salad and sandwiches we ordered were just average .	sandwiches	negative
the pizza was great , too ( we had the t rex ) .	pizza	positive
chips and salsa were delicious and margaritas too !	chips	positive
chips and salsa were delicious and margaritas too !	margaritas	positive
a great place for upscale comfort food !	comfort food	positive
this place was pretty good !	place	positive
great place !	place	positive
omg , this place is great .	place	positive
go and enjoy - beware game nights are packed !	game nights	positive
my friend ordered the tuna melt and she loved it .	tuna melt	positive
not worth the cost .	cost	negative
terrific associates , clean store that is always in tip top shape .	store	positive
nice doctor but horrible experience !	doctor	positive
our waitress was beyond friendly and the food was very good !	waitress	positive
our waitress was beyond friendly and the food was very good !	food	positive
i will not be giving this place anymore business .	place	negative
i will not be giving this place anymore business .	business	negative
the edamame was greasy and did n't seem fresh at all .	edamame	negative
the smell was almost overwhelming the whole time we were there .	smell	negative
i always order the general tso chicken and its always soo good .	general tso chicken	positive
the onion gets _num_ stars .	onion	positive
we stopped for lunch and were pleasantly surprised .	lunch	positive
i also like the dark upscale atmosphere - very much like a houston 's .	atmosphere	positive
this has become my new favorite deli !	deli	positive
worth a look , if you 're looking for a good pie .	pie	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the food was great , but service ruined the night .	food	positive
the food was great , but service ruined the night .	service	negative
the customer service was an absolute nightmare at this hotel .	customer service	negative
plus the room was very clean .	room	positive
we did n't try the pie , which i hear is very good .	pie	positive
good service and very legit food .	service	positive
good service and very legit food .	food	positive
did i waste my money ?	money	negative
upon check in , my husband enjoyed a quick dinner and beer .	dinner	positive
upon check in , my husband enjoyed a quick dinner and beer .	beer	positive
the wings are always cooked to perfection .	wings	positive
and a good juke box and pool table .	juke box	positive
and a good juke box and pool table .	pool table	positive
excellent burgers and brew !	burgers	positive
excellent burgers and brew !	brew	positive
the bread with jelly was delicious as well as the pork beans .	bread with jelly	positive
the bread with jelly was delicious as well as the pork beans .	pork beans	positive
drinks were no big deal and overpriced for happy hour .	drinks	negative
the pho came out a little hotter than room temperature .	pho	negative
the food here is great , rice and beans were rice and beans .	food	positive
the food here is great , rice and beans were rice and beans .	rice	positive
the food here is great , rice and beans were rice and beans .	beans	positive
i moved here _num_ years ago and was afraid of finding a new dentist .	dentist	negative
reliable delivery and convenient .	delivery	positive
then we wait another _num_ for drinks , and finally the pizza showed up .	drinks	negative
then we wait another _num_ for drinks , and finally the pizza showed up .	pizza	positive
salsas are delicious too .	salsas	positive
thank you to the staff for everything you do !	staff	positive
very nice touch .	touch	positive
their salads are amazing and the garlic knots .	salads	positive
their salads are amazing and the garlic knots .	garlic knots	positive
my car came back looking amazing .	car	positive
the atmosphere is nice .	atmosphere	positive
no return calls no contact from them at all .	return	negative
we ordered the philadelphia , dragon , rainbow , vegas and crazy monkey rolls !	monkey rolls	positive
best thai we 've ever had !	thai	positive
great unique style .	style	positive
i really have nothing good to say , even the drinks were overpriced .	drinks	negative
charlie and his team are great !	charlie	positive
it 's generic americanized asian food .	asian food	negative
the price was more than half less and our experience was so much better .	price	negative
food is always very good .	food	positive
the wine list was extensive and the drink selection was great , too .	wine list	positive
the wine list was extensive and the drink selection was great , too .	drink selection	positive
great guys doing great work with great customer service !	customer service	positive
apparently not ... because the manager was mia , too .	manager	negative
sugar bowl could do it .	sugar bowl	positive
staff very nice .	staff	positive
i will definitely patron this establishment again in the future .	establishment	positive
the splash pad , slide and kid activities are well thought out and great .	splash pad	positive
the splash pad , slide and kid activities are well thought out and great .	slide	positive
the splash pad , slide and kid activities are well thought out and great .	kid activities	positive
someone in there with a couple of dogs .	dogs	negative
we highly recommend the print company .	print company	positive
light and refreshing and we 're going to taste the belgian pie soon .	belgian pie	positive
this is the all time worst place to eat sushi .	place	negative
this is the all time worst place to eat sushi .	sushi	negative
we finally got the check and he did n't even take the chicken off .	check	negative
we finally got the check and he did n't even take the chicken off .	chicken	negative
their food is just more flavorful and more carefully prepared than anywhere else .	food	positive
cheap store , quality of work _num_ .	store	positive
cheap store , quality of work _num_ .	quality of work	positive
the service was prompt , knowledgeable , efficient , and friendly .	service	positive
it is a great place to spend a lazy weekday afternoon .	place	positive
the chicken was perfect , tender and juicy .	chicken	positive
always a great day when i get to go to this store !	store	positive
fun atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
keep up the good work !	work	positive
and their slow songs were boring me .	slow songs	negative
prime rib burger was super delicious !	prime rib burger	positive
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service	positive
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	food	negative
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	drink	negative
the babies and toddlers there are almost always relaxed and happy .	babies	positive
the babies and toddlers there are almost always relaxed and happy .	toddlers	positive
this by far is the best sports bar in phoenix .	sports bar	positive
the prices are also reasonable for the amount of food you get .	prices	positive
the prices are also reasonable for the amount of food you get .	food	positive
this place was super delicious though !	place	positive
if you are going to sell the smallest gyro , it better be amazing .	gyro	positive
we love this place .	place	positive
we probably get pizza from here once or twice a month .	pizza	positive
definitely makes your place feel like home again .	place	positive
it was like a bad episode of bar rescue .	bar rescue	negative
tasted like the kind you could buy from costco .	kind	positive
it takes a lot of skill to mess up something like a grilled salmon .	grilled salmon	negative
tony was so nice and professional .	tony	positive
thank you kelsey for exceeding my expectations for sephora - in any location .	sephora	positive
i wanted a regular mani/pedi and the girl did a great job .	mani/pedi	positive
i wanted a regular mani/pedi and the girl did a great job .	girl	positive
love the crab angels too !	crab angels	positive
he is realistic and cares about his patients .	patients	positive
great service .	service	positive
good service .	service	positive
we enjoyed the new lunch combos .	lunch combos	positive
outstanding food .	food	positive
this is my favorite olive garden that i 've visited thus far !	olive garden	positive
great drinks , great bands and great service !	drinks	positive
great drinks , great bands and great service !	bands	positive
great drinks , great bands and great service !	service	positive
seared tuna also looked tasty .	seared tuna	positive
gave credit card # and got a confirmation # .	credit card	positive
parking - _num_ hour free street parking .	parking	positive
parking - _num_ hour free street parking .	parking	positive
doc and his staff are so helpful and friendly !	staff	positive
combination kabobs are excellent .	combination kabobs	positive
the pool is beautiful , and bikes on the property to rent .	pool	positive
chandler and gilbert have several places for breakfast that rock all over this place .	breakfast	positive
we will be going elsewhere for pizza from now on .	pizza	positive
the staff there is so nice and cares about the animals .	staff	positive
the staff there is so nice and cares about the animals .	animals	positive
we literally spent _num_ hours here just trying to have lunch .	lunch	negative
the selection was poor in my opinion .	selection	negative
her demeanor was awful and the whole transaction had me sick .	demeanor	negative
her demeanor was awful and the whole transaction had me sick .	transaction	negative
other than that , service was good and waiters are friendly .	service	positive
other than that , service was good and waiters are friendly .	waiters	positive
i love my nails and you were so great to fit me in so .	nails	positive
service was outstanding to boot .	service	positive
love the dentist !	dentist	positive
this place is pretty interesting .	place	positive
i got my car washed here on sunday at around 2pm .	car	negative
all the food was fantastic .	food	positive
one of my favorite spots in the phoenix area .	spots	positive
no stars here !	stars	negative
enjoyed the black bean wrap this morning .	black bean wrap	positive
-- no host stand was a bit awkward for me and guests .	host stand	negative
had previously had some repairs done and the problem was still not fixed .	repairs	negative
the deserts and appetizers are awesome .	deserts	positive
the deserts and appetizers are awesome .	appetizers	positive
goodbye kfc , hello church 's .	kfc	positive
get better , you 've lost a loyal customer .	customer	negative
the green chile tamale was sweet and tasty .	green chile tamale	positive
love this place .	place	positive
the staff is friendly and courteous .	staff	positive
both the chicken and beef were great .	chicken	positive
both the chicken and beef were great .	beef	positive
however , it seemed impossible for him to show me my rental space .	rental space	negative
food was mediocre .	food	negative
no napkins or silverware was provided .	napkins	negative
no napkins or silverware was provided .	silverware	negative
food was amazing - a little pricey but , well worth it .	food	positive
the waitress was ok but not overly attentive .	waitress	positive
ate here again the other night - always delicious food and decent service .	food	positive
ate here again the other night - always delicious food and decent service .	service	positive
excellent service from jay .	service	positive
great menu and our waiter was very friendly and helpful !	menu	positive
great menu and our waiter was very friendly and helpful !	waiter	positive
fourth , service was slow .	service	negative
this is one of the best bars in town !	bars	positive
the whole wheat pancakes and the challah french toast were incredible .	wheat pancakes	positive
the whole wheat pancakes and the challah french toast were incredible .	challah french toast	positive
the staff are very friendly and the food is excellent .	staff	positive
the staff are very friendly and the food is excellent .	food	positive
the staff here is awesome .	staff	positive
we dined in the original `` house '' which was fun and historic .	house	positive
they treat their employees and their customers well .	employees	positive
they treat their employees and their customers well .	customers	positive
cool place !	place	positive
it hit the spot and was cooked perfectly .	cooked	positive
then moved onto papaya salad and chicken panang .	papaya salad	positive
then moved onto papaya salad and chicken panang .	chicken panang	positive
f bombs included .	f bombs	positive
one of my favorite spots in pv .	spots	positive
one of my favorite spots in pv .	pv	positive
their thin crust is amazing though .	crust	positive
he was rude and it nearly ruined my dining experience .	dining experience	negative
great beer selection both of their own brews and guest selection .	beer	positive
great beer selection both of their own brews and guest selection .	brews	positive
good to great bar food in my opinion .	bar food	positive
awesome specials every day , i have loved every soup i have tried here .	specials	positive
awesome specials every day , i have loved every soup i have tried here .	soup	positive
no paper towels in the bathroom .	paper towels	negative
an amazing restaurant , great atmosphere , great service , and great food .	atmosphere	positive
an amazing restaurant , great atmosphere , great service , and great food .	service	positive
an amazing restaurant , great atmosphere , great service , and great food .	food	positive
do n't waste your time at this place .	place	positive
second , the food is amazing .	food	positive
great place , great food , great service .	place	positive
great place , great food , great service .	food	positive
great place , great food , great service .	service	positive
probably because i ate half my plate and left early .	plate	negative
nice patio .	patio	positive
besides the food tasting delicious , the service was really good .	food	positive
besides the food tasting delicious , the service was really good .	service	positive
it was a good atmosphere and we 'll be back !	atmosphere	positive
i was there a few weeks ago and gina delivered such great customer service !	customer service	positive
but the real gem here is the wine cellar .	wine cellar	positive
excellent service and very reasonable !	service	positive
the liquor store has a great selection and the staff is very knowledgable .	liquor store	positive
the liquor store has a great selection and the staff is very knowledgable .	staff	positive
the apple fritter is worth it .	apple fritter	positive
the food quality , portions and the service was excellent .	food quality	positive
the food quality , portions and the service was excellent .	portions	positive
the food quality , portions and the service was excellent .	service	positive
then she turns me _num_ degrees so i ca n't see the mirror .	mirror	negative
i love that they have a `` different '' menu .	menu	positive
good food , fair prices .	food	positive
good food , fair prices .	prices	positive
i enjoyed the french fries home made .	french fries	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
pretty good sushi , great service .	sushi	positive
pretty good sushi , great service .	service	positive
no i know you ca n't and wo n't .	ca	negative
this place tops walmart any day ... .	walmart	positive
the bean burro enchilada style is amazing and the green burro 's on point .	bean burro enchilada style	positive
the bean burro enchilada style is amazing and the green burro 's on point .	green burro	positive
chips and salsa was great .	chips	positive
will definitely recommend this place and come back when i come back to phoenix .	place	positive
this place is a gem .	place	positive
but the delivery is late every single time .	delivery	negative
review is for food only , not service , which was fine .	food	positive
review is for food only , not service , which was fine .	service	positive
this place is tiny !	place	negative
everything was really good , i liked the lamb shank the best .	lamb shank	positive
liked this place a lot and would definitely go back .	place	positive
this is hands down the best dental experience i have ever had !	dental experience	positive
but , sugar bowl is worth it !	sugar bowl	positive
this is truly one of the most authentic indian food you will find .	indian food	positive
unfortunately china china restaurant is no longer there .	china china restaurant	negative
dr. hall is as nice as it gets .	dr.	positive
what kind of restaraunt would do that to a steak ?	steak	negative
delivery takes forever , customer service is god awful .	delivery	negative
delivery takes forever , customer service is god awful .	customer service	negative
the ribs were extremely tough and did not fall off the bone .	ribs	positive
we had a great time and enjoyed all the festival has to offer .	festival	positive
pizza is always top notch .	pizza	positive
the employee appeared to stop the swing before it hit the guy .	employee	negative
wow what a treat .	treat	positive
best experience ever .	experience	positive
the best nail salon i 've been to in a while !	nail salon	positive
fun place to go and hang out as well as shop .	place	positive
topped off with a drink in the jade bar for the perfect evening .	drink	positive
topped off with a drink in the jade bar for the perfect evening .	jade bar	positive
great sandwiches and authentic italian food .	sandwiches	positive
great sandwiches and authentic italian food .	italian food	positive
upset with the roach more than the horrible service and food .	roach	negative
upset with the roach more than the horrible service and food .	service	negative
upset with the roach more than the horrible service and food .	food	negative
comics were funny .	comics	positive
good food , and good service .	food	positive
good food , and good service .	service	positive
this location is by far the worst i 've ever been to .	location	negative
the food is incredible as is the atmosphere !	food	positive
the food is incredible as is the atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
love this place .	place	positive
very good sushi and they also have hibachi grills .	sushi	positive
very good sushi and they also have hibachi grills .	hibachi grills	positive
no privacy here either .	privacy	negative
their customer service was good .	customer service	positive
strawberry rum cake is by far my favorite !	strawberry rum cake	positive
service was great .	service	positive
absolutely the best thai i 've ever had in arizona .	thai	positive
i look forward to coming back here soon , the menu looked great !	menu	positive
unless you want to wait an hour for your food , do n't go .	food	negative
great place for ufc and they even have poker _num_ days a week .	poker _num_	positive
great service !	service	positive
absolutely incredible food !	food	positive
and a favorite spring training stop .	spring	positive
not too many people is nice and the band is fabulous !	band	positive
great fruit and veggie market with a local feel that is worth a stop .	fruit	positive
great fruit and veggie market with a local feel that is worth a stop .	veggie market	positive
the food at this location is delicious .	food	positive
the food at this location is delicious .	location	positive
everything about this place is disgusting !	place	negative
he ordered half meatballs and mushrooms , i ordered half cajun chicken and pineapple .	meatballs	negative
he ordered half meatballs and mushrooms , i ordered half cajun chicken and pineapple .	mushrooms	positive
he ordered half meatballs and mushrooms , i ordered half cajun chicken and pineapple .	half cajun chicken	positive
he ordered half meatballs and mushrooms , i ordered half cajun chicken and pineapple .	pineapple	positive
happy hour at the sushi bar is the best kept secret !	sushi bar	positive
it is a maze .	maze	positive
the vibe was great - very neighborhood .	vibe	positive
george 's seafood pocket is the best appetizer !	seafood pocket	positive
george 's seafood pocket is the best appetizer !	appetizer	positive
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !	ca	positive
not a chance , not even for free cake .	cake	negative
and it is for sure an `` american '' chinese hang out .	chinese	positive
i have enjoyed the drinks , the service and the food .	drinks	positive
i have enjoyed the drinks , the service and the food .	service	positive
i have enjoyed the drinks , the service and the food .	food	positive
it was a simple request and the customer service was completely horrible .	customer service	negative
i have had better chicken sandwiches elsewhere .	chicken sandwiches	positive
the ambiance was great !	ambiance	positive
the inside of the restaurant was dark , quiet , and unappealing .	inside	negative
great food .	food	positive
the fountain was badly stained , the bench in front of it as well .	fountain	negative
the fountain was badly stained , the bench in front of it as well .	bench	negative
best auto repair shop experience i have ever had .	auto repair shop	positive
i went back and the watch was gone .	watch	negative
certainly one of my favorite places to dine in scottsdale .	places	positive
the best customer service experience i have ever had .	customer service	positive
great prices and great services .	prices	positive
great prices and great services .	services	positive
chicken fried rice , cream cheese puffs , and a sprite .	chicken fried rice	positive
chicken fried rice , cream cheese puffs , and a sprite .	cream cheese puffs	positive
chicken fried rice , cream cheese puffs , and a sprite .	sprite	positive
pretty large portions , really good barbeque sauce , and good chicken .	portions	positive
pretty large portions , really good barbeque sauce , and good chicken .	barbeque sauce	positive
pretty large portions , really good barbeque sauce , and good chicken .	chicken	positive
this location is nice .	location	positive
this place is way cool !	place	positive
car wash takes money but out of service .	car wash	negative
had a wonderful experience with my consultant victoria .	consultant victoria	positive
comfortable beds .	beds	positive
local produce , organic offerings and reasonably priced vitamins and supplements .	produce	positive
local produce , organic offerings and reasonably priced vitamins and supplements .	organic offerings	positive
local produce , organic offerings and reasonably priced vitamins and supplements .	vitamins	positive
local produce , organic offerings and reasonably priced vitamins and supplements .	supplements	positive
fist clue should have been that the fish was in a perfect square !	fish	positive
best manicure i 've ever had !	manicure	positive
the prime rib was excellent .	prime rib	positive
we walked in and were hit with the dated decor and peeling wallpaper .	decor	negative
we walked in and were hit with the dated decor and peeling wallpaper .	wallpaper	negative
amazing , a full service gas station in the center of scottsdale .	gas station	positive
anyway , our food came out also fairly quickly .	food	positive
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .	brunch	positive
love this restaurant !	restaurant	positive
super nice guys !	guys	positive
i asked for it , but they still came out in this weird sauce .	sauce	negative
fun place on a wednesday , yet laid back and relaxed .	place	positive
it is delicious food for an amazing value .	food	positive
it is delicious food for an amazing value .	value	positive
i would definitely recommend this business !	business	positive
food is good but service is lacking .	food	positive
food is good but service is lacking .	service	negative
stadium is awesome , clean and exciting !	stadium	positive
he is a very compassionate doctor and a pleasure to work with .	doctor	positive
great customer service and wide variety of cigars .	customer service	positive
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .	staff	positive
will become a regular spot of ours for sure .	spot	positive
you can purchase any bottle there and enjoy it in the cellar .	bottle	positive
my son loves this school and is enjoying learning .	school	positive
and very nice staff .	staff	positive
the house hot tea is delicious as well .	house hot tea	positive
steak was fantastic as usual .	steak	positive
which isnt to say its the servers fault .	servers	negative
great service .	service	positive
this is the best pei wei establishment by far !	pei wei establishment	positive
the service was great .	service	positive
no salt or pepper , nothing .	salt or pepper	negative
this place is amazing !	place	positive
yes it is not the fanciest property but the staff is prompt and pleasant .	property	negative
yes it is not the fanciest property but the staff is prompt and pleasant .	staff	positive
they came back and replaced parts , but it was still not right .	parts	negative
nice employees , fast service .	employees	positive
nice employees , fast service .	service	positive
they served us huevos rancheros with burnt fries dried up cheese .	huevos rancheros with burnt fries dried up cheese	negative
unfortunately , management needs an attitude adjustment .	management	negative
( okay not confident in your product knowledge ) .	product	negative
very rude front desk clerk .	front desk clerk	negative
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	grimaldi	positive
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	pizza	positive
good service !	service	positive
i really like this place , for numerous reasons .	place	positive
perfect place to go on a hot summer day .	place	positive
great happy hour .	happy	positive
that 's customer service !	customer service	positive
the bartenders are great , and the drinks are good .	bartenders	positive
the bartenders are great , and the drinks are good .	drinks	positive
place the order at _num_ , got it at _num_ .	order	positive
this place is classic scottsdale .	place	positive
this place is classic scottsdale .	scottsdale	positive
we 've ordered their side salad and two people can definitely share .	side salad	positive
the selection at this particular nordstrom is very wide .	selection	positive
the selection at this particular nordstrom is very wide .	nordstrom	positive
worst service ever !	service	negative
i need a filling , i get a filling .	filling	positive
_num_ minutes to get a drink and then _num_ min .	drink	positive
the selection of beer is fantastic !	selection of beer	positive
we did n't like any of these dishes we tried .	dishes	negative
not the best service i 've ever had .	service	negative
love this place .	place	positive
its empty for a reason and the employees seem careless .	employees	negative
if you live old school charm and cooking then i highly recommend .	cooking	positive
i 'm happy to wait a bit for delicious food .	food	positive
see his review for the coffee cove !	coffee cove	positive
we both chose sundaes and were very pleased .	sundaes	positive
great place , first visit .	place	positive
good carne adovada which is one of my favorites .	carne adovada	positive
a fun , upscale clientele in beautiful surroundings .	surroundings	positive
did not get bread until main course and several requests .	bread	negative
did not get bread until main course and several requests .	main course	negative
whole families came dressed in period costumes .	period costumes	positive
phil 's cool too .	phil	positive
overall , kinda pricey , but i love this place !	place	positive
the food is good and the prices are good .	food	positive
the food is good and the prices are good .	prices	positive
our waitress was super nice and i appreciated her good service .	waitress	positive
our waitress was super nice and i appreciated her good service .	service	positive
hands down the best green chili pork i 've ever had .	green chili pork	positive
i love home depot .	home depot	positive
on top of this , the wine selections were awful .	wine selections	negative
the lobster on the other hand could only be described as disgusting .	lobster	negative
the customer service is wonderful with real people .	customer service	positive
border bowl with a fresh tortilla .	fresh tortilla	positive
this place is a hidden gem .	place	positive
and when the patio isnt packed its a good spot to hang at .	patio	negative
and when the patio isnt packed its a good spot to hang at .	spot	negative
i will only come here for a band i just can not miss .	band	positive
everything was perfect , from the ambiance to the wine .	ambiance	positive
everything was perfect , from the ambiance to the wine .	wine	positive
service was friendly , timely , and personal .	service	positive
he told me to come right over they had plenty of rooms available .	rooms	positive
the coffee and food is exactly what you would expect from starbucks , though .	coffee	positive
the coffee and food is exactly what you would expect from starbucks , though .	food	positive
very happy with the service .	service	positive
ron is still the greatest .	ron	positive
they make their own brownies which is delicious .	brownies	positive
on its best day this place is mediocre .	place	negative
great atmosphere and crowd .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and crowd .	crowd	positive
they no longer bake their own bread .	bread	negative
everyone loved the food !	food	positive
side note : they have a generous gluten-free selection .	gluten-free selection	positive
i had to go to the dr. never going again.	dr.	negative
food is good , its more about the ambiance of this place .	food	positive
food is good , its more about the ambiance of this place .	ambiance	positive
take your money elsewhere .	money	negative
your in for a treat here !	treat	positive
er staff was just awful !	staff	negative
first timer and i had a blast !	timer	positive
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	food	negative
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	freezer section	negative
lots of dry cheese on top , my daughter would n't eat it .	dry cheese	negative
we love this place !	place	positive
some of the best customer service i 've ever experienced .	customer service	positive
the staff , save one lone individual , are atrocious .	staff	negative
old school country music with great drink prices !	drink prices	positive
parking is just dumb .	parking	negative
i highly recommend them over going to the gas station or any local dealership .	gas station	positive
i highly recommend them over going to the gas station or any local dealership .	dealership	positive
who i talked to did not even mention that the kitchen was under construction .	kitchen	negative
i it 's easy , and fun , and super low maintenance .	maintenance	positive
very rich , maybe order the half portion and try something else .	half portion	positive
otherwise , it was pretty bland stuff .	stuff	negative
first time here and food was very , very good ... .	food	positive
live the service and quality of products .	service	positive
live the service and quality of products .	quality of products	positive
lunch here often , good food , friendly staff , no complaints !	lunch	positive
lunch here often , good food , friendly staff , no complaints !	food	positive
lunch here often , good food , friendly staff , no complaints !	staff	positive
we were very happy with raintree .	raintree	positive
many animals to look at up close and personal .	animals	positive
such a nice great cozy atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i have been here several times and the food is always awesome .	food	positive
creamed spinach is a must , and for dessert ruth 's famous bread pudding .	creamed spinach	positive
creamed spinach is a must , and for dessert ruth 's famous bread pudding .	bread pudding	positive
i am also impressed with their nail polish selection !	nail polish selection	positive
did you know that malee 's on main offers cooking classes !	cooking classes	positive
truly impressed by this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
food is great and you can beat complimentary chips and fire roasted salsa !	food	positive
food is great and you can beat complimentary chips and fire roasted salsa !	chips	positive
food is great and you can beat complimentary chips and fire roasted salsa !	fire roasted salsa	positive
quality control needs work at this place , we wont be going back .	quality control	negative
first time here for the shot gun range .	shot gun range	positive
this is a good restaurant .	restaurant	positive
both times the food was delicious .	food	positive
baseline price when you purchase a ticket is around $ _num_ .	price	negative
baseline price when you purchase a ticket is around $ _num_ .	ticket	negative
lobster enchiladas and anything beef is delicious too .	lobster enchiladas	positive
lobster enchiladas and anything beef is delicious too .	beef	positive
scottsdale plaza resort is always beautifully maintained and immaculate .	plaza resort	positive
fresh tortillas are made in front of your eyes and delivered to your mouth .	fresh tortillas	positive
the perfect location for lunch or brunch in my opinion .	location	positive
the perfect location for lunch or brunch in my opinion .	lunch	positive
our kids love the butter noodles .	butter noodles	positive
we had the _num_ course tasting and it was the perfect amount of food .	food	positive
the weather is amazing and the patio is divine .	weather	positive
the weather is amazing and the patio is divine .	patio	positive
avoid this location !	location	negative
always hot yummy food .	food	positive
delicious , savory food .	food	positive
every kind of korean food .	korean food	positive
love this place !	place	positive
a pleasure to shop at this location .	location	positive
but also the experience that made the whole process a time we 'll remember .	process	positive
customer service is horrible .	customer service	negative
my meal was great .	meal	positive
we were in the second row and the audio was terrible .	audio	negative
the staff is super unfriendly unless they know you .	staff	negative
still one of the best bars in old town .	bars	positive
the front desk staff was top notch as well !	front desk staff	positive
poor customer service and car experience .	customer service	negative
poor customer service and car experience .	car	negative
be patient when it 's bird season ... it gets crazy !	bird	negative
i recommend trying the chicken wings , they are huge and delicious .	chicken wings	positive
excellent service and helped me pick out several pieces for the house .	service	positive
excellent service and helped me pick out several pieces for the house .	house	positive
extremely rude employees and average food .	employees	negative
extremely rude employees and average food .	food	negative
my pasta was excellent , creamy and really good .	pasta	positive
love this place !	place	positive
mexican girl refused to serve us as she stated she did n't have too .	mexican girl	negative
they have the best grilled cheese in the world .	grilled cheese	positive
the place is a complete scam .	place	negative
next our orange chicken came out about ten minutes later and it was disgusting .	orange chicken	negative
best view !	view	positive
horrible place to karaoke and food.	place	negative
horrible place to karaoke and food.	food.	negative
have been here twice now and the service was excellent and food delicious !	service	positive
have been here twice now and the service was excellent and food delicious !	food	positive
the espresso is nicely priced at $ _num_ for a single shot .	espresso	positive
the espresso is nicely priced at $ _num_ for a single shot .	priced	positive
there was a great event i attended recently but sound system was awful .	sound system	negative
terrible customer service .	customer service	negative
my hot fudge and caramel sundae was delicious .	hot fudge and caramel sundae	positive
the new management team is horrible !	management team	negative
happy to have found an auto shop i can trust !	auto shop	positive
they told me that there system could not do that .	system	negative
no lettuce , pico , nothing but chicken .	lettuce , pico	negative
no lettuce , pico , nothing but chicken .	chicken	negative
this is too close to my house so i 'll be back .	house	negative
the staff was beyond wonderful and incredibly knowledgeable about the courses and wine selections .	staff	positive
the staff was beyond wonderful and incredibly knowledgeable about the courses and wine selections .	courses	positive
the staff was beyond wonderful and incredibly knowledgeable about the courses and wine selections .	wine selections	positive
this is my favorite store !	store	positive
the price was also very reasonable .	price	positive
mac and cheese , same deal .	mac	positive
the salads are delicious as well !	salads	positive
i wanted to add , sammy the bartender is great too !	bartender	positive
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	food	positive
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	prices on wings	positive
really good pizza .	pizza	positive
the chopped liver appetizer is great -- plus all the other appetizers .	chopped liver appetizer	positive
the chopped liver appetizer is great -- plus all the other appetizers .	appetizers	positive
gorgeous location looking out over the city -- what 's not to love ?	location	positive
fantastic customer service .	customer service	positive
tried this place as friends who are local chandeliers recommended it .	chandeliers	positive
awesome place .	place	positive
the double baked potato was dry and bland .	double baked potato	negative
drinks are expensive , but i expected that .	drinks	negative
the salsas are wonderful .	salsas	positive
love time old town vibe .	vibe	positive
and the service was very attentive .	service	positive
, the pieces would n't have come out soggy .	pieces	negative
this location sucks .	location	negative
the carnitas , however , was dry and fatty .	carnitas	negative
sure enough , sign is down and space is completely empty .	sign	negative
sure enough , sign is down and space is completely empty .	space	negative
ordered _num_ sushi dishes and a round of drinks .	sushi dishes	positive
ordered _num_ sushi dishes and a round of drinks .	round of drinks	positive
the food is amazing .	food	positive
the woman takes my number , and says she 'll have somebody call me .	woman	positive
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !	vehicles	positive
best french toast i 've ever had hands down .	french toast	positive
the place is quite and the waitstaff is laid back , but friendly .	place	positive
the place is quite and the waitstaff is laid back , but friendly .	waitstaff	positive
this is a nice place .	place	positive
horrible customer service !	customer service	negative
one of my favorite bars .	bars	positive
food was good , nothing special but satisfying .	food	positive
good price .	price	positive
taste of food - it was really bad .	taste of food	negative
the complex is beautiful and so is our apartment !	complex	positive
the complex is beautiful and so is our apartment !	apartment	positive
top notch sushi at an amazing price .	sushi	positive
top notch sushi at an amazing price .	price	positive
great service and the ambiance on the patio was just the best !	service	positive
great service and the ambiance on the patio was just the best !	ambiance on the patio	positive
beautiful facility , and the friendliest staff you will ever meet !	facility	positive
beautiful facility , and the friendliest staff you will ever meet !	staff	positive
i ordered the habanero burger and it really lit me up .	habanero burger	positive
this is certainly my type of place .	place	positive
problems dragged on for _num_ months before the bike is finally working again .	bike	negative
false advertisement .	advertisement	negative
great happy hour !	happy hour	positive
i love this bar .	bar	positive
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	beer	positive
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	food	negative
great hole in the wall next to firehouse subs !	firehouse subs	positive
the car did not look any different than a regular car wash .	car	negative
the car did not look any different than a regular car wash .	car wash	negative
nice and clean pawn shop with friendly staff .	pawn shop	positive
nice and clean pawn shop with friendly staff .	staff	positive
the store was nice and cool ( important when it 's _num_ outside ) .	store	positive
they have plenty of good beers to choose from and the food is alright .	beers	positive
they have plenty of good beers to choose from and the food is alright .	food	positive
great service .	service	positive
we love this pizza !	pizza	positive
they now charge for debit card fee !	debit card fee	negative
the workers are so rude .	workers	negative
so you ca n't get a pizza until 5:30 .	pizza	negative
great place to go anytime of day .	place	positive
she did not like the french dip at all .	french dip	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
getting a refill was not easy .	refill	negative
why didnt you tell my wife this _num_ mins before ?	_num_	negative
the portions are great for the price and the ingredients are good quality .	portions	positive
the portions are great for the price and the ingredients are good quality .	price	positive
the portions are great for the price and the ingredients are good quality .	ingredients	positive
the portions are great for the price and the ingredients are good quality .	quality	positive
give me _num_ % off the meal and i 'll be happy .	meal	positive
i 've always loved this place and the chips and salsa are awesome !	place	positive
i 've always loved this place and the chips and salsa are awesome !	chips	positive
i 've always loved this place and the chips and salsa are awesome !	salsa	positive
thanks , barro 's !	barro	positive
$ _num_ dollars for a standard oil change ?	standard oil change	positive
i had the ribeye and it was excellent !	ribeye	positive
the office is clean and staff is knowledgeable .	office	positive
the office is clean and staff is knowledgeable .	staff	positive
i come back , the bike 's in the same state .	bike	negative
only domestic beer but still pretty good .	domestic beer	positive
a few hours after leaving here i was rushed to the er .	er	negative
this place is wonderful .	place	positive
i was particularly impressed by the produce department .	produce department	positive
smart choice is the perfect name for this place !	place	positive
they had no clue about their merchandise .	merchandise	negative
i have finally found my official esthetician .	esthetician	positive
the screen was much bigger than the factory screen and was higher quality .	screen	positive
the screen was much bigger than the factory screen and was higher quality .	screen	positive
highly recommend coming here for fights and sports !	fights	positive
highly recommend coming here for fights and sports !	sports	positive
the gal said no to this request .	gal	negative
the whole student services department was wiped out .	student services department	negative
both are supreme dishes and prepared to perfection .	dishes	positive
this is very solid thai food - delicious , creative and memorable .	thai food	positive
our salad was missing a couple ingredients , the cucumbers and peppers .	salad	negative
our salad was missing a couple ingredients , the cucumbers and peppers .	ingredients	negative
our salad was missing a couple ingredients , the cucumbers and peppers .	cucumbers	negative
chips are also good .	chips	positive
been coming here for years ... need that clean loving country grandma feel back .	country	positive
their service was impeccable !	service	positive
salads were fresh , appetizers very tasty .	salads	positive
salads were fresh , appetizers very tasty .	appetizers	positive
dan , chris and sean !	dan	positive
fresh baked bread to start !	bread	positive
tried a chile verde breakfast burrito with potatoes and scrambled eggs and refried beans .	chile verde breakfast burrito with potatoes	positive
tried a chile verde breakfast burrito with potatoes and scrambled eggs and refried beans .	scrambled eggs	positive
tried a chile verde breakfast burrito with potatoes and scrambled eggs and refried beans .	refried beans	positive
the staff is always great too .	staff	positive
very friendly people .	people	positive
everything was very tasty and portioned well enough to share !	portioned	positive
its a flat tire !	tire	positive
i walked in around _num_ or so and the workers jumped up .	workers	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
friendly staff and satisfied customers .	staff	positive
friendly staff and satisfied customers .	customers	positive
the restaurant is only open for breakfasts .	breakfasts	positive
worst place ever .	place	negative
decent jack in the box .	jack in the box	positive
too bad his front office person ruined it .	front office person	negative
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !	burger	positive
frequent often and have enjoyed the munchies .	munchies	positive
fast service and very fresh .	service	positive
they had the best price .	price	positive
i 'm sure glad i found baker wee !	baker wee	positive
the atmosphere is great , especially on a warm night .	atmosphere	positive
food was typical bar food only worse .	food	negative
food was typical bar food only worse .	bar food	negative
great restaurant , great service .	restaurant	positive
great restaurant , great service .	service	positive
there 's something about drift that i really like .	drift	positive
the atmosphere was fun , too .	atmosphere	positive
i literally love noble nails .	nails	positive
terrible selection , but the price point was fine .	selection	negative
terrible selection , but the price point was fine .	price point	positive
the food has been mostly great .	food	positive
this is one of the best breakfast joints in phoenix .	breakfast joints	positive
he 's a great doctor and all our experiences with him have been positive .	doctor	positive
love this place !	place	positive
two nights and two spa packages made for an incredible two day break .	spa packages	positive
rick is very professional , honest , knowledgeable and quick .	rick	positive
good dive bar .	dive bar	positive
nice place , friendly staff .	place	positive
nice place , friendly staff .	staff	positive
the front desk crew is not very welcoming or very nice .	front desk crew	negative
and the air conditioning stopped working at night making it extremely hot .	air conditioning	negative
sara is the best !	sara	positive
so much so that i could too easily hear their conversations .	conversations	negative
my daughter had two teeth pulled and she was very well taken care of .	daughter	positive
went here because of its high rating , but was disappointed .	rating	negative
the food is great and consistently good every single time .	food	positive
pizza is always good and the service is outstanding .	pizza	positive
pizza is always good and the service is outstanding .	service	positive
it was good once i removed the thick onion slice and the pepper .	onion slice	positive
it was good once i removed the thick onion slice and the pepper .	pepper	positive
oh yeah , good size parking lot to accomodate all of those customers .	parking lot	positive
salsa was good .	salsa	positive
very nice marriott property .	marriott property	positive
he really liked his meal !	meal	positive
the green curry is my favorite .	green curry	positive
all four of our group had different dinners and all were happy .	dinners	positive
_num_ stars for the tortillas .	the tortillas	positive
i 'll never go back and deal with this shady place .	place	negative
i highly recommend dr .	dr	positive
extremely disappointed by the round we played at this course .	round	negative
extremely disappointed by the round we played at this course .	course	negative
the shrimp had no flavor along with the chicken and meat .	shrimp	negative
the shrimp had no flavor along with the chicken and meat .	chicken	negative
the shrimp had no flavor along with the chicken and meat .	meat	negative
the bed was quite comfy as were the pillows , so that was great .	bed	positive
the bed was quite comfy as were the pillows , so that was great .	pillows	positive
fabulous service !	service	positive
there was no compensation for the late service or missing orders .	service	negative
_num_ or _num_ people are at the bar .	people	positive
_num_ or _num_ people are at the bar .	bar	positive
these guys are terrible i dont recommend them .	guys	negative
the pineapple wontons with pineapple sauce - great !	pineapple wontons with pineapple sauce	positive
the pizza has always been pretty good at rays .	pizza	positive
we have been in several locations and they have been great .	locations	positive
beautiful property with gorgeous views .	property	positive
beautiful property with gorgeous views .	views	positive
not being rude here it just was reminiscent of the frozen garlic bread .	garlic bread	negative
clean place .	place	positive
fun place for a lively group dinner .	group dinner	positive
very impressed with the large selection of fabric .	selection of fabric	positive
kids are welcome to join in the fun .	kids	positive
the wonton soup is great and the ingredients in it are fresh .	wonton soup	positive
the wonton soup is great and the ingredients in it are fresh .	ingredients	positive
it came with rice , crab puff and an egg roll .	rice , crab puff	positive
it came with rice , crab puff and an egg roll .	egg roll	positive
service has always been prompt and friendly .	service	positive
they also have delicious local breads and candies .	local breads	positive
they also have delicious local breads and candies .	candies	positive
i selected the pacific bay clam chowder and took it home .	pacific bay clam chowder	positive
the guys were friendly , and got me booked in quickly .	guys	positive
plus they have some of the best specials and they last almost all night !	specials	positive
the inventory here sucks .	inventory	negative
brooke helped us out and she was amazing .	brooke	positive
great brands and nice staff .	brands	positive
great brands and nice staff .	staff	positive
this place is terrible !	place	negative
great crust , pick your own toppings , great service , great atmosphere .	crust	positive
great crust , pick your own toppings , great service , great atmosphere .	toppings	positive
great crust , pick your own toppings , great service , great atmosphere .	service	positive
great crust , pick your own toppings , great service , great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
onions , green chilies , and two cheeses .	onions	positive
onions , green chilies , and two cheeses .	green chilies	positive
onions , green chilies , and two cheeses .	cheeses	positive
love santisi 's , the best wings and garlic cheese bread in the valley .	santisi	positive
love santisi 's , the best wings and garlic cheese bread in the valley .	wings	positive
love santisi 's , the best wings and garlic cheese bread in the valley .	garlic cheese bread	positive
if you 're in the area i recommend you make a stop in !	area	positive
great pizza too !	pizza	positive
the avocado egg rolls were filled w/ just avocado , and no seasoning .	avocado egg rolls	negative
the avocado egg rolls were filled w/ just avocado , and no seasoning .	avocado	negative
the avocado egg rolls were filled w/ just avocado , and no seasoning .	seasoning	negative
i felt the pedicure was rushed and i could n't really enjoy it .	pedicure	negative
food is always decent , fair prices , and pretty good service .	food	positive
food is always decent , fair prices , and pretty good service .	prices	positive
food is always decent , fair prices , and pretty good service .	service	positive
they refused my cash and services .	cash	negative
they refused my cash and services .	services	negative
nothing special about this place .	place	negative
we would n't recommend going to this location .	location	negative
they sell them for the same price , because supposedly they are tested .	price	negative
the food and service were excellent .	food	positive
the food and service were excellent .	service	positive
at least then i 'd get some bang for the _num_ bucks .	_num_ bucks	positive
enjoyed our lunch here today .	lunch	positive
the food is nothing to write home about .	food	negative
the sauce was more of a bland paste than a sauce .	sauce	negative
the sauce was more of a bland paste than a sauce .	sauce	negative
the pizza is definitely tasty - nothing frozen here .	pizza	positive
do n't waste your money here .	money	positive
the surgeon said that he would tell the corporation that i was n't happy .	surgeon	negative
the flavor of the meat was n't too bad though .	flavor	negative
the flavor of the meat was n't too bad though .	meat	negative
when in scottsdale , might as well go to nordstrom rack .	nordstrom rack	positive
a great thank you goes out to the staff here .	staff	positive
everyone there was extremely friendly , welcoming and definitely made our experience wonderful .	everyone	positive
no credit courtesy at all .	credit	negative
the server was friendly and fast .	server	positive
very good fresh breakfast many healthy items to choose from .	items	positive
friendly , competent staff .	staff	positive
the _num_ goes straight there from slices .	_num_	negative
we enjoyed the cute shop and restaurant duo as the ambiance .	shop	positive
we enjoyed the cute shop and restaurant duo as the ambiance .	ambiance	positive
vinny the owner is a very sweet guy .	owner	positive
our water glasses were not refilled .	water glasses	negative
the crackers were one variety of the most generic kind .	crackers	negative
the food was just amazing !	food	positive
love love love kyoto lunch !	kyoto lunch	positive
the place was clean , and the receptionists were really nice .	place	positive
the place was clean , and the receptionists were really nice .	receptionists	positive
the seafood is amazing .	seafood	positive
there is no wait for the men 's room , none .	wait	positive
there is no wait for the men 's room , none .	men 's room	positive
homemade tortillas are so good !	homemade tortillas	positive
worst service ever .	service	negative
i cook better indian food at home .	indian food	positive
got a fabulous new haircut from dustin !	haircut	positive
the new owners do n't seem to have a clue .	owners	negative
at least the food was n't as underwhelming as the service .	food	negative
at least the food was n't as underwhelming as the service .	service	negative
about _num_ minutes later his spaghetti comes out and the sauce was like water .	spaghetti	positive
about _num_ minutes later his spaghetti comes out and the sauce was like water .	sauce	negative
i love winning their little games and getting coupons .	games	positive
i love winning their little games and getting coupons .	coupons	positive
we ordered the `` monster , '' and the toppings were excellent .	monster	positive
we ordered the `` monster , '' and the toppings were excellent .	toppings	positive
tables covered with vinyl .	tables	negative
what an amazing stylist i have .	stylist	positive
good vibe , interesting mix of people .	vibe	positive
nice patio and happy hour too .	patio	positive
great guy .	guy	positive
delicious falafel with tons of veggies !	falafel	positive
delicious falafel with tons of veggies !	veggies	positive
my client told me about this place not to long ago .	client	positive
food was very good , as was the service .	food	positive
food was very good , as was the service .	service	positive
have your dog groomed by someone who loves dogs .	dog	positive
have your dog groomed by someone who loves dogs .	dogs	positive
$ _num_ for one taco .	taco	positive
pizza with tomatoes and spinach sounded awesome .	pizza with tomatoes	positive
pizza with tomatoes and spinach sounded awesome .	spinach	positive
waited _num_ minutes for them to even clean a dirty table .	table	negative
delicious kung pao chicken !	kung pao chicken	positive
from the moment we arrived , the staff was incredibly friendly .	staff	positive
thanks for explaining the app and making our experience great !	app	positive
maintenance is quick and does a great job .	maintenance	positive
food is wonderful , atmosphere nice .	food	positive
food is wonderful , atmosphere nice .	atmosphere	positive
sauce was spicy and unlike any steak i was ever served .	sauce	negative
sauce was spicy and unlike any steak i was ever served .	steak	negative
the food was delicious and the service was prompt .	food	positive
the food was delicious and the service was prompt .	service	positive
they bake their bread fresh everyday and it melts in your mouth .	bread	positive
great music .	music	positive
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	salon	positive
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	angel	positive
the really great part about this hotel is the staff .	staff	positive
will be on my regular rotation of mexican joints !	mexican joints	positive
this is a local dive bar with great bar food .	bar food	positive
service was very good .	service	positive
this is a great place to eat .	place	positive
it is a higher price joint but well worth it !	price joint	negative
i 'm better off doing a box color .	box color	positive
great price , great food , nice staff.	price	positive
great price , great food , nice staff.	food	positive
great price , great food , nice staff.	staff.	positive
they have delicious yet healthy options for breakfast , brunch , and lunch .	breakfast	positive
they have delicious yet healthy options for breakfast , brunch , and lunch .	brunch	positive
they have delicious yet healthy options for breakfast , brunch , and lunch .	lunch	positive
great service and excellent wine selection !	service	positive
great service and excellent wine selection !	wine selection	positive
my girlfriend had a wrap which tasted fresh and tasty .	wrap	positive
yes they have good brews but the atmosphere is not the same .	brews	positive
yes they have good brews but the atmosphere is not the same .	atmosphere	negative
hot and sour soup was spicy hot and very good .	sour soup	positive
hot and sour soup was spicy hot and very good .	spicy	positive
the employees are all very friendly and helpful .	employees	positive
the call was placed for delivery ... a large pizza and _num_ dozen wings .	pizza	positive
a seafood place that does n't serve sourdough ?	seafood place	negative
a seafood place that does n't serve sourdough ?	sourdough	negative
visited this gym from out of town and loved it .	gym	positive
the one good thing about this bar was the cheap beers .	bar	positive
the one good thing about this bar was the cheap beers .	beers	positive
i would not recommend the restaurant .	restaurant	negative
the class was supposed to be _num_ min long .	class	negative
my corned beef has was perfect and i ate all of it !	corned beef	positive
the food is just that good .	food	positive
the staff was friendly and the chips and salsa were great .	staff	positive
the staff was friendly and the chips and salsa were great .	chips	positive
the staff was friendly and the chips and salsa were great .	salsa	positive
to sum up , tiramisu is unwelcoming , hot and loud .	tiramisu	negative
customer for life !	customer	positive
we took a piece of cheesecake home and it was awful !	cheesecake	negative
the place is simply adorable .	place	positive
i mean how do u mess up a pizza .	pizza	negative
my food would have been cold if i was polite enough to wait .	food	negative
the service was pretty bland , nothing special .	service	negative
it 's all about your particular needs and what fits into your budget .	budget	positive
i could have made that salad in _num_ minutes tops .	salad	positive
sunday breakfast on the patio was great .	breakfast	positive
the service was outstanding as well .	service	positive
the owners are great and everyone is so personable and friendly !	owners	positive
but honestly the food is n't that good .	food	negative
we were very disappointed with the exotic mushroom and lamb chops .	exotic mushroom	negative
we were very disappointed with the exotic mushroom and lamb chops .	lamb chops	negative
the burgers are amazing !	burgers	positive
our table tried a variety of menu items and everyone enjoyed their meal .	table	positive
our table tried a variety of menu items and everyone enjoyed their meal .	menu items	positive
our table tried a variety of menu items and everyone enjoyed their meal .	meal	positive
we wo n't even consider buying anything from this place !	place	negative
i have been so happy with prestige !	prestige	positive
customer service is clearly a priority to everyone .	customer service	positive
highly recommend east valley tire .	east	positive
highly recommend east valley tire .	tire	positive
one downside is price , it is expensive , but worth it !	price	negative
dessert was great , and the meats were cooked to temperature .	dessert	positive
dessert was great , and the meats were cooked to temperature .	meats	positive
price points are on the high side .	price points	negative
thank you , nordstrom 's .	nordstrom	positive
i told our waiter he better go fill a few pitchers to go .	waiter	negative
i told our waiter he better go fill a few pitchers to go .	pitchers	negative
i love frank and lupe 's .	lupe	positive
this was my first attempt at a sushi restaraunt .	sushi	positive
no other place in tempe seems to have such a stupid policy .	place	positive
no other place in tempe seems to have such a stupid policy .	policy	negative
the quesadilla was amazing , i wish i ordered _num_ more for my entree !	quesadilla	positive
the quesadilla was amazing , i wish i ordered _num_ more for my entree !	entree	positive
what a cool restaurant .	restaurant	positive
friendly , knowledgable service .	service	positive
this place is a gem .	place	positive
i highly recommend even a drink at the bar at sunset !	drink	positive
i highly recommend even a drink at the bar at sunset !	bar	positive
the employee was very friendly and attentive .	employee	positive
at least the fries were fresh and did n't taste of yesterday 's oil .	fries	positive
at least the fries were fresh and did n't taste of yesterday 's oil .	oil	negative
overall very disappointing for a place that use to be great .	place	negative
found this store online and made a trip while going to scottsdale .	store	positive
the place is dead as fuck .	place	negative
the food always has depth .	food	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .	chicken parmesan	positive
just one degree below the food- which was horrible .	food-	negative
great environment for a date night or family dinner .	environment	positive
great environment for a date night or family dinner .	family dinner	positive
best salon , & full beauty studio !	salon	positive
best salon , & full beauty studio !	beauty studio	positive
kyoto is now one of my favorite restaurants .	kyoto	positive
horrible dry and bad smelling burgers .	burgers	negative
their gift shop is most interesting !	gift shop	positive
looking for a great local dive bar !	dive bar	positive
i like their clothes , they are pretty good quality .	clothes	positive
i like their clothes , they are pretty good quality .	quality	positive
came here for lunch with the family .	lunch	positive
really nice theater .	theater	positive
we ordered the green mary lou appetizer which was very good .	green mary lou appetizer	positive
everything went smooth and our dogs seemed happy upon our return .	dogs	positive
these are the best donuts .	donuts	positive
the big sign out front says $ _num_ .	sign	positive
i love there food .	food	positive
cheese and butter make an awful combo .	cheese	negative
cheese and butter make an awful combo .	butter	negative
well run property management company .	property management	positive
the wine list is extensive with lots of unique choices .	wine list	positive
charles is great !	charles	positive
they 're always straight up and try and give me the best deal possible .	deal	positive
we always have a good breakfast here and we go on a regular basis .	breakfast	positive
best carne asada plate !	carne asada plate	positive
this food is hot garbage wrapped in tortillas .	food	negative
anyway i should have just left after the change machine too my money .	change machine	negative
anyway i should have just left after the change machine too my money .	money	negative
i sent this back and the waitress just took it and walked off .	waitress	negative
good food .	food	positive
the staff is friendly , the shop is clean and very modern .	staff	positive
the staff is friendly , the shop is clean and very modern .	shop	positive
my favorite place for nails !	place	positive
green salsa is soooo good !	green salsa	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
super service !	service	positive
i love the honesty of the techs here .	techs	positive
i usually choose pizza hut among other competitors but not after this experience .	pizza hut	positive
very friendly staff that goes above and beyond to meet your needs .	staff	positive
there were places that looked like they had n't ever been cleaned .	places	negative
the best prices makes it even better !	prices	positive
their sizzling rice soup is amazing !	sizzling rice soup	positive
fast service , huge portions and good prices .	service	positive
fast service , huge portions and good prices .	portions	positive
fast service , huge portions and good prices .	prices	positive
it was my favorite restaurant in all of phoenix .	restaurant	positive
we picked up our keys after dropping off all of our move in money .	keys	positive
we picked up our keys after dropping off all of our move in money .	money	positive
they came out with _num_ small containers of hot mustard , which i love .	containers of hot mustard	positive
the doctors are great .	doctors	positive
unfortunately there was confusion with my reservation .	reservation	negative
and what a treat .	treat	positive
great price , nice ambiance , and delicious food .	price	positive
great price , nice ambiance , and delicious food .	ambiance	positive
great price , nice ambiance , and delicious food .	food	positive
this is one of the best emergency rooms i have ever been treated .	emergency rooms	positive
the rewards program is great , especially if you 're getting major service done .	rewards program	positive
the rewards program is great , especially if you 're getting major service done .	service	positive
delicious baked omlette .	baked omlette	positive
worse customer service ever !	customer service	negative
this breakfast was well worth the _num_ minute wait for a table .	breakfast	positive
this breakfast was well worth the _num_ minute wait for a table .	wait	positive
this breakfast was well worth the _num_ minute wait for a table .	table	positive
best service and quality work .	service	positive
best service and quality work .	work	positive
the service was excellent !	service	positive
split tongue , etc .	split tongue	positive
great place for water and the smoothies are the best !	place	positive
great place for water and the smoothies are the best !	water	positive
great place for water and the smoothies are the best !	smoothies	positive
and the marinara sauce is way too sweet for my liking .	marinara sauce	negative
their bacon was perfectly crispy .	bacon	positive
now that is terrible costumer service .	costumer service	negative
great filet .	filet	positive
our dinners were just as delicious .	dinners	positive
great place to hear a band !	band	positive
greens were slow and course was overall in mediocre shape .	greens	negative
greens were slow and course was overall in mediocre shape .	course	negative
for the price , the wine is n't bad .	price	positive
for the price , the wine is n't bad .	wine	positive
it was a beautiful setting .	setting	positive
terrific store .	store	positive
the service was wonderful .	service	positive
good biscuits and gravy and pretty good omelettes .	biscuits	positive
good biscuits and gravy and pretty good omelettes .	omelettes	positive
heavily disappointed when me and my friends went there for lunch .	lunch	negative
great service , great coffee , great start to the day .	service	positive
great service , great coffee , great start to the day .	coffee	positive
makes me wonder if the lost business was worth going home _num_ minutes early .	business	negative
the wait staff knows nothing about wine .	wait staff	negative
the wait staff knows nothing about wine .	wine	negative
nice clean store , good tea !	store	positive
nice clean store , good tea !	tea	positive
complained to manger , he did nothing except correct the check .	check	negative
hot sauce was neither hot nor saucy .	hot sauce	negative
absolutely stunning beauty .	beauty	positive
no bueno .	bueno	negative
dumplings were good .	dumplings	positive
i had a quesadilla with veggies and it was fantastic .	quesadilla with veggies	positive
go in ... the food is really good at a reasonable price .	food	positive
go in ... the food is really good at a reasonable price .	price	positive
it is better than even oregano 's !	oregano	positive
we have had to return poorly pressed items multiple times .	items	negative
fyi , free work is usually cheap work .	work	positive
the food was outstanding .	food	positive
keep up the great job kyoto japanese restaurant .	kyoto japanese	positive
great dive bar !	dive bar	positive
this place is really good and great customer service !	customer service	positive
same staff , same menu and same amazing service .	staff	positive
same staff , same menu and same amazing service .	menu	positive
same staff , same menu and same amazing service .	service	positive
they have a ton of spicy food selections that i love .	spicy food selections	positive
i also ordered the plain cheese crisp .	plain cheese crisp	positive
wings are well prepared and delish .	wings	positive
great food and do a mean miso soup if u go for the sushi !	food	positive
great food and do a mean miso soup if u go for the sushi !	miso soup	positive
great food and do a mean miso soup if u go for the sushi !	sushi	positive
still , it took _num_ minutes to get a table .	table	negative
prices are good and i love the fuel points .	prices	positive
prices are good and i love the fuel points .	fuel points	positive
delicious food and a delight to work with !	food	positive
_num_ minutes later , still no table .	table	negative
you have to love a restaurant that gets it right from start to finish !	restaurant	positive
best gyro place in town .	gyro place	positive
one of my favorite places !	places	positive
love love love the outdoor seating !	outdoor seating	positive
fish is fresh .	fish	positive
great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
the greek salad is delicious too !	greek salad	positive
the food is worth waiting for and the deli is awesome .	food	positive
the food is worth waiting for and the deli is awesome .	deli	positive
just moved in about a month ago and i am impressed with the apartment .	apartment	positive
we ate here two mornings , and enjoyed both meals .	meals	positive
the meat is so flavorful and goes perfect with the spicy mustard .	meat	positive
the meat is so flavorful and goes perfect with the spicy mustard .	spicy mustard	positive
beautiful grounds , excellent food , accomodations were good .	grounds	positive
beautiful grounds , excellent food , accomodations were good .	food	positive
food was absolutely delicious but it is a bit pricey -- although worth it .	food	positive
the steak tasted like rubber and was very chewy .	steak	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
staff was friendly and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
i would love to come here again and try their sushi !	sushi	positive
best clearance sales when coordinated with a dillard 's card .	clearance sales	positive
best clearance sales when coordinated with a dillard 's card .	dillard 's card	positive
the best hand crafted phoenix beers hands down .	phoenix beers	positive
i absolutely love salon tru !	salon tru	positive
they decide to expand their store and in the process kill a small business .	store	negative
then why so much fake meat ?	fake meat	negative
thanks robert and staff for a perfect ending to our wedding .	staff	positive
the spinach dip is the best i 've ever had !	spinach dip	positive
best mechanics in town !	mechanics	positive
perfect setting , good food , cocktails and music .	setting	positive
perfect setting , good food , cocktails and music .	food	positive
perfect setting , good food , cocktails and music .	cocktails	positive
perfect setting , good food , cocktails and music .	music	positive
another owner or manager came to the table and insisted that i pay .	owner	negative
another owner or manager came to the table and insisted that i pay .	manager	negative
food and beer was fantastic , but it was not worth that terrible wait .	food	positive
food and beer was fantastic , but it was not worth that terrible wait .	beer	positive
food and beer was fantastic , but it was not worth that terrible wait .	wait	negative
beyond customer service , the products here are phenomenal .	customer service	positive
beyond customer service , the products here are phenomenal .	products	positive
they do not go out of the way to make you car shine .	car	negative
drinks are cheap and the staff seems pretty friendly .	drinks	positive
drinks are cheap and the staff seems pretty friendly .	staff	positive
i am a guy who is in a hurry to find a place !	place	negative
the price for the repair was also very reasonable .	price	positive
the price for the repair was also very reasonable .	repair	positive
first of all there is no table service .	table service	negative
the food is fine .	food	positive
great food , good prices , super staff .	food	positive
great food , good prices , super staff .	prices	positive
great food , good prices , super staff .	staff	positive
one of the best dining experiences in the valley .	dining experiences	positive
wow terrible place here !	place	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
lamb tongue ( chewy and horrible ! )	lamb tongue	negative
went for lunch and got right in !	lunch	positive
i liked the chill crowd .	chill crowd	positive
there was also an amazing musician playing the night i was there .	musician	positive
i am a seasonal resident in arizona and was very welcome at this office .	office	positive
my pad thai had chicken , shrimp , and tofu .	pad thai	positive
my pad thai had chicken , shrimp , and tofu .	chicken	positive
my pad thai had chicken , shrimp , and tofu .	shrimp	positive
my pad thai had chicken , shrimp , and tofu .	tofu	positive
i highly recommend alan 's air for any of your conditioning needs .	air	positive
i highly recommend alan 's air for any of your conditioning needs .	conditioning	positive
the bread it came with was n't that attractive .	bread	negative
avoid this dealership for service .	service	negative
the bread was n't really that great .	bread	negative
the service was pretty fast but the food was awful .	service	negative
the service was pretty fast but the food was awful .	food	negative
instead , we got average food and pretty bad service .	food	negative
instead , we got average food and pretty bad service .	service	negative
gave me the wrong burger and it was cold .	burger	negative
their little drive thru pickup area was easy and everything was delicious as always !	drive thru pickup area	positive
then where the sauces are it was filthy .	sauces	negative
service was pretty quick .	service	positive
my girlfriend loves their raspberry lemonade drink .	raspberry lemonade drink	positive
most businesses understand that without the customer , the business would n't exist .	customer	negative
worst service ever experienced .	service	negative
i highly recommend this nail salon .	nail salon	positive
my dad and i split a margherita pizza .	margherita pizza	positive
been coming here for years and really enjoy the atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
bought many items at fry 's electronics but never ever again .	electronics	positive
guess what , no more coffee .	coffee	negative
seared blackened ahi , quality was good , blackened seasoning was way too salty .	ahi	negative
seared blackened ahi , quality was good , blackened seasoning was way too salty .	quality	negative
seared blackened ahi , quality was good , blackened seasoning was way too salty .	seasoning	negative
great atmosphere , excellent food and service .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere , excellent food and service .	food	positive
great atmosphere , excellent food and service .	service	positive
the food is just plain bad .	food	negative
great people !	people	positive
the photo i took proved useful in catching this shop in a huge lie .	photo	positive
the photo i took proved useful in catching this shop in a huge lie .	shop	negative
unless i 'm in the mood for cold cooked eggs .	eggs	negative
i had a long layer in the back and i was mortified !	layer	negative
this really helps with the early morning wait .	wait	positive
the staff is always friendly .	staff	positive
the last time i went though the service was horrible .	service	negative
fantastic value .	value	positive
best place to eat in phx hands down !	place	positive
best place to eat in phx hands down !	phx	positive
the food was amazing .	food	positive
super quaint and fun stop , especially with kids .	stop	positive
good breakfast .	breakfast	positive
their menu is varied and unique .	menu	positive
the food is not bad , but not great either .	food	positive
what type of hospital has an emergency room so dirty ?	emergency room	negative
they offer a wide array of services and will give you an honest diagnosis .	services	positive
everytime one walked past our table he turned his head and avoided eye contact .	table	negative
as always , a great dinner .	dinner	positive
girlfriends favorite place !	place	positive
food is wonderful and service is great .	food	positive
food is wonderful and service is great .	service	positive
with a side of delicious salsa .	salsa	positive
this is a top notch place !	place	positive
the work was high quality and we drove away very happy .	work	positive
for starters , the chips and salsa were pretty average .	chips	negative
for starters , the chips and salsa were pretty average .	salsa	negative
the sunday breakfast brunch is excellent and the restaurant in the spa is healthy .	sunday breakfast brunch	positive
horrible service ... cashiers act like complete morons .	service	negative
horrible service ... cashiers act like complete morons .	cashiers	negative
i came here to celebrate my birthday and the song is the best !	song	positive
she 's funny and made the shopping experience cool .	shopping experience	positive
i was annoyed because i need to press one of the dresses .	dresses	negative
the new doctor in this office is absolutely amazing .	doctor	positive
the new doctor in this office is absolutely amazing .	office	positive
the owners and staff are very friendly .	owners	positive
the owners and staff are very friendly .	staff	positive
most diverse and interesting scene in downtown scottsdale .	scene	positive
got the mongolian beef excellent .	mongolian beef	positive
thai pizza was very good and they really know their beers .	thai pizza	positive
thai pizza was very good and they really know their beers .	beers	positive
the pasta alla vodka was incredible .	pasta alla vodka	positive
the grass is dead everywhere .	grass	negative
i was with a group and check-in is always at _num_ pm .	check-in	positive
it is thai food in scottsdale .	thai food	positive
i loved the meal !	meal	positive
great food and manager !	food	positive
great food and manager !	manager	positive
when serving water , they have no manners .	water	negative
food is decent and prices are good .	food	positive
food is decent and prices are good .	prices	positive
great little place tucked into a small strip mall shopping center .	strip mall	positive
very friendly staff that can take care of most travel needs .	staff	positive
very friendly staff that can take care of most travel needs .	travel	positive
however , the owners ( the older woman especially ) were incredibly rude .	owners	negative
i would go back in a heartbeat though because the food is delicious !	food	positive
did n't know i had filet mignon .	filet mignon	negative
super disappointed with this place as it has potential .	place	negative
this place is awful .	place	negative
customer service is always quick , friendly and helpful .	customer service	positive
waffle and egg breakfast is great .	waffle and egg breakfast	positive
great happy hour !	happy hour	positive
great mexican food , at an awesome price .	mexican food	positive
great mexican food , at an awesome price .	price	positive
finally he just ordered straight bourbon .	bourbon	negative
so i guess do n't buy drafts there .	drafts	negative
excellent service .	service	positive
okay , fail one walmart customer service .	customer service	negative
i check my fries and they were old and cold .	fries	negative
punctual , professional , informative .	punctual	positive
i recommend arriving early , if you are planning on watching a specific band .	band	positive
i think this is the best thai food in scottsdale .	thai food	positive
recently i noticed that beginning with your second bowl of chips you are charged .	bowl of chips	negative
if i where him i would learn how to deal with customers .	customers	negative
excellent and friendly service .	service	positive
lunch and dinner are pretty ordinary but good .	lunch	positive
lunch and dinner are pretty ordinary but good .	dinner	positive
they are well organized and are knowledgable about their practice .	practice	positive
very classy place .	place	positive
nicole , our waitress , was very friendly and pleasant .	waitress	positive
and here is the best part ... the service is awesome !	service	positive
the food was perfect .	food	positive
great lunch specials at $ _num_ this is a good deal .	lunch specials	positive
great place to watch a ball game !	ball game	positive
great place to buy arizona style jewelry and art !	arizona	positive
great place to buy arizona style jewelry and art !	art	positive
honest to god the best beef cheese steak in america .	beef cheese steak	positive
i 've never had experienced a walgreens like this .	walgreens	positive
the day before our dinner , we had one more decide to join us .	dinner	positive
the prices here are reasonable too !	prices	positive
this is a fun neighborhood bar .	neighborhood bar	positive
excellent restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the service was efficient and the place was clean .	service	positive
the service was efficient and the place was clean .	place	positive
after all that , she brought us _num_ glasses of very cold sangria .	glasses	negative
after all that , she brought us _num_ glasses of very cold sangria .	sangria	negative
very disappointed in this salon .	salon	negative
the service was great from the front desk to the spa to the restaurants .	service	positive
the service was great from the front desk to the spa to the restaurants .	front	positive
the service was great from the front desk to the spa to the restaurants .	spa	positive
the staff is superior and the facility was inviting even though its a hospital .	staff	positive
the staff is superior and the facility was inviting even though its a hospital .	facility	positive
the venue looks nice , was clean , and a little bit confusing .	venue	positive
the problem is with the food .	food	negative
the pool was a great place for the kids to play .	pool	positive
great service and amazing food .	service	positive
great service and amazing food .	food	positive
we walked along scottsdale rd .	scottsdale rd	positive
staff at checkout is unhelpful .	staff	negative
i drive to this office from peoria for the great service .	service	positive
thanks for great service !	service	positive
horrible service .	service	negative
i enjoyed my meal much and liked the heat .	meal	positive
i enjoyed my meal much and liked the heat .	heat	positive
check out the pictures and you 'll know what i mean .	pictures	positive
i recommend mike or fred for training .	training	positive
the food is great here !	food	positive
great fast food fish & chips joint !	fast food fish & chips joint	positive
and it 's very reasonably priced .	priced	positive
love it and the staff is always super nice and funny !	staff	positive
this is definitely the place to be in scottsdale .	place	positive
we were totally disappointed with how the waitress treated us .	waitress	negative
the `` keg '' wines were outstanding -- decent value and good flavors .	keg	positive
the `` keg '' wines were outstanding -- decent value and good flavors .	wines	positive
the `` keg '' wines were outstanding -- decent value and good flavors .	value	positive
the `` keg '' wines were outstanding -- decent value and good flavors .	flavors	positive
also love that they have orange blossom beer .	orange blossom beer	positive
no coffee , wrong meal delivered .	coffee	negative
no coffee , wrong meal delivered .	meal	negative
the music , ambiance , and big booths are fantastic .	music	positive
the music , ambiance , and big booths are fantastic .	ambiance	positive
the music , ambiance , and big booths are fantastic .	booths	positive
there loss of money .	money	negative
i love their flavored coffee .	flavored coffee	positive
maintenance issue response times at least doubled .	maintenance issue	negative
lastly , we sat on the patio , which is a back patio .	back patio	positive
thirsty people are unhappy people .	people	negative
i am so happy that i found this place .	place	positive
very bad service .	service	negative
my few hours of pampering ended very badly .	pampering	negative
there is nothing good about this venue .	venue	negative
i think this is an awesome business model with poor management .	business	positive
i think this is an awesome business model with poor management .	management	positive
starbucks is great !	starbucks	positive
if you like food in your mouth you have to eat here regularly .	food	positive
glass , and was mediocre .	glass	negative
fresh tortillas are so amazing too !	fresh tortillas	positive
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .	sweet cakes pecan pie	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
i really should give this place a zero .	place	negative
this place is clean , professional and convenient .	place	positive
this management now is horrible .	management	negative
awesome place !	place	positive
asked the hub would you go back he said no .	hub	negative
i 'm so glad this place is always consistently amazing !	place	positive
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	cash register area	negative
the food was good and the bread was fresh .	food	positive
the food was good and the bread was fresh .	bread	positive
and the fries are amazing with that seasoning on them !	fries	positive
and the fries are amazing with that seasoning on them !	seasoning	positive
tons of sandwich places around with better attitudes , and better food .	food	positive
not my scene , but may be yours and families .	scene	negative
i enjoyed a great sandwich here once again .	sandwich	positive
my windows look amazing !	windows	positive
a first class italian eatery .	italian eatery	positive
but the atmosphere inside was very sad .	atmosphere	negative
sam does a wonderful job with my nails each time !	sam	positive
sam does a wonderful job with my nails each time !	nails	positive
the products are wonderful and the staff is extremely helpful .	products	positive
the products are wonderful and the staff is extremely helpful .	staff	positive
simply awesome service and customer care at a great price .	service	positive
simply awesome service and customer care at a great price .	customer care	positive
simply awesome service and customer care at a great price .	price	positive
tottie 's is great if you are looking for some variety in your menu .	menu	positive
the atmosphere is cozy , stylish , comforting .	atmosphere	positive
if you want some spectacular greek food , this is the spot for you .	greek food	positive
if you want some spectacular greek food , this is the spot for you .	spot	positive
so being new to chandler i took this course as a kid friendly course .	course	positive
so being new to chandler i took this course as a kid friendly course .	course	positive
enjoyed the dolly a lot .	dolly	positive
all of the employees were happy , upbeat , and worked very well together .	employees	positive
green chili pork and rotisserie chicken flatbread was excellent .	green chili pork	positive
green chili pork and rotisserie chicken flatbread was excellent .	rotisserie chicken flatbread	positive
worst customer service i have ever had .	customer service	negative
there was nothing good about this breakfast at all .	breakfast	negative
no cell reception !	cell reception	negative
the friendly crew that runs the place takes care of you .	crew	positive
the friendly crew that runs the place takes care of you .	place	positive
this was such a treat !	treat	positive
you can also buy fresh meats and italian goods there .	fresh meats	positive
you can also buy fresh meats and italian goods there .	italian goods	positive
qt and grocery stores have better wraps then this place and far less cheaper .	wraps	negative
amazing setting and views .	setting	positive
amazing setting and views .	views	positive
my first visit to the breakfast club was great !	breakfast club	positive
please give my kudos to both of them !	kudos	positive
love this place ... can you veal me people !	place	positive
great service with friendly staff throughout .	service	positive
great service with friendly staff throughout .	staff	positive
staff looks miserable and is not friendly .	staff	negative
really nice atmosphere ... not easy to find .	atmosphere	positive
i love coming to breweries when i visit a new city .	breweries	positive
this is a cute little kids museum .	museum	positive
so we stopped going to this qt .	qt	negative
the employees were nice and clean and the price was right .	employees	positive
the employees were nice and clean and the price was right .	price	positive
an incredible staff who really cares .	staff	positive
it was a fun date night and we look forward to going back .	date	positive
always has fast and friendly service .	service	positive
i crave the stetson chopped salad and open face steak sandwich .	stetson chopped salad	positive
i crave the stetson chopped salad and open face steak sandwich .	open	positive
i 've eaten at this kona grill several times .	kona grill	positive
but i did find large pieces of lettuce under the tacos in the basket .	tacos	negative
i love salon tru , friendly staff and excellent service .	salon tru	positive
i love salon tru , friendly staff and excellent service .	staff	positive
i love salon tru , friendly staff and excellent service .	service	positive
very tender , i should have gone up a spice level .	spice level	negative
best pastrami sandwich i 've ever had !	pastrami sandwich	positive
unfortunately we waited over an hour for food that never showed up .	food	negative
they really could care less to have you as a customer .	customer	negative
all was spoiled with waitress , food , and beer !	waitress	negative
all was spoiled with waitress , food , and beer !	food	negative
all was spoiled with waitress , food , and beer !	beer	negative
when it warms up , their outdoor area looked very appealing .	outdoor area	positive
if you care about your score , avoid this place .	score	negative
if you care about your score , avoid this place .	place	negative
our guide and driver , rex was so personable and informative .	driver	positive
jeff and his crew take care of you like you 're family .	crew	positive
always consistently good sushi .	sushi	positive
very very clean , great ambience , and an awesome staff .	ambience	positive
very very clean , great ambience , and an awesome staff .	staff	positive
service was great , staff was friendly .	service	positive
service was great , staff was friendly .	staff	positive
polite , excited to see all the fans , and clearly enjoy their jobs .	fans	positive
polite , excited to see all the fans , and clearly enjoy their jobs .	jobs	positive
the staff and docs are incredible .	staff	positive
the staff and docs are incredible .	docs	positive
dirty carpet , dirty seats and generally disgusting dirty .	carpet	negative
dirty carpet , dirty seats and generally disgusting dirty .	seats	negative
great place for breakfast if you are staying in the downtown scottsdale area .	breakfast	positive
you may want to have a chat with your staff .	staff	positive
unfortunately , there was an error in the original fine print for this offer .	offer	negative
overall this place was great .	place	positive
it 's just a nice neighborhood restaurant with a really unique menu .	menu	positive
cheesesteaks are pretty decent , but the hoagies are great .	cheesesteaks	positive
cheesesteaks are pretty decent , but the hoagies are great .	hoagies	positive
great food !	food	positive
hers was ok , a little too rare .	hers	negative
it is a jen of place with great breakfast .	breakfast	positive
service is great !	service	positive
calamari , overcooked .	calamari	negative
i would recommend george and son 's to friends visiting the scottsdale area .	area	positive
you could also buy drinks at a really decent price .	drinks	positive
you could also buy drinks at a really decent price .	price	positive
blue adobe has quite an eclectic but tasty menu .	menu	positive
if you are using eggs , egg whites are part of them .	eggs	positive
if you are using eggs , egg whites are part of them .	egg whites	positive
they were amazing with the cocktail sauce and horseradish .	cocktail sauce	positive
they were amazing with the cocktail sauce and horseradish .	horseradish	positive
friendly staff , great product , open early !	staff	positive
friendly staff , great product , open early !	product	positive
they also have several novelty items that are perfect for a gift !	novelty items	positive
they also have several novelty items that are perfect for a gift !	gift	positive
all of the food was cold .	food	negative
he did not do the heart , only the three lines around it .	heart	negative
the christmas decorations is just an added bonus during the holiday season !	christmas decorations	positive
i highly recommend this activity .	activity	positive
love this place and will keep coming back .	place	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
do n't get me wrong , i love me a dive bar .	dive bar	positive
went on saturday for lunch and the dining area was not to busy .	lunch	positive
went on saturday for lunch and the dining area was not to busy .	dining area	positive
a great place for pizza too .	pizza	positive
took _num_ minutes to get a toasted bagel and egg sandwich .	toasted bagel and egg sandwich	positive
both were great and came with a tasty green chile rice .	green chile rice	positive
interesting concept - dining within a market .	dining	positive
interesting concept - dining within a market .	market	positive
no pitas , at pita pit ?	pitas	negative
no pitas , at pita pit ?	pit	negative
this is a perfect spot for happy hour or a special meal .	spot	positive
this is a perfect spot for happy hour or a special meal .	meal	positive
tons of tv 's and restaurant quality food with an impressive menu .	food	positive
tons of tv 's and restaurant quality food with an impressive menu .	menu	positive
the restaurant now has a chic look now with a great bar area .	bar area	positive
this baja fresh really did n't impress me .	baja	positive
food was amazing , really large portions at a great price !	food	positive
food was amazing , really large portions at a great price !	portions	positive
food was amazing , really large portions at a great price !	price	positive
the server was friendly , the food was good .	server	positive
the server was friendly , the food was good .	food	positive
terrific experience and it 's the best location in old town scottsdale .	location	positive
for the services you get it 's the best price in the area .	services	positive
for the services you get it 's the best price in the area .	price	positive
im in love with wings , just need to get my fix .	wings	positive
the people who work here are really nice .	people	positive
she did an excellent job and i would definitely recommend people there !	people	positive
but make sure to check your bill !	bill	positive
it smelled like fish tank water .	fish tank water	negative
i would hardly say _num_ strawberries are worth _num_ .	strawberries	negative
then there were the hipsters drinking pbr .	drinking pbr	positive
definitely a place to take az visitors !	place	positive
definitely a place to take az visitors !	visitors	positive
the drinks themselves are n't cheap either .	drinks	negative
first , the whole place gives off a sketchy vibe .	place	negative
this place was the worst place to ever live !	place	negative
this place was the worst place to ever live !	place	negative
you really can see the servers roller skate well .	servers roller skate	positive
great service , great food and really nice ambiance !	service	positive
great service , great food and really nice ambiance !	food	positive
great service , great food and really nice ambiance !	ambiance	positive
they could n't even bring us water after we asked twice .	water	negative
i love their white coffee !	white coffee	positive
nicole did my girls back , she is great .	girls	positive
food was good and our server was awesome .	food	positive
food was good and our server was awesome .	server	positive
food and service was excellent .	food	positive
food and service was excellent .	service	positive
pizza is good .	pizza	positive
great little ( really little ) place .	place	positive
never again will i buy anything at this store .	store	negative
instead of everyone having water , they replaced one with coke .	water	negative
instead of everyone having water , they replaced one with coke .	coke	negative
i always leave the salon absolutely loving my hair cut and color !	hair cut	positive
this soup makes me so happy you have no idea .	soup	positive
the spa is amazing and the sunday brunch is a must !	spa	positive
the spa is amazing and the sunday brunch is a must !	sunday brunch	positive
the pool and hot tub are kept clean .	pool	positive
the pool and hot tub are kept clean .	hot tub	positive
i do n't usually bother to rate places i do n't like .	places	negative
good deals if they have the stuff you like .	deals	positive
good deals if they have the stuff you like .	stuff	positive
finally got to try this place .	place	positive
the halibut was good too .	halibut	positive
( shipped april 16th ) .	shipped	negative
the garlic bread when you sit down is a nice touch .	garlic bread	positive
great work at a reasonable price .	price	positive
both are real friendly , customer service was top notch .	customer service	positive
i would give it four stars for the great food and friendly service .	food	positive
i would give it four stars for the great food and friendly service .	service	positive
we ate there in january and the staff is rude and slow !	staff	negative
rude & arrogant people !	people	negative
good little place for coffee or lunch .	coffee	positive
good little place for coffee or lunch .	lunch	positive
i love , love , love their grilled artichoke appetizer !	grilled artichoke appetizer	positive
it is also fun to sit at the bar .	bar	positive
the food is excellent , a quite location .	food	positive
the food is excellent , a quite location .	location	positive
i needed some help finding something and this lady was the greatest !	lady	positive
the meals were once prepared neatly , now sloppy .	meals	negative
recommend this for all your grocery needs .	grocery	positive
these guys were so good .	guys	positive
the covered parking next door is certainly an added bonus in the summer .	covered parking	positive
this is a fabulous place with caring staff members .	staff	positive
the food is n't that good and the margaritas are watered down .	food	negative
the food is n't that good and the margaritas are watered down .	margaritas	positive
the waitress gave us total attitude about using them .	waitress	negative
very helpful staff .	staff	positive
you just do n't find anything professional in this place .	place	negative
best meat subs .	meat subs	positive
great wine list & the food melts in your mouth .	wine list	positive
great wine list & the food melts in your mouth .	food	positive
great deserts as well .	deserts	positive
just tried the chicken mozzarella sandwich .	chicken mozzarella sandwich	positive
value 's ok as well .	value	negative
awesome place and great prices on their firearms !	place	positive
awesome place and great prices on their firearms !	prices	positive
i really liked the one year complementary service that came with the car .	service	positive
great service .	service	positive
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	delivery order	negative
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	money	negative
i really do n't know why this place gets so many good reviews .	place	positive
the food was okay but nothing spectacular .	food	positive
food is excellent , ambiance is great .	food	positive
food is excellent , ambiance is great .	ambiance	positive
the worst customer service here ever .	customer service	negative
the crowd and staff are friendly .	crowd	positive
the crowd and staff are friendly .	staff	positive
great service and friendly staff .	service	positive
great service and friendly staff .	staff	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
worth every penny , the food was delicious !	food	positive
service was tolerable .	service	positive
the end result is just great .	end result	positive
super friendly people .	people	positive
the personal service that she gave me and my wedding party was stellar .	personal service	positive
terrible experience .	experience	negative
my shirt was soaked with water from hose dripping down my back .	shirt	negative
my shirt was soaked with water from hose dripping down my back .	water	negative
my shirt was soaked with water from hose dripping down my back .	hose	negative
the best experience getting this procedure done .	procedure	positive
i love this place , the prices are reasonable for the sizes .	prices	positive
i love this place , the prices are reasonable for the sizes .	sizes	positive
i really just enjoyed this weekend and my stay .	stay	positive
was there yesterday and my lobster was totally over cooked .	lobster	negative
they also have really really good ranch here .	ranch	positive
kyle was excellent .	kyle	positive
the fellas that work here are really polite and helpful !	fellas	positive
great variety of dishes , prices are fair .	prices	positive
this place is not that great .	place	negative
i am dropping another $ _num_ to repair it this week .	$	negative
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	portions	positive
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	food	positive
even through the first part of the _num_ 's it was old reliable .	_num_	negative
the help is really helpful and friendly .	help	positive
everything comes with grease dripping hash browns whether you want them or not .	hash browns	positive
i love going to smiley nails !	nails	positive
apps on menu were delicious .	apps on menu	positive
the few bites of solid ice cream were freezer burned .	solid ice cream	negative
great advice about bikes , biking , racing , the culture in general .	bikes	positive
great advice about bikes , biking , racing , the culture in general .	biking	positive
great advice about bikes , biking , racing , the culture in general .	racing	positive
great advice about bikes , biking , racing , the culture in general .	culture	positive
worst customer service ever .	customer service	negative
great food !	food	positive
this is a special place .	place	positive
every thing on the menu is excellent , but try the sea food stew .	menu	positive
every thing on the menu is excellent , but try the sea food stew .	sea food stew	positive
this place is unique and fun ... the food is great .	place	positive
this place is unique and fun ... the food is great .	food	positive
next time i think the courtyard marriott might be in order .	courtyard marriott	positive
love the book that was passed out too !	book	positive
the pad thai and pad se ew are both good !	pad thai	positive
the pad thai and pad se ew are both good !	pad se ew	positive
horrible service !	service	negative
a total of _num_ tables - very small place .	place	negative
the frame inventory is great !	frame inventory	positive
neither is customer service .	customer service	negative
i highly recommend mesa northeast animal hospital !	mesa northeast animal hospital	positive
nothing that special about this place .	place	negative
this place is horrible .	place	negative
amazing resort .	resort	positive
the owner is friendly and the burgers and wings are fantastic .	owner	positive
the owner is friendly and the burgers and wings are fantastic .	burgers	positive
the owner is friendly and the burgers and wings are fantastic .	wings	positive
i loved the wor won ton soup .	wor won ton soup	positive
the people here are pros , will definitely be taking them back .	people	positive
good place .	place	positive
get the gyro plate and enjoy .	gyro plate	positive
i had the huevos rancheros and it is the best i 've ever had .	huevos rancheros	positive
barro 's started making the wings and did n't want to waste them .	wings	positive
the service is amazing , the decor and ambiance can not be beat .	service	positive
the service is amazing , the decor and ambiance can not be beat .	decor	positive
the service is amazing , the decor and ambiance can not be beat .	ambiance	positive
the pizza was n't very good and was bland .	pizza	negative
the water park and spa are ideal .	water park	positive
the water park and spa are ideal .	spa	positive
employee did not tell me this .	employee	negative
the food was mediocre at best .	food	negative
a great spot within walking distance ... a beauty .	spot	positive
a+ on customer service & knowledge !	customer service	positive
so ... yay liver .	liver	positive
it 's even better when enjoyed on the patio .	patio	positive
room service is very good .	room service	positive
do n't bother with this place .	place	negative
the facilities are top-notch , however , my massage left me a little unimpressed .	facilities	positive
the facilities are top-notch , however , my massage left me a little unimpressed .	massage	negative
great chili cheese fries and plenty of sports channels to pick from .	chili cheese fries	positive
keep the drinks and food coming !	drinks	positive
keep the drinks and food coming !	food	positive
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	falafel	negative
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	chicken nuggets	negative
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	flavor	negative
though the waiting room is large , it 's often standing room only .	waiting room	positive
the food is great !	food	positive
the manager come over and was horrible .	manager	negative
the lasagna was pretty tasteless too .	lasagna	negative
maybe the worst tortilla i 've ever had !	tortilla	negative
they have a very friendly staff and always make you feel welcome !	staff	positive
the service was top-notch .	service	positive
fortunately , great beer and the company of beer lovers makes up for it .	beer	positive
you are always guaranteed a fabulous meal .	meal	positive
the salesperson very helpful , and easy going .	salesperson	positive
fish tacos and chicken flatbread are also superb .	fish tacos	positive
fish tacos and chicken flatbread are also superb .	chicken flatbread	positive
the wait staff is super nice and friendly .	wait staff	positive
there 's just too many other good choices out there .	choices	negative
also , why is the `` bouncer '' inside watching karaoke ?	karaoke	negative
miso soup was very salty .	miso soup	negative
then she tells me , she had someone come in that had an appt .	appt	negative
not worth the trip .	trip	negative
a great little place !	place	positive
we also did old west pictures and that was fun !	old	positive
excellent service .	service	positive
a very nice spot for a quiet lunch .	spot	positive
a very nice spot for a quiet lunch .	lunch	positive
excellent work and always comes through when you need him .	work	positive
great service , great food , good prices and a lot of choices !	service	positive
great service , great food , good prices and a lot of choices !	food	positive
great service , great food , good prices and a lot of choices !	prices	positive
i was very impressed with how helpful and courteous the staff was .	staff	positive
the cucumber salad was excellent .	cucumber salad	positive
they are amazing and the service is impeccable .	service	positive
this was very disappointing especially after now reading about how good their food is .	food	negative
i got the nut mahi mahi and it was pretty good too .	nut mahi mahi	positive
saving me money is a quick and easy way to win me over !	money	positive
the facility and entire staff were phenomenal .	facility	positive
the facility and entire staff were phenomenal .	staff	positive
we were delivered the completely wrong pizza .	pizza	negative
great bands when they bring them in and interesting events , too .	bands	positive
i remember the food being pretty decent , however the service was really sub-par .	food	positive
i remember the food being pretty decent , however the service was really sub-par .	service	negative
nice selection of children 's bedding .	selection of children 's bedding	positive
the menu is always sophisticated and food is cooked to perfection .	menu	positive
the menu is always sophisticated and food is cooked to perfection .	food	positive
small spot , but definitely worth trying ( again and again ) !	spot	negative
the crust was one of the worst i have ever had .	crust	negative
just had brunch here and to my surprise the food was very tasty .	brunch	positive
just had brunch here and to my surprise the food was very tasty .	food	positive
excellent food .	food	positive
fantastic sea food collection and taste .	sea food collection	positive
fantastic sea food collection and taste .	taste	positive
it has no flavor and it is rubbery .	flavor	negative
a couple weeks later we returned , knowing full well the rules .	rules	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
working with beth and joe on my custom design was great !	custom design	positive
great food .	food	positive
very unique atmosphere that you wont find anywhere else in scottsdale .	atmosphere	positive
one is as good as the next grimaldi 's .	grimaldi	positive
we stayed here on our recent vacation and the vibe was great .	vibe	positive
best food ever .	food	positive
the food was great .	food	positive
my steak was awesome and the service was great too !	steak	positive
my steak was awesome and the service was great too !	service	positive
fantastic food and awesome service !	food	positive
fantastic food and awesome service !	service	positive
it 's quaint the beer is great and the boys are cute .	beer	positive
it 's quaint the beer is great and the boys are cute .	boys	positive
i do n't have time to wait .	wait	negative
resort hotel in fantastic location .	resort	positive
resort hotel in fantastic location .	location	positive
the entire office is friendly and efficient .	office	positive
defiantly worth a try for an upscale birthday or date night .	birthday	positive
defiantly worth a try for an upscale birthday or date night .	date	positive
guys in the shop are hella cool .	guys	positive
guys in the shop are hella cool .	shop	positive
great pizza !	pizza	positive
this is a biker friendly bar .	bar	positive
the food is always consistent , great portions , and well priced .	food	positive
the food is always consistent , great portions , and well priced .	portions	positive
the food is always consistent , great portions , and well priced .	priced	positive
i do n't have this issue with other locations .	locations	negative
she told me not to be angry , she had other tables .	tables	negative
service was good , but food was very slow .	service	positive
service was good , but food was very slow .	food	negative
took _num_ min for someone to get my water .	water	negative
perfect for any hunger fix .	hunger fix	positive
the atmosphere is excellent .	atmosphere	positive
so my brand new pair sold in zero days and i got $ _num_ .	pair	positive
everything was outstanding and so full of flavor .	flavor	positive
best sandwiches i 've had in _num_ years in the valley .	sandwiches	positive
enjoyable dinner at the cove .	dinner	positive
thanks kristen and village tavern for a wonderful meal .	meal	positive
this is by far the worst apartment community i have ever lived in .	apartment community	negative
just not sure what jim had done .	jim	negative
had so much fun and this local dive bar !	dive bar	positive
my family got the combination plates and they were also top notch .	combination plates	positive
i will recommend aaron specifically to all my friends and neighbors .	aaron	positive
nice background music and fast service buy they do n't rush you .	background music	positive
nice background music and fast service buy they do n't rush you .	service	positive
not only is she professional but her energy is awesome .	energy	positive
if i had a top ten list , it 'd be closer to _num_ .	list	positive
the staff here is very friendly .	staff	positive
i never feel rushed and always get the best treatment .	treatment	positive
truly a beautiful store .	store	positive
the service was great .	service	positive
absolutely the the most awful pizza i ever ate !	pizza	negative
the mai tai was excellent .	mai tai	positive
the staff was friendly and the office was very clean .	staff	positive
the staff was friendly and the office was very clean .	office	positive
service was good and food was piping hot off the grill .	service	positive
service was good and food was piping hot off the grill .	food	positive
he then proceeded to clear all of our drinks off the table .	drinks	positive
he then proceeded to clear all of our drinks off the table .	table	positive
however the pizza was garbage and the garlic knots were dry .	pizza	negative
however the pizza was garbage and the garlic knots were dry .	garlic knots	negative
we will definitely be back for more margaritas and friendly ambience !	margaritas	positive
we will definitely be back for more margaritas and friendly ambience !	ambience	positive
unless you want to do karaoke at night , do not eat here .	karaoke	negative
but for its size , new tokyo certainly packs in a lot of goods .	goods	positive
service is always delightful !	service	positive
a wonderful selection of wines compliment the authentic italian foods .	selection of wines	positive
a wonderful selection of wines compliment the authentic italian foods .	italian foods	positive
the restaurant had a great garlic smell to it ... i know why .	garlic smell	positive
it 's the tortillas !	tortillas	positive
sadly the fries were n't much better as they were soggy .	fries	negative
coffee amazing !	coffee	positive
this little bridal shop was an absolute dream come true !	bridal shop	positive
great place .	place	positive
but other than that , i would definitely recommend this place !	place	positive
this place is terrible !	place	negative
i recommend this place to everyone .	place	positive
this is a great music shop to do business with .	music shop	positive
the doctor is cool too .	doctor	positive
very impressed with this place !	place	positive
the greek salad was served with a yogurt dressing .	greek salad	positive
the greek salad was served with a yogurt dressing .	served	positive
the greek salad was served with a yogurt dressing .	yogurt dressing	positive
not good and not what i normally see from this place .	place	negative
everything was excellent except the coffee .	coffee	positive
the mac and cheese was super good as well .	mac and cheese	positive
great place !	place	positive
the girls were free because they were _num_ and _num_ .	girls	positive
the girls were free because they were _num_ and _num_ .	_num_	positive
loved the salsa .	salsa	positive
the grilled veggies were topped with olive oil and were tender and very tasty .	grilled veggies	positive
the grilled veggies were topped with olive oil and were tender and very tasty .	olive oil	positive
great store !	store	positive
our waiter was so attentive .	waiter	positive
they have great appetizers and great service .	appetizers	positive
they have great appetizers and great service .	service	positive
music is perfect , not too loud and not too quiet .	music	positive
that 's always a sign of a good place .	place	positive
got the tuna sub here and it was absolutely delicious !	tuna sub	positive
price is right and advice is free .	price	positive
price is right and advice is free .	advice	positive
best shaved ice in town !	shaved ice	positive
good for classes , nice equipment and a rock climbing wall to boot .	classes	positive
good for classes , nice equipment and a rock climbing wall to boot .	equipment	positive
good for classes , nice equipment and a rock climbing wall to boot .	rock climbing wall	positive
they always have the best customer service and friendly staff !	customer service	positive
they always have the best customer service and friendly staff !	staff	positive
unfortunately , not the case for this place .	place	negative
i personally think it is a nice place .	place	positive
the views from the place are amazing .	views	positive
the views from the place are amazing .	place	positive
the bread was soggy when it arrived and the meat inside was cold .	bread	negative
the bread was soggy when it arrived and the meat inside was cold .	meat	negative
best sandwiches ever !	sandwiches	positive
prices are just plain retail .	prices	negative
razz is an exceptional chef .	chef	positive
great selection of sandwiches and deli salads .	selection of sandwiches	positive
great selection of sandwiches and deli salads .	deli salads	positive
the white rice was overcooked and chewy .	white rice	negative
wow , what an amazing place to have some quiet time on sunday .	place	positive
best spaghetti i ever had .	spaghetti	positive
great dive for me .	dive	positive
but the real treat is the oj that they sell on site ... .	oj	positive
the help lady is a racist .	help lady	negative
i ask her why she asked and she refuses my reservation !	reservation	negative
even better , everything was on happy hour prices !	prices	positive
no take out .	take out	negative
came here with a large party .	party	positive
this is my first daycare and it is an amazing place .	daycare	positive
this is my first daycare and it is an amazing place .	place	positive
not sure why people rave about the biscuits and gravy .	biscuits	negative
not sure why people rave about the biscuits and gravy .	gravy	negative
great food and highly recommend going with a large group .	food	positive
am on the fence as to whether or not i can ever return here .	fence	negative
scenery was nice and the staff was friendly .	scenery	positive
scenery was nice and the staff was friendly .	staff	positive
it was a fabulous place .	place	positive
best local donuts in chandler .	local donuts	positive
loud , obnoxious music .	music	negative
love this place !	place	positive
as you can see from the photo , it was soggy and gross .	photo	negative
the sausage was very good , so dig in to the sandwiches and pastas !	sausage	positive
the sausage was very good , so dig in to the sandwiches and pastas !	sandwiches	positive
the sausage was very good , so dig in to the sandwiches and pastas !	pastas	positive
great ambiance , nice open kitchen , big booths .	ambiance	positive
great ambiance , nice open kitchen , big booths .	open kitchen	positive
great ambiance , nice open kitchen , big booths .	booths	positive
their biggest problem is the online material .	online material	negative
the place has no air conditioning , the service was awful .	place	negative
the place has no air conditioning , the service was awful .	air conditioning	negative
the place has no air conditioning , the service was awful .	service	negative
this place has the worst customer service i have ever experienced !	customer service	negative
the chicken was pink and rubbery .	chicken	negative
go and then thank the chef for a wonderful meal .	chef	positive
go and then thank the chef for a wonderful meal .	meal	positive
great waiter too !	waiter	positive
there was no food offered on there menu .	food	negative
there was no food offered on there menu .	menu	negative
the people here have always been so nice and caring to my dog .	people	positive
thanks guys .	guys	positive
very friendly , quick service , and great food .	service	positive
very friendly , quick service , and great food .	food	positive
the stocked cash bar was a very popular place throughout the event .	stocked cash bar	positive
always good quality , and usually pretty fast .	quality	positive
the food was good and the staff was without exception excellent .	food	positive
the food was good and the staff was without exception excellent .	staff	positive
great work .	work	positive
the tempura vegetable is delicious , and you get quite a bit .	tempura vegetable	positive
this store 's customer service is awesome .	customer service	positive
garbage .	garbage	negative
food was great .	food	positive
she has great style and i trust her completely .	style	positive
in the end , i actually found the dress which was awesome !	dress	positive
fourth , oil level is low !	oil level	negative
do not bring your pet here if you have another option .	pet	negative
always love this place .	place	positive
this is a awesome place .	place	positive
consistently good , one of the best indian restaurants in the valley .	indian	positive
we went there only for their delicious banana cream pie .	delicious banana cream pie	positive
but we enjoy mixing our own dish depending on our mood that day .	dish	positive
the owners and staff are great , and , family .	owners	positive
the owners and staff are great , and , family .	staff	positive
well lit , gated , and friendly well trained staff .	staff	positive
something is definitely not kosher with this company , or maybe just this location .	company	negative
something is definitely not kosher with this company , or maybe just this location .	location	negative
she 's a superstar deluxe !	deluxe	positive
the management did n't care when i brought this to their attention .	management	negative
i love their shellac !	shellac	positive
think i found my new favorite dish .	dish	positive
great staff .	staff	positive
not great atmosphere in a little strip mall would not return .	atmosphere	negative
not great atmosphere in a little strip mall would not return .	strip mall	negative
i will be back for a treat .	treat	positive
the food is fresh and tastes amazing !	food	positive
the cake had amazing flavor and looked exactly like we asked for !	cake	positive
the cake had amazing flavor and looked exactly like we asked for !	flavor	positive
this is one of my favorite places in all of phoenix .	places	positive
great variety in dishes , awesome service , and fantastic atmosphere .	dishes	positive
great variety in dishes , awesome service , and fantastic atmosphere .	service	positive
great variety in dishes , awesome service , and fantastic atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
and the workers are all super friendly !	workers	positive
i am very happy with the end product .	end product	positive
my _num_ boneless chicken breasts were perfectly uniform under a mushroom sauce .	chicken breasts	negative
my _num_ boneless chicken breasts were perfectly uniform under a mushroom sauce .	mushroom sauce	positive
`` i liked this place .	place	positive
the food was mediocre at best .	food	negative
rooms are clean and staff is very friendly .	rooms	positive
rooms are clean and staff is very friendly .	staff	positive
the employees at this store have attitude .	employees	negative
overall , none of us will be returning to this place !	place	negative
great service .	service	positive
lasagna was a strange overly salty cheesy mess .	lasagna	negative
lasagna was a strange overly salty cheesy mess .	cheesy	negative
i will definitely use dodge electric again .	dodge electric	positive
make your own breakfast burrito is a good value .	breakfast burrito	positive
food did not taste fresh at all .	food	negative
i pulled up a chair and stayed for a while watching a basketball game .	chair	positive
i pulled up a chair and stayed for a while watching a basketball game .	basketball game	positive
one man , most likely the owner , doing everything .	owner	positive
friendly service .	service	positive
you 'll like this place , i assure you .	place	positive
new to the neighborhood , and we will definitely visit again .	neighborhood	positive
but i have no idea how they can call these the best rib 's .	rib 's	negative
maria previously cleaned my house , and she 's also wonderful .	maria	positive
maria previously cleaned my house , and she 's also wonderful .	house	positive
the bread is amazing !	bread	positive
this last time , our service was just terrible !	service	negative
if you life thai food , you definitely love this place .	thai food	positive
if you life thai food , you definitely love this place .	place	positive
the problem is the rudeness of the staff there .	staff	negative
this place is definitely a new favorite !	place	positive
had an amazing sushi dinner tonight at ra in old town .	sushi dinner	positive
the people here are extremely helpful and friendly .	people	positive
the salad had a horrible fish smell and tasted even worst .	salad	negative
the salad had a horrible fish smell and tasted even worst .	fish smell	negative
stopped in for lunch and was surprised by how tasty everything was .	lunch	positive
the staff was both curious and friendly .	staff	positive
good variety of delicious food .	food	positive
a second one delivered was as bad .	delivered	negative
i went over all the details over the phone in making the appt .	appt	positive
great environment and nice location !	environment	positive
great environment and nice location !	location	positive
it 's standard chinese hole-in-the-wall fare , which is n't a bad thing .	fare	positive
unfortunately the music is way _num_ loud when you get in .	music	negative
service , value , pace of play are _num_ star !	service	positive
service , value , pace of play are _num_ star !	value	positive
service , value , pace of play are _num_ star !	pace of play	positive
we got the spaghetti special for pretty cheap but it really was n't special .	spaghetti special	negative
worst red chili mix burro , ever !	red chili mix burro	negative
i also had the hot chocolate , it was perfect on a chilly morning .	hot chocolate	positive
the service was terrible .	service	negative
my wife had the seabass ... great flavor slightly crusted awesome !	seabass	positive
my wife had the seabass ... great flavor slightly crusted awesome !	flavor	positive
the sauce was so overwhelming i almost forgot i was eating an enchilada .	sauce	negative
the sauce was so overwhelming i almost forgot i was eating an enchilada .	enchilada	negative
but none was delivered .	delivered	negative
great family style italian .	family	positive
very clean bathrooms .	bathrooms	positive
pam is a great manager and lee keeps it spotless .	pam	positive
pam is a great manager and lee keeps it spotless .	manager	positive
great atmosphere , good food , and good service .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere , good food , and good service .	food	positive
great atmosphere , good food , and good service .	service	positive
good service , convenient location and great food !	service	positive
good service , convenient location and great food !	location	positive
good service , convenient location and great food !	food	positive
great company you can trust !	company	positive
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	food	negative
do n't bring your car here for anything other than an oil change .	oil change	negative
i 'm so glad i found this place !	place	positive
but fortunately , the staff took care of that quickly .	staff	positive
awesome service great prices will always come back .	service	positive
awesome service great prices will always come back .	prices	positive
also , she sold me a sleeping bra that is awful .	sleeping bra	negative
this bar is a complete waste of time .	bar	negative
this is an excellent place for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
the lounge is open until _num_ and the wine selection is great .	lounge	positive
the lounge is open until _num_ and the wine selection is great .	wine selection	positive
one of the worst hotel experiences of my life .	hotel	negative
i had the prime rib and it was like butter .	prime rib	positive
friendly staff , shuffle board and happy hour on saturday .	staff	positive
the salmon and orange chicken were fantastic .	salmon	positive
also the crazy roll is amazing !	roll	positive
me and the boyfriend did not like the food as much .	food	negative
george is a most gracious host and is very proud of his restaurant .	host	positive
the place looks like it needs a major makeover .	place	negative
they did a great job on my nails & price was very reasonable .	nails	positive
they did a great job on my nails & price was very reasonable .	price	positive
a frozen burrito probably would have been better than the food we had .	frozen burrito	negative
a frozen burrito probably would have been better than the food we had .	food	negative
talk about customer service !	customer service	positive
they are not sausage rolls anymore but _num_ or _num_ slices of one .	sausage rolls	negative
they are not sausage rolls anymore but _num_ or _num_ slices of one .	_num_ slices	negative
thanks for a great job .	job	positive
had to go track down the server to get our bill .	server	negative
had to go track down the server to get our bill .	bill	negative
their staff was so friendly and i immediately loved all the amenities offered .	staff	positive
their staff was so friendly and i immediately loved all the amenities offered .	amenities	positive
relaxed efficient service .	service	positive
the long anticipated review of chances are .	chances	positive
prices are competitive , and customer service is average .	prices	positive
prices are competitive , and customer service is average .	customer service	positive
nice little shop to stop and and have a bit of ice cream .	shop	positive
nice little shop to stop and and have a bit of ice cream .	ice cream	positive
if you like a dark room , this is not your place .	room	negative
i thought the value was awesome and the food tasted yummy !	value	positive
i thought the value was awesome and the food tasted yummy !	food	positive
great wings and drinks .	wings	positive
great wings and drinks .	drinks	positive
everyone is drinking and having a good time .	drinking	positive
everyone is drinking and having a good time .	time	positive
all of my plants and trees are doing great .	plants	positive
all of my plants and trees are doing great .	trees	positive
failure to honor the breakfast package .	breakfast package	negative
real ny style .	style	positive
love this place .	place	positive
so bad birthday and hair experience !	birthday	negative
so bad birthday and hair experience !	hair	negative
our waitress was very engaging and made some wonderful recommendations !	waitress	positive
the `` big ass '' burger was delicious i would recommend that to anyone .	burger	positive
best thai place in old town scottsdale .	thai place	positive
this is always a fun place to come in and have a brew .	place	positive
this is always a fun place to come in and have a brew .	brew	positive
also , most of their menu items are n't really that healthy .	menu items	negative
the diner style food was good , and i would recommend the hash browns .	diner style food	positive
the diner style food was good , and i would recommend the hash browns .	hash browns	positive
waited _num_ minutes for the check , .	check	negative
i just love elements .	elements	positive
but our service was the worst i have ever had .	service	negative
we especially like the fun decorations when they are running specials !	decorations	positive
we especially like the fun decorations when they are running specials !	specials	positive
i asked for honor and she said no .	honor	negative
however , this was the worst massage i 've ever had .	massage	negative
the bar serves up great martinis !	bar	positive
the bar serves up great martinis !	martinis	positive
seriously , do not take your clothing to them !	clothing	negative
if you value your money and dont waste your time dining here .	money	positive
if you value your money and dont waste your time dining here .	dining	positive
still out $ _num_ plus not including original procedure .	procedure	negative
such a terrible company .	company	negative
jennifer was only concerned for herself and not my cat .	cat	negative
cool atmosphere and nice outdoor area .	atmosphere	positive
cool atmosphere and nice outdoor area .	outdoor area	positive
fresh vegetables & fruits at reasonable prices .	fresh vegetables & fruits	positive
fresh vegetables & fruits at reasonable prices .	prices	positive
the service sucks , management is terrible .	service	negative
the service sucks , management is terrible .	management	negative
nasty apartments .	apartments	negative
so i went inside anyways and could n't believe how expensive their dishes are .	dishes	negative
we like that it is a small dive bar and located near out house .	dive bar	positive
customer service should always be foremost ... !	customer service	positive
the food was over priced and not anything like mexican food .	food	negative
the food was over priced and not anything like mexican food .	mexican food	negative
the inside has a nice ambience ; great authentic feel .	inside	positive
the inside has a nice ambience ; great authentic feel .	ambience	positive
the inside has a nice ambience ; great authentic feel .	feel	positive
this facility is amazing !	facility	positive
good service , good quality .	service	positive
good service , good quality .	quality	positive
one of my top _num_ favorite mexican food restaurants .	mexican food	positive
i have had the bike for about _num_ months and love it .	bike	positive
the menu was overwhelming .	menu	positive
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
i am a regular and never tire of this wonderful restaurant .	restaurant	positive
thanks for the great food and the outstanding service !	food	positive
thanks for the great food and the outstanding service !	service	positive
service was amazing and quick .	service	positive
the wait time was dumb .	wait time	negative
i ordered two shredded beef tacos and at first glance , they looked alright .	shredded beef tacos	positive
not a place i will go back !	place	negative
do not eat at this place .	place	negative
the room was spacious but no way worth the price .	room	positive
the room was spacious but no way worth the price .	price	negative
i highly recommend chris cooper and the midas scottsdale auto shop .	midas scottsdale	positive
wish we knew that they had bar food _num_ yards past the steakhouse .	bar food	positive
just about every single order we have put in for delivery has been wrong .	delivery	negative
my service was great and the drinks were full all night .	service	positive
my service was great and the drinks were full all night .	drinks	positive
i saved money and got a great education on maintenance and more .	maintenance	positive
for $ _num_ mani/pedi i would definitely suggest you go somewhere else .	$	positive
beautiful healthy plants sold by a very knowledgeable and helpful staff .	plants sold	positive
beautiful healthy plants sold by a very knowledgeable and helpful staff .	staff	positive
excellent hem done quickly and beautifully !	hem	positive
papago brewing company is beyond wonderful !	papago brewing company	positive
please be advised , the store is not cheap !	store	negative
and no refunds for the tickets they bought !	tickets	negative
greasy hard shell tacos , they sucked .	shell tacos	negative
i went to them to correct the bill , which they realized the mistake .	bill	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
margarita nothing special but was $ _num_ .	margarita	positive
gilbert road self storage is the best !	self storage	positive
overnight i see that the price has gone up a dollar .	price	negative
tom and his staff are extremely knowledgeable and professional .	staff	positive
it 's a very relaxed atmosphere , the staff have always been friendly .	atmosphere	positive
it 's a very relaxed atmosphere , the staff have always been friendly .	staff	positive
great service .	service	positive
overall great experience with the service and everything !	service	positive
her personality was the same as cardboard .	personality	negative
possibly the best restaurant around !	restaurant	positive
chicken tacos had bland chicken and came on crunchy shells , which was unexpected .	chicken tacos	negative
also , great service !	service	positive
the required resort fee is a joke .	resort fee	negative
food and service elegant and excellant .	food	positive
food and service elegant and excellant .	service	positive
lobster is delicious , so is the garlic shrimp !	lobster	positive
lobster is delicious , so is the garlic shrimp !	garlic shrimp	positive
check schedule for frequent live music .	schedule	positive
check schedule for frequent live music .	live music	positive
the food is n't clean .	food	negative
_num_ minutes after our reservation time we were finally seated .	reservation	positive
cool mexico atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the people are super nice .	people	positive
even the coffee was good .	coffee	positive
she looked through my pictures and listened to what i liked .	pictures	positive
huge selection - huge fail in customer service .	selection	negative
huge selection - huge fail in customer service .	customer service	negative
scam , inflated prices , work not done on time .	prices	negative
i will definitely be coming back here when i need new tires for sure .	tires	positive
the air conditioning unit in the room is old and noisy .	air conditioning unit	negative
the air conditioning unit in the room is old and noisy .	room	negative
they 're always perfectly done and have a crust that 's just right .	crust	positive
customer service is horrible , and their prices are well above internet pricing .	customer service	negative
customer service is horrible , and their prices are well above internet pricing .	prices	negative
but , the service was the worst i have ever had .	service	negative
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing	negative
the happy hour deals are great !	happy	positive
the happy hour deals are great !	deals	positive
they were prompt at getting someone out to my house , thank you .	house	positive
cowboy ciao is overall well rounded .	cowboy ciao	positive
i love the good egg .	good egg	positive
its also not a very clean park .	park	negative
when i got to the terminal , i called again .	terminal	negative
the store is well organized and the produce always seems fresh .	store	positive
the store is well organized and the produce always seems fresh .	produce	positive
omelets and pancakes were great .	omelets	positive
omelets and pancakes were great .	pancakes	positive
very little to no pain involved in the actual procedure .	pain	negative
avoid sunday football , not well set up for breakfast or coffee .	breakfast	negative
avoid sunday football , not well set up for breakfast or coffee .	coffee	negative
this has to be one of the best fusion combos i have ever had .	fusion combos	positive
so sour taste write off the bat ... then the prices .	prices	negative
burgers are dry , food taste stale including the fries .	burgers	negative
burgers are dry , food taste stale including the fries .	fries	negative
the _num_ % is hella grumpy .	_num_ %	negative
great service .	service	positive
the coffee is the best !	coffee	positive
the male staff , on the other hand , has to wear santa hats .	staff	negative
the male staff , on the other hand , has to wear santa hats .	santa	negative
with the new management , this place has become a lot less awesome .	management	positive
two of us had the fresh snapper tacos and really enjoyed them .	fresh snapper tacos	positive
debbie the office manager has a great staff that attended to all my needs .	office manager	positive
debbie the office manager has a great staff that attended to all my needs .	staff	positive
no flavor , no heat .	flavor	negative
love this place , great customer service !	place	positive
love this place , great customer service !	customer service	positive
stay away , theres many more places that appreciate there customers .	customers	positive
it was slimy because of the grease and the dough was undercooked .	grease	negative
it was slimy because of the grease and the dough was undercooked .	dough	negative
their service is always timely and affordable .	service	positive
a nice find and one you could keep secret please to enjoy !	find	positive
best pizza in old town .	pizza	positive
love this place !	place	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
i just walked out of this place because the waiter completely ignored me .	waiter	negative
i am such a freak for this place ... .	place	negative
horrible work .	work	negative
love this place .	place	positive
great service and friendly staff !	service	positive
great service and friendly staff !	staff	positive
great dive bar !	dive bar	positive
great lunch spot .	lunch spot	positive
i love their potstickers , crab cake salad and of course the margaritas !	potstickers	positive
i love their potstickers , crab cake salad and of course the margaritas !	crab cake salad	positive
i love their potstickers , crab cake salad and of course the margaritas !	margaritas	positive
great service .	service	positive
when i questioned the bartender , she was over the top rude and nasty .	bartender	negative
it 's a keeper !	keeper	positive
outside of the patio , not much to attract me to this place .	patio	negative
outside of the patio , not much to attract me to this place .	place	negative
they fell to measure up to my puppy needs once he became ill .	puppy	negative
awesome food , awesome drinks , awesome staff .	food	positive
awesome food , awesome drinks , awesome staff .	drinks	positive
awesome food , awesome drinks , awesome staff .	staff	positive
smoothies are always good during the hot summer months .	smoothies	positive
they also gave free garlic rolls with the order .	garlic rolls	positive
this place is only for cocktails on the patio for the nice local .	cocktails	positive
this place is only for cocktails on the patio for the nice local .	patio	positive
this place is only for cocktails on the patio for the nice local .	local	positive
overall , their seafood tastes old and fishy .	seafood	positive
pastas are good , pizza is good , salads are good .	pastas	positive
pastas are good , pizza is good , salads are good .	pizza	positive
pastas are good , pizza is good , salads are good .	salads	positive
have found some great gems for some awesome prices .	prices	positive
i 've given this place _num_ chances .	place	positive
great full service shop .	service shop	positive
he opted to pick up the car with nothing but the oil change done .	oil change	negative
the music in the background was awesome .	music	positive
coffee is perfect .	coffee	positive
great donuts !	donuts	positive
great food and entertainment .	food	positive
great food and entertainment .	entertainment	positive
do n't wear heels to this place .	place	negative
food was awesome and service was great .	food	positive
food was awesome and service was great .	service	positive
i only wish there was a manager i could have spoken too .	manager	positive
love this place !	place	positive
their green bean fries and bread are amazing .	green bean fries	positive
their green bean fries and bread are amazing .	bread	positive
great wine list with some excellent selections by the glass .	wine list	positive
great wine list with some excellent selections by the glass .	glass	positive
oh my gosh , this place is amazing !	place	positive
five of us enjoyed a casual and wonderful dinner at blue adobe .	dinner	positive
staff has always been quick , friendly , and very welcoming .	staff	positive
no malt vinegar .	malt vinegar	negative
tasty and authentic food .	food	positive
the owner is very nice and friendly and so is the staff .	owner	positive
the owner is very nice and friendly and so is the staff .	staff	positive
the mojitos were amazing .	mojitos	positive
she did an okay job with the cuticles , but nothing special .	cuticles	positive
we split a homemade flan to top off the meal and it was fantastic .	homemade flan	positive
we split a homemade flan to top off the meal and it was fantastic .	meal	positive
never again will i go to this place .	place	positive
check it out next time you need a cool gift .	gift	positive
you will love this place .	place	positive
i do like tasty burgers .	burgers	positive
absolutely would not recommend this clinic if you care for your animals .	animals	negative
no other establishment has given me an issue when i bring my coffee in .	coffee	positive
that burrito burned all the way down .	burrito	negative
rude customer service .	customer service	negative
complete bs .	bs	positive
i absolutely love love love sephora !	sephora	positive
not long after our food comes .	food	positive
i recommend the sampler appetizer .	sampler appetizer	positive
loved everything about this hotel and resort .	hotel	positive
loved everything about this hotel and resort .	resort	positive
good fast service .	service	positive
the problem is the kitchen .	kitchen	negative
my son eats strawberries everyday , i could n't pass it up !	strawberries	positive
very disappointing in the quality and flavor of the food .	quality	negative
very disappointing in the quality and flavor of the food .	flavor	negative
very disappointing in the quality and flavor of the food .	food	negative
the comedians were good ( some were great ) overall .	comedians	positive
when we mentioned it , the hostess looked confused , but took it away .	hostess	negative
probably the worst italian food i 've ever had at a restaurant .	italian food	negative
love this place !	place	positive
great place !	place	positive
great job .	job	positive
: ) great service !	service	positive
the corn tortillas were sooo dry and chewy .	corn tortillas	negative
my experience was good so i came back when i purchased my new car .	car	positive
me : excuse me , this should have whipped cream and a cherry .	whipped cream	positive
me : excuse me , this should have whipped cream and a cherry .	cherry	positive
best homemade italian food !	homemade italian food	positive
there was no extra cheese .	cheese	negative
this is a quaint place for lunch .	place	positive
this is a quaint place for lunch .	lunch	positive
get new staff , they were just terrible !	staff	negative
the ambience is great - nice and relaxed .	ambience	positive
the service is definitely fast and friendly and the prices are exceptionally reasonable .	service	positive
the service is definitely fast and friendly and the prices are exceptionally reasonable .	prices	positive
friendly service .	service	positive
great food at a reasonable price !	food	positive
great food at a reasonable price !	price	positive
best mexican i have had in old town .	mexican	positive
our server was friendly and attentive and kept our water glass filled .	server	positive
our server was friendly and attentive and kept our water glass filled .	water glass	positive
food was n't terrible but not good either .	food	negative
the food is unhealthy , deep fried and cheap .	food	positive
yum yum yum !	yum	positive
the customer is not always right here , go elsewhere !	customer	negative
great hearty midwest breakfast in chandler .	midwest breakfast	positive
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .	place	negative
great fish & chips !	fish & chips	positive
the outdoor seating was perfect .	outdoor seating	positive
terrible service with very unfriendly waitresses and staff .	service	negative
terrible service with very unfriendly waitresses and staff .	waitresses	negative
terrible service with very unfriendly waitresses and staff .	staff	negative
the staff is awful .	staff	negative
is n't that why we take dresses like that to a dry cleaners ?	dresses	negative
is n't that why we take dresses like that to a dry cleaners ?	dry cleaners	negative
the excuse for raw chicken was that they were `` in a hurry . ''	raw chicken	negative
nancy the bar tender was awesome and the food is fantastic !	bar tender	positive
nancy the bar tender was awesome and the food is fantastic !	food	positive
i love their fish tacos and texas burritos .	fish tacos	positive
i love their fish tacos and texas burritos .	texas burritos	positive
presentation was unique and the staff was quite friendly !	presentation	positive
presentation was unique and the staff was quite friendly !	staff	positive
fred is personable and pleasant to work with .	fred	positive
the listed price is the price and then the regular taxes and fees .	listed price	positive
the listed price is the price and then the regular taxes and fees .	price	positive
the listed price is the price and then the regular taxes and fees .	taxes	negative
the listed price is the price and then the regular taxes and fees .	fees	negative
great vibes , great service , great reading !	vibes	positive
great vibes , great service , great reading !	service	positive
great vibes , great service , great reading !	reading	positive
the room was fine , but i would n't rave about it .	room	positive
great costumer service and clean environment .	costumer service	positive
great costumer service and clean environment .	environment	positive
the room was smelly , musty and obvious cigarette smoke .	room	negative
the room was smelly , musty and obvious cigarette smoke .	cigarette smoke	negative
food was delicious .	food	positive
i believe if he did nothing wrong , he can show me his id .	id	positive
the ride attendants were fun and engaging with the children for the most part .	ride attendants	positive
the malbec by the glass was also very good .	malbec by the glass	positive
ton of fries with my sandwich and the sandwich was pretty good !	fries	positive
ton of fries with my sandwich and the sandwich was pretty good !	sandwich	positive
ton of fries with my sandwich and the sandwich was pretty good !	sandwich	positive
food took a little long but everything came out fantastic .	food	negative
the food is also delicious , my favorite is the bbq pizza .	food	positive
the food is also delicious , my favorite is the bbq pizza .	bbq pizza	positive
really good pork wings and fish tacos .	pork wings	positive
really good pork wings and fish tacos .	fish tacos	positive
we also got a large pepperoni pizza which came out nice and hot !	pepperoni pizza	positive
eclectic decor , good food , and reasonable drinks .	decor	positive
eclectic decor , good food , and reasonable drinks .	food	positive
eclectic decor , good food , and reasonable drinks .	drinks	positive
good breakfast not the best i 've ever had but pretty good .	breakfast	negative
the bummer was no beverage cart when we played saturday and it was _num_ .	beverage cart	negative
coleslaw was the worst i have ever had !	coleslaw	negative
no salads either .	salads	negative
great menu .	menu	positive
got to love that place .	place	positive
it all looks good , but again , the price is too high .	price	negative
they are better off taking the propane out since the service is none existent .	propane	negative
they are better off taking the propane out since the service is none existent .	service	negative
dustin is an absolute hit .	dustin	positive
cowboy ciao is one of my favorite scottsdale restaurants .	cowboy ciao	positive
i sat down at a table and started browsing through the menu .	table	positive
i sat down at a table and started browsing through the menu .	menu	positive
usually never have a bad experience here , usually really nice girls .	girls	positive
dr johnson and his staff are fantastic .	staff	positive
half the price .	price	negative
it 's always had a really laid back atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
desert peaks has now been crossed off our list .	desert peaks	negative
heck , she did n't even tell me the total !	total	negative
service was very good .	service	positive
i do n't know how i can trust this dealership .	dealership	negative
customer service was awesome , the food was fantastic .	customer service	positive
customer service was awesome , the food was fantastic .	food	positive
i love this store and the knowledge of the employees .	store	positive
i love this store and the knowledge of the employees .	employees	positive
one of my favorite places in the valley .	places	positive
one of my favorite places in the valley .	valley	positive
i effing hate this place !	place	negative
this store has an `` f '' rating with the bbb .	store	positive
this store has an `` f '' rating with the bbb .	bbb	positive
this is a must for anyone wanting a tasty southwestern breakfast in scottsdale .	southwestern breakfast	positive
i had a good time walking off my food baby .	food	positive
would you put your feet on the table where a master chef is working ?	table	positive
would you put your feet on the table where a master chef is working ?	master chef	positive
food is shockingly good for the place it is .	food	positive
food is shockingly good for the place it is .	place	positive
being from out of town and getting such poor food was so disappointing !	food	negative
they came with a generous amount of bacon , too .	bacon	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
the staff was very friendly and very professional .	staff	positive
unless you do n't care what your clothes look like , save yourself .	clothes	negative
i gave the bartender ( nj name plate ) $ _num_ .	bartender	positive
the margaritas are good and the food is delicious .	margaritas	positive
the margaritas are good and the food is delicious .	food	positive
everything was fresh and the service was great .	service	positive
the restaurant is full of energy , comfortable , and the food is great .	food	positive
go to this restaurant !	restaurant	positive
i had the carne adovada and it was delicious .	carne adovada	positive
they were trying to help go thru a home warranty company but that failed .	home warranty company	negative
the pizza a pretty good deal considering the quality .	pizza	positive
the pizza a pretty good deal considering the quality .	quality	positive
they did n't do anything with the water heater .	water heater	negative
what a wonderful scenic view of some of the best az desert .	scenic view	positive
what a wonderful scenic view of some of the best az desert .	az desert	positive
i love this office !	office	positive
salt cellar is stuck in the past and in need of a makeover .	salt cellar	negative
salt cellar is stuck in the past and in need of a makeover .	makeover	negative
the upgraded apartments are not actually upgraded they just make it look that way .	upgraded apartments	negative
the service is awful .	service	negative
sat there for _num_ hours with my new born in a dirty waiting room .	waiting room	negative
the atmosphere is really charming and the waitstaff are really friendly .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is really charming and the waitstaff are really friendly .	waitstaff	positive
came here earlier tonight during a storm after seeing the yelp reviews .	yelp reviews	positive
i live _num_ miles from the location .	location	positive
i generally like this location , however today the staff changed that .	location	positive
i generally like this location , however today the staff changed that .	staff	negative
the director is involved and holds high expectations .	director	positive
i got hooked on the food .	food	positive
my favorite pizza place in town .	pizza	positive
just roast beef , cheese and jalapeno sour cream it comes with .	roast beef , cheese	positive
just roast beef , cheese and jalapeno sour cream it comes with .	jalapeno sour cream	positive
i went to complete vacuum , and it was horrible .	vacuum	negative
wow , such a great place .	place	positive
it has a nice but small museum .	museum	positive
amazing customer service .	customer service	positive
out of the _num_ people at the house nobody could eat the food .	food	negative
another person at the table sent his food back because it arrived cold !	food	negative
the fresh baked on site bread is amazing !	fresh baked on site bread	positive
_num_ days later we received a bill for $ _num_ for damaged carpets .	bill	negative
_num_ days later we received a bill for $ _num_ for damaged carpets .	damaged carpets	negative
this store is great .	store	positive
very poor service .	service	negative
second , the service has always been great .	service	positive
good food and portions ... .	food	positive
good food and portions ... .	portions	positive
a few colleagues and i enjoyed dinner here .	dinner	positive
great customer service .	customer service	positive
such a beautiful property !	property	positive
the bacon looked like dried strips of hard leather .	bacon	negative
she truly makes you feel at home at this bar .	bar	positive
a good crowd was on hand , despite the dust storm warning .	crowd	positive
a good crowd was on hand , despite the dust storm warning .	dust storm warning	negative
good selection of food and the prices .	selection of food	positive
good selection of food and the prices .	prices	positive
the furniture is unique and comfortable .	furniture	positive
i 'm someone who loves large portions for breakfast and this place truly delivers .	portions	positive
i 'm someone who loves large portions for breakfast and this place truly delivers .	breakfast	positive
i have a completely different look and i love it .	look	positive
these days , all pizza is not worth the money .	pizza	negative
these days , all pizza is not worth the money .	money	negative
the pizza came about _num_ or so minutes later and it was so good !	pizza	positive
the entire staff was friendly , prompt , and efficient .	staff	positive
breakfast foods are great .	breakfast foods	positive
we 'd love to bring our three daughters and their significant others !	daughters	positive
it 's a shop filled with something for everyone .	shop	positive
great music , interesting people for people watching and great service .	music	positive
great music , interesting people for people watching and great service .	service	positive
open seats in the bar are few & far between !	seats	negative
open seats in the bar are few & far between !	bar	negative
it was very quiet and the pool was very refreshing .	pool	positive
great service from scott .	service	positive
neat , clean and always well stocked .	stocked	positive
they overcharged me and my tattoo was gone one week after getting it done .	tattoo	negative
the museum is beautifully designed and kept .	museum	positive
hubby saw online that they were having a black friday in lawn and garden .	lawn	negative
love the rotating art in the space also .	rotating art	positive
love the rotating art in the space also .	space	positive
the procedure was quick and the staff does an excellent job communicating about everything .	procedure	positive
the procedure was quick and the staff does an excellent job communicating about everything .	staff	positive
amazing customer service !	customer service	positive
the sunday brunch is very nice as well .	sunday brunch	positive
aj 's has some of the prettiest flowers around town right now in stock .	flowers	positive
aj 's has some of the prettiest flowers around town right now in stock .	stock	positive
the location is nice - a lot of people watching opportunity .	location	positive
will always come when we visit arizona !	arizona	positive
there are lots of other options as well , including pastas and seafood .	pastas	positive
there are lots of other options as well , including pastas and seafood .	seafood	positive
-- and the friendly personal service -- and the rubber stamp store next door !	personal service	positive
-- and the friendly personal service -- and the rubber stamp store next door !	rubber stamp	positive
the place was totally empty at like 8pm on a friday night .	place	negative
piper was nowhere to be seen most of the time .	piper	negative
the place was not busy at all .	place	positive
i love the tri tip kabob plate with the rice .	tri tip kabob plate	positive
i love the tri tip kabob plate with the rice .	rice	positive
i ca n't remember the last time i had pizza and disliked my meal .	pizza	negative
i ca n't remember the last time i had pizza and disliked my meal .	meal	negative
i ordered a margarita calzone and the toppings cost $ _num_ .	margarita calzone	positive
i ordered a margarita calzone and the toppings cost $ _num_ .	toppings	positive
the staff has always been friendly , and prompt to fill my prescriptions .	staff	positive
but when it came down to sitting down , there was no booth .	booth	negative
thanks from your friendly pest guy you see in the morning .	pest guy	positive
rice is not right either .	rice	negative
that 's good food .	food	positive
it is a cute little facility with a very calm , cute hospital cat .	facility	positive
it is a cute little facility with a very calm , cute hospital cat .	hospital cat	positive
they hardly mix the ice cream and its run by a bunch of kids .	ice cream	negative
this is a good place to go to find something different .	place	positive
does the pasta come with sauce ?	pasta	positive
does the pasta come with sauce ?	sauce	positive
food was average but the service was terrible !	food	negative
food was average but the service was terrible !	service	negative
this place has the best customer service .	customer service	positive
the beans were crusty and had no flavor .	beans	negative
the pepsi and the side came with the signature combo at no extra charge .	pepsi	positive
the pepsi and the side came with the signature combo at no extra charge .	side	positive
the pizza came out amazing .	pizza	positive
this is one of our go to places for mexican food .	mexican food	positive
i would definitely recommend shopping here .	shopping	positive
great customer service , and my car came out nice and clean .	customer service	positive
great customer service , and my car came out nice and clean .	car	positive
the waitress seemed nice and the service was good .	waitress	positive
the waitress seemed nice and the service was good .	service	positive
it is very clear this business holds itself up to the highest of standards .	business	positive
the view is amazing , the ambiance is relaxed .	view	positive
the view is amazing , the ambiance is relaxed .	ambiance	positive
area were i for my set put on was dirty from a past client .	area	negative
area were i for my set put on was dirty from a past client .	set	negative
good , inexpensive , authentic mexican eats .	mexican eats	positive
they have very attentive sales associates and carry a nice selection of items .	sales	positive
worst company ever .	company	negative
a lot of their food does n't taste good .	food	negative
lots of candy , snacks , ice cream , beverages , and so on !	candy	positive
lots of candy , snacks , ice cream , beverages , and so on !	snacks	positive
lots of candy , snacks , ice cream , beverages , and so on !	ice cream	positive
lots of candy , snacks , ice cream , beverages , and so on !	beverages	positive
great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting .	food	positive
great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting .	service	positive
great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting .	setting	positive
they are a used clothing store , and _num_ .	used clothing store	positive
the pizza was horrible .	pizza	negative
the service is good and so is the ambiance .	service	positive
the service is good and so is the ambiance .	ambiance	positive
servers are attentive and friendly unlike many other comedy clubs i 've been to .	servers	positive
the upstairs had a small dance club and the dj was pretty good .	upstairs	negative
the upstairs had a small dance club and the dj was pretty good .	dance club	negative
the upstairs had a small dance club and the dj was pretty good .	dj	positive
love the food , good service- if you want great thai , come here !	food	positive
love the food , good service- if you want great thai , come here !	service-	positive
love the food , good service- if you want great thai , come here !	thai	positive
the staff is also exceptional !	staff	positive
very good ice cream sundays .	ice cream sundays	positive
this place is my go-to every weekend .	place	positive
i was shocked on how good the pizza was .	pizza	positive
this place is crap !	place	negative
our new breakfast burrito spot .	breakfast burrito spot	positive
this is my go to place for the best italian food in the valley .	italian food	positive
ordered the chicken sandwich and was incredibly pleased !	chicken sandwich	positive
the place had nice ambiance with a wonderful sweet mesquite aroma .	place	positive
the place had nice ambiance with a wonderful sweet mesquite aroma .	ambiance	positive
the place had nice ambiance with a wonderful sweet mesquite aroma .	mesquite aroma	positive
we 're in for a wine tasting and it has been amazing .	wine	positive
penske took wonderful care of my car .	car	positive
if i go back i might try the thai salad or something different .	thai salad	positive
there was a tea party area and a little salon area .	tea party area	positive
there was a tea party area and a little salon area .	salon area	positive
staff always remembers me and goes above and beyond for service .	staff	positive
staff always remembers me and goes above and beyond for service .	service	positive
i love dive bars .	dive bars	positive
mark kia could have at least done an oil change before selling the car .	oil	negative
everything was delicious and the view fantastic .	view	positive
what a fake establishment !	establishment	negative
amazing service , full explanation of the problem and very professional !	service	positive
this is one of the best restaurants i have ever been to .	restaurants	positive
in short i had the best omelette of my life .	omelette	positive
this scottsdale institution is epic in every way .	scottsdale institution	positive
female bartender was very rude .	bartender	negative
i have never been disappointed with the quality of my food .	quality	positive
i have never been disappointed with the quality of my food .	food	positive
very good california burrito !	california burrito	positive
i want subtle garlic as i would like to taste other flavors .	garlic	positive
i want subtle garlic as i would like to taste other flavors .	flavors	positive
doug the manager was so great to work with in planning my 30th birthday .	manager	positive
do yourself a favor and skip this venue .	venue	negative
we saw lots if wildlife , thank you everyone at the dolly steamboat .	wildlife	positive
we saw lots if wildlife , thank you everyone at the dolly steamboat .	dolly steamboat	positive
great place for happy hour with an awesome patio !	patio	positive
make sure you take some extra bbq sauce with you !	bbq sauce	positive
one of the best breakfast spots in the phoenix metro area !	breakfast spots	positive
i highly recommend this place .	place	positive
the pizza , ribs and gooey butter cake are phenomenal .	pizza	positive
the pizza , ribs and gooey butter cake are phenomenal .	ribs	positive
the pizza , ribs and gooey butter cake are phenomenal .	gooey butter cake	positive
the curries were very good , service good , a very pleasant experience .	curries	positive
the curries were very good , service good , a very pleasant experience .	service	positive
we sat at the bar and the bartender was very rude .	bartender	negative
this is a very good local deli .	local deli	positive
love the products .	products	positive
i love the rice that ones with the combo .	rice	positive
excellent restaurant with a high end comfort food menu that really hits the mark !	comfort food menu	positive
the setting is very well done and festive .	setting	positive
philly cheese steaks mediocre .	cheese steaks	negative
let 's count the ways in which the marquee theater sucks .	marquee theater	negative
that ca n't be right , or sanitary .	ca	negative
also lots of groceries to take home with you .	groceries	positive
i would definitely recommend this to other visitors in the area .	area	positive
always get the drink right .	drink	positive
staff is always friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
very relaxing experience .	experience	positive
and the heated pecan pie with gelato , to die for !	heated pecan pie with gelato	positive
the chicken and beef meats look almost identical and basically taste the same .	chicken	negative
the chicken and beef meats look almost identical and basically taste the same .	beef meats	negative
the outside area was relatively quiet and a good place to talk .	outside area	positive
the outside area was relatively quiet and a good place to talk .	place	positive
the food , however , was not up to usual cpk standards .	food	negative
the food , however , was not up to usual cpk standards .	cpk	negative
forget the lettuce for my to go lettuce wraps once , shame on you .	lettuce	negative
the service , for the most part , was friendly and efficient .	service	positive
great atmosphere , great service , and outstanding food .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere , great service , and outstanding food .	service	positive
great atmosphere , great service , and outstanding food .	food	positive
such good deals !	deals	positive
great place !	place	positive
shipping & supplies - fast delivery !	shipping	positive
shipping & supplies - fast delivery !	supplies	positive
shipping & supplies - fast delivery !	delivery	positive
long wait .	wait	negative
it is always a good time but it can be expensive .	time	positive
they appreciate their customers and it shows .	customers	positive
how do you screw up a baked potato ?	baked potato	negative
designer dresses and priced awesome !	designer dresses	positive
designer dresses and priced awesome !	priced	positive
we had an awesome filet mignon salad , meatball sliders , and wonderful desserts .	filet mignon salad	positive
we had an awesome filet mignon salad , meatball sliders , and wonderful desserts .	meatball sliders	positive
we had an awesome filet mignon salad , meatball sliders , and wonderful desserts .	desserts	positive
rolls : we did n't finish most of the rolls .	rolls	negative
rolls : we did n't finish most of the rolls .	rolls	negative
would it kill them to turn on the ac ?	ac	negative
i love the chorizo !	chorizo	positive
great service .	service	positive
false advertising !	advertising	negative
i just feel that the food here is mediocre .	food	negative
i found several perfectly regal items and got out for less than $ _num_ !	items	positive
the bonus is the service .	service	positive
they catered at my sisters wedding !	wedding	positive
always fresh and great service .	service	positive
the produce is very fresh , and at a great price .	produce	positive
the produce is very fresh , and at a great price .	price	positive
ate here last night with my husband for dinner .	dinner	positive
she was beyond rude , my lady was even rolling her eyes .	lady	negative
best of all we had leftovers for the next day .	leftovers	positive
give this place a shot and get a blast from the past .	place	positive
friendly knowledgeable staff always willing to answer questions when you go in .	staff	positive
prices are good and are even better with the culture pass from the library .	prices	positive
prices are good and are even better with the culture pass from the library .	culture	positive
very unique music talent .	music	positive
i would recommend not just paying them but go over your statement .	statement	positive
i highly recommend this and the other breads they offer .	breads	positive
the lamb korma is great , the chicken masala great as well .	lamb korma	positive
the lamb korma is great , the chicken masala great as well .	chicken masala	positive
and for the most part crap bands play here .	bands	negative
i could not believe the poor service and how long it took .	service	negative
the veggie was better tasting than the pepperoni and i 'm not a vegetarian .	veggie	positive
the veggie was better tasting than the pepperoni and i 'm not a vegetarian .	pepperoni	negative
moldy bread was served then replaced .	bread	negative
moldy bread was served then replaced .	served	negative
the service is a-ok but the food i 'm definitely a fan of !	service	negative
the service is a-ok but the food i 'm definitely a fan of !	food	positive
the manager is ever more rude !	manager	negative
this was a wonderful little throw back !	throw	positive
the host that walked us to the table and left without a word .	host	negative
the host that walked us to the table and left without a word .	table	negative
i got the bill and they charged me $ _num_ for _num_ hot dogs .	bill	negative
we ordered a cornbread for the table that was delicious .	cornbread	positive
we ordered a cornbread for the table that was delicious .	table	positive
ordered cajun chicken salad but got the buffalo chicken instead .	cajun chicken salad	negative
ordered cajun chicken salad but got the buffalo chicken instead .	buffalo chicken	negative
the wines are always superb and the list changes monthly .	wines	positive
the wines are always superb and the list changes monthly .	list	positive
all i can say is that i left this place utterly confused .	place	negative
i then asked to speak to the general manager and he was not available .	general manager	negative
the cowboy meatloaf was the first dish i had and it was perfect !	cowboy meatloaf	positive
the cowboy meatloaf was the first dish i had and it was perfect !	dish	positive
awesome place .	place	positive
if u want a great breakfast and nice drinks go here .	breakfast	positive
if u want a great breakfast and nice drinks go here .	drinks	positive
seriously , my baked stuffed shrimp was overcooked .	baked stuffed shrimp	negative
the corona was bubbly and the lime was covered in bubbly goodness !	corona	positive
the corona was bubbly and the lime was covered in bubbly goodness !	lime	positive
good service .	service	positive
the owner and his daughter are wonderful .	owner	positive
the meatballs were excellent and it had plenty of gooey cheese inside .	meatballs	positive
the meatballs were excellent and it had plenty of gooey cheese inside .	cheese	positive
people seem less than friendly here and sorry to say have attitude .	people	negative
great service and friendly atmosphere .	service	positive
great service and friendly atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
they were dry and no sauce was included with the sticks .	sauce	negative
they were dry and no sauce was included with the sticks .	sticks	negative
the massage chairs are nice too .	massage chairs	positive
crazy bread is always a nice addition .	bread	positive
the food is always fresh , the wine selection expansive and the service impeccable .	food	positive
the food is always fresh , the wine selection expansive and the service impeccable .	wine selection	positive
the food is always fresh , the wine selection expansive and the service impeccable .	service	positive
for convenience staying at the hotel ... just go have breakfast .	breakfast	positive
place is too small .	place	negative
this store is awesome !	store	positive
go to pei wei and have the same food for less money .	food	negative
go to pei wei and have the same food for less money .	money	negative
i hate the parking .	parking	negative
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken	negative
for a restaurant located in old scottsdale i would expect better .	located	negative
ra is fun with groups , big or small .	ra	positive
who wants to be around someone after eating raw onions -- gross !	raw onions	negative
very good creamy ice cream and tasty caramel .	creamy ice cream	positive
very good creamy ice cream and tasty caramel .	caramel	positive
turns out they had n't even looked at my car yet .	car	negative
awesome staff !	staff	positive
the staff there is always very nice !	staff	positive
ribs were awesome as always , my wife 's salmon was cooked perfect .	ribs	positive
ribs were awesome as always , my wife 's salmon was cooked perfect .	salmon	positive
great place .	place	positive
it was also hard to wash my hair because of the low water pressure .	water pressure	negative
the ribs and the great beans are great too .	ribs	positive
the ribs and the great beans are great too .	great beans	positive
my kids and i love the bagels here .	bagels	positive
food is great , portions are huge , & good prices .	food	positive
food is great , portions are huge , & good prices .	portions	positive
food is great , portions are huge , & good prices .	prices	positive
horrible service !	service	negative
the worst part ... extra , extra , extra .	part	negative
ready for my two cents ?	cents	positive
it 's the best sushi in the east valley .	sushi	positive
everything was great the outside patio the drinks , service and food !	outside patio	positive
everything was great the outside patio the drinks , service and food !	drinks	positive
everything was great the outside patio the drinks , service and food !	service	positive
everything was great the outside patio the drinks , service and food !	food	positive
our wedding was perfect thanks to you !	wedding	positive
very slow service .	service	negative
but the whole staff should be fired .	staff	negative
one of the best cheese steak subs ever !	cheese steak subs	positive
pecan grilled items steaks , ribs , fish are also always good .	pecan grilled items steaks	positive
pecan grilled items steaks , ribs , fish are also always good .	fish	positive
first _num_ _num_ times clothing was cleaned well .	clothing	positive
this a great antique store .	antique store	positive
our service was good , even on a friday night .	service	positive
i love the location .	location	positive
the employees were n't even doing anything wrong .	employees	positive
the man knows hair .	hair	positive
my friend and i booked _num_ back to back combo tours .	combo tours	positive
my family and i just moved to the area and needed a new dentist .	dentist	positive
( i loved paying those bills ! )	bills	positive
we walked in and the place was empty .	place	negative
the bad : the cheese ... .	cheese	negative
very nice facility .	facility	positive
if i could give this venue zero stars , i would .	venue	positive
there is usually a line , especially after 4pm but it moves pretty quick .	line	negative
much more pleasant to shop there now .	shop	positive
this is the best chuck e cheese around .	chuck e cheese	positive
only a few chips and out of the bottle salsa for starters ?	chips	positive
only a few chips and out of the bottle salsa for starters ?	bottle salsa	positive
shift manager was an asshole .	shift manager	negative
_num_ other tables had already eaten and were finishing up .	tables	negative
went back to the staff and asked for my money back .	staff	negative
went back to the staff and asked for my money back .	money	negative
their appetizers and drinks were great .	appetizers	positive
their appetizers and drinks were great .	drinks	positive
raintree pet resort is simply amazing !	raintree pet resort	positive
the meal was great and had to take home a lot of food .	meal	positive
the meal was great and had to take home a lot of food .	food	positive
then our meeting with the director who was a lovely young lady michelle .	director	positive
then our meeting with the director who was a lovely young lady michelle .	michelle	positive
granola and yogurt infused with honey are homemade .	granola	positive
granola and yogurt infused with honey are homemade .	yogurt infused with honey	positive
i 've never had a more terrible customer experience .	customer	positive
it really was the perfect day .	day	positive
however , the service , unfortunately , could not be any worse !	service	negative
best thai food in the greater phoenix area without a doubt !	thai food	positive
wow , this place is incredible .	place	positive
the sauces are awesome .	sauces	positive
this pharmacy is terrible .	pharmacy	negative
i make this spot a regular stop .	spot	positive
i make this spot a regular stop .	stop	positive
got half of a sliced up chicken breast .	sliced up chicken breast	negative
we always can expect great service and full stomachs .	service	positive
we always can expect great service and full stomachs .	stomachs	positive
it was not bad food .	food	positive
i tried this place twice before the remodel and the food was not good .	food	negative
staff is friendly and love the cafe downstairs .	staff	positive
staff is friendly and love the cafe downstairs .	cafe	positive
not enough to even taste .	taste	negative
other than that , the receptionists are the rudest in the world .	receptionists	negative
no bill .	bill	negative
find great deals here .	deals	positive
it 's a step above pf changs with a lower price .	price	negative
very friendly staff also !	staff	positive
i am pregnant and did not feel like standing in a packed bar .	bar	negative
these are the best gyros in arizona !	gyros	positive
great work guys !	guys	positive
the chocolate cake for dessert was impressive !	chocolate cake for dessert	positive
great pie , pretty good service .	pie	positive
great pie , pretty good service .	service	positive
good selection of beers from all over the world plus local and regional brews .	selection of beers	positive
good selection of beers from all over the world plus local and regional brews .	brews	positive
they were positively mushy inside , and had both hot and cold spots .	spots	negative
i would advise anyone and everyone to avoid this safeway at all cost .	cost	negative
we called room service for towels and it took _num_ minutes to bring them .	room service	negative
we called room service for towels and it took _num_ minutes to bring them .	towels	negative
got the beef wellington which was epic .	beef wellington	positive
it has a nice atmosphere as well , and seems very family oriented .	atmosphere	positive
the texture was just weird .	texture	negative
so many great choices of meats , cheeses , salads , desserts etc .	cheeses	positive
so many great choices of meats , cheeses , salads , desserts etc .	salads	positive
so many great choices of meats , cheeses , salads , desserts etc .	desserts	positive
this was terrible customer service and could have very easily been a non issue .	customer service	negative
they have a large assortment of stuff so theres always stuff available to use .	assortment of stuff	positive
they have a large assortment of stuff so theres always stuff available to use .	stuff	positive
see , i have been here twice before and the service has been awful .	service	negative
the owners have sadly not maintained the restaurant or updated the menu .	owners	negative
the owners have sadly not maintained the restaurant or updated the menu .	menu	negative
i ca n't make it to that location but i respect the extra effort !	location	negative
service sucks and they are dishonest .	service	negative
the plate was covered in a mountain of rice and junk .	plate	negative
the scottsdale center for the performing arts is a gorgeous venue .	scottsdale	positive
the scottsdale center for the performing arts is a gorgeous venue .	performing	positive
the scottsdale center for the performing arts is a gorgeous venue .	venue	positive
trinkets galore .	trinkets	positive
the play was dingy and the service was slow with overpriced sugary goodies .	service	negative
the play was dingy and the service was slow with overpriced sugary goodies .	goodies	negative
it seems like the quality has dipped and the prices have gone up ?	quality	negative
it seems like the quality has dipped and the prices have gone up ?	prices	negative
what a shame to have been to this store .	store	negative
pretty much all food was great .	food	positive
really enjoyed my meal here , also has great comfortable atmosphere !	meal	positive
really enjoyed my meal here , also has great comfortable atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
i also enjoyed that it was inside an actual italian market .	italian market	positive
love the sushi .	sushi	positive
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !	cooked	positive
really good spot for breakfast in scottsdale .	spot	positive
really good spot for breakfast in scottsdale .	breakfast	positive
great service , really interesting brunch menu .	service	positive
great service , really interesting brunch menu .	brunch menu	positive
can not find a worse place to eat within _num_ miles .	place	positive
great little neighborhood bar and grill .	bar	positive
overall we enjoy kona for their crab crunch rolls , calamari and potstickers !	crab crunch rolls	positive
overall we enjoy kona for their crab crunch rolls , calamari and potstickers !	calamari	positive
overall we enjoy kona for their crab crunch rolls , calamari and potstickers !	potstickers	positive
then we moved onto the entrees .	entrees	positive
unbelievably authentic and well priced .	priced	positive
the restaurant itself was beautiful and had a wonderful atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
fantastic products , incredible prices , great people .	products	positive
fantastic products , incredible prices , great people .	prices	positive
i love how it feels like a small town diner .	diner	positive
the owner george is one of the coolest and nicest guys you will meet .	owner	positive
classic tempe location should not be confused with quality food .	tempe location	positive
classic tempe location should not be confused with quality food .	quality food	positive
dance lessons .	dance lessons	positive
cheap ass drinks could n't make up for it .	drinks	negative
really cute place ... .	place	positive
i cut my chimichanga in half and take a bite of my food .	chimichanga	negative
i cut my chimichanga in half and take a bite of my food .	food	positive
totally not my favorite place to go .	place	negative
the office staff is friendly & helpful and appointments are easy to schedule .	office staff	positive
the greek salad was delicious and generous in size for a moderate price .	greek salad	positive
the greek salad was delicious and generous in size for a moderate price .	price	positive
service was excellent .	service	positive
some seriously tasty pizza .	pizza	positive
i love the orange table and you will too ... .	orange table	positive
the wine selection was very good .	wine selection	positive
the free valet parking , the service , and view is just the beginning .	valet parking	positive
the free valet parking , the service , and view is just the beginning .	service	positive
the free valet parking , the service , and view is just the beginning .	view	positive
thank you for the fantastic service and care !	service	positive
thank you for the fantastic service and care !	care	positive
oh , i almost forgot , i had the clam chowder .	clam chowder	positive
the hotel itself gets zero stars .	hotel	negative
totally loved having our wedding on the dolly ... what a great experience .	wedding	positive
i will be there with my girls ... woohoo !	girls	positive
my husband and i sat on their front patio for happy hour .	front patio	positive
the staff is amazing and food is always fresh .	staff	positive
the staff is amazing and food is always fresh .	food	positive
food was excellent as always .	food	positive
i would not return and at these prices , they should be ashamed .	prices	negative
i will always be grateful to susan and her staff .	staff	positive
friendly service and great food .	service	positive
friendly service and great food .	food	positive
bring lots of eater and sunscreen and food and snacks !	eater	positive
bring lots of eater and sunscreen and food and snacks !	sunscreen	positive
bring lots of eater and sunscreen and food and snacks !	food	positive
the drink girl said last call at noon with an 11:30 tee time .	drink girl	positive
the people watching is the best since the location is right off camelback .	people	positive
the people watching is the best since the location is right off camelback .	location	positive
some of the finest thai food in the valley .	thai food	positive
quick , friendly service .	service	positive
this is a cool spot .	spot	positive
the service is great .	service	positive
do not get a car here !	car	negative
new health dental is wonderful .	health dental	positive
this was a great restaurant in old town scottsdale .	restaurant	positive
a must to eat here .	must	positive
the salads were even bad .	salads	negative
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	salsa	positive
this night , at this location , our service was outstanding .	service	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
the hollandaise was creamy with just a hint of citrus tart .	hollandaise	positive
the hollandaise was creamy with just a hint of citrus tart .	citrus tart	positive
we had our follow up appt today & everyone again was so very nice .	appt	positive
sparkling wine + cranberry juice .	sparkling wine	positive
sparkling wine + cranberry juice .	cranberry juice	positive
the place was very clean and i liked the artwork and decor .	place	positive
the place was very clean and i liked the artwork and decor .	artwork	positive
the place was very clean and i liked the artwork and decor .	decor	positive
the park looks like they need to do some major renovations .	park	negative
i moved here four years ago and wanted a good mexican place .	mexican place	positive
best chocolate cake , apple fritters , cinnamon rolls and donut holes ever .	chocolate cake	positive
best chocolate cake , apple fritters , cinnamon rolls and donut holes ever .	apple fritters	positive
best chocolate cake , apple fritters , cinnamon rolls and donut holes ever .	cinnamon rolls	positive
best chocolate cake , apple fritters , cinnamon rolls and donut holes ever .	donut holes	positive
amazingly terrible service .	service	negative
service was great !	service	positive
pizza is a little below average , i think .	pizza	negative
really cool and historical place .	place	positive
the inside looked pretty clean but there were spots that were just completely ignored .	inside	positive
the food is great and the service was impeccable .	food	positive
the food is great and the service was impeccable .	service	positive
if the blood work came back normal , they would need to do x-rays .	blood work	negative
the staff is so friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
i love chandler eyecare !	eyecare	positive
vca emergency was amazing !	vca	positive
the bartenders are friendly and deliver great service .	bartenders	positive
the bartenders are friendly and deliver great service .	service	positive
when i went back with my wife , the treatment was completely different .	treatment	negative
thank you so much bill !	bill	positive
she also got the order wrong .	order	negative
service was friendly and prompt .	service	positive
really one of the best places i 've been to .	places	positive
in addition , make sure that you try their coffee .	coffee	positive
this should be the last place on your list to look at .	list	negative
definitely the kind of place i enjoy supporting .	place	positive
service left something to be desired .	service	negative
the decor is an old library mixed with a rundown dive bar .	decor	positive
the decor is an old library mixed with a rundown dive bar .	dive bar	negative
tortilla freshly made .	tortilla	positive
what am i , chopped liver ?	chopped liver	negative
wow i am impressed every dish i tried was was wonderful .	dish	positive
so far , great customer service .	customer service	positive
this dillard 's location is very nice .	dillard	positive
this dillard 's location is very nice .	location	positive
and leftovers as well !	leftovers	positive
this place is wonderful the food is great and the service was top notch .	food	positive
this place is wonderful the food is great and the service was top notch .	service	positive
they also have a nice drink menu and an extensive wine list .	drink menu	positive
they also have a nice drink menu and an extensive wine list .	wine list	positive
served me raw chicken .	served	negative
served me raw chicken .	raw chicken	positive
it has free wifi .	wifi	positive
but their inventory was questionable !	inventory	negative
i always go see tony and love his work .	work	positive
and the food made me sick as a dog .	food	negative
i always get amazing food here .	food	positive
got very good service here .	service	positive
food is very fresh and amazing !	food	positive
she took the item off and did not even acknowledge the long wait .	wait	negative
jeff helped me get quality products into my car at a good price .	quality products	positive
jeff helped me get quality products into my car at a good price .	price	positive
bad customer service .	customer service	negative
worth the wait on the weekends .	wait	positive
these guys care about their craft and love talking bikes .	bikes	positive
their garden salad is generous .	garden salad	positive
the worst customer experience ever !	customer experience	negative
definitely a good lunch restaurant .	lunch restaurant	positive
worst customer service practice i 've ever encountered .	customer service practice	negative
this place is a little gem !	place	positive
dr. g and her staff are so amazing and friendly !	staff	positive
the green chile burritos were so flavorful and the sauce was amazing !	green chile burritos	positive
the green chile burritos were so flavorful and the sauce was amazing !	sauce	positive
poor customer service .	customer service	negative
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	service	positive
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	food	positive
ai n't no way lol .	ai	negative
rude staff .	staff	negative
christopher was on top of it !	christopher	positive
they carry the best products ( aveda ) .	products	positive
they carry the best products ( aveda ) .	aveda	positive
the platter was massive and well presented however the cheeses were boring .	platter	positive
the platter was massive and well presented however the cheeses were boring .	cheeses	negative
get rid of the gift shop and hang more art !	gift shop	negative
get rid of the gift shop and hang more art !	art	positive
the food was excellent .	food	positive
cool spot , very helpful and friendly salespeople .	spot	positive
cool spot , very helpful and friendly salespeople .	salespeople	positive
this place has a nice relaxed feel .	place	positive
this place has a nice relaxed feel .	feel	positive
but , we never did get to try that pizza !	pizza	positive
good food and drinks but just a tad pricy for the portions .	food	positive
good food and drinks but just a tad pricy for the portions .	drinks	positive
good food and drinks but just a tad pricy for the portions .	portions	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
do yourself a favor and make sure to try their food !	food	positive
it 's a first class event .	first class	positive
the best place for chinese cuisine in the phoenix metro area .	chinese cuisine	positive
we sat outside and the patio was just perfect .	patio	positive
yes , i do n't care if i pick up a pig .	pig	negative
excellent delivery chinese food .	delivery chinese food	positive
the spa was wonderful .	spa	positive
prices are great ( especially for lunch ) .	prices	positive
prices are great ( especially for lunch ) .	lunch	positive
i highly recommend this shop .	shop	positive
elements just does n't match up .	elements	negative
it 's a great place for a date or entertaining business associates .	business	positive
we enjoyed red wine and some after dinner drinks as well .	red wine	positive
we enjoyed red wine and some after dinner drinks as well .	after dinner drinks	positive
food , drinks and wine -- -- all so good .	food	positive
food , drinks and wine -- -- all so good .	drinks	positive
food , drinks and wine -- -- all so good .	wine	positive
they did great work at a reasonable price .	price	positive
i signed my spouse up for the end of the month as well !	spouse	positive
the worst fish & chips ever !	fish & chips	negative
great customer service , definitely going back next time i 'm in the area .	customer service	positive
her attitude was terrible .	attitude	negative
the food is your typical mexican chain food .	food	positive
the food is your typical mexican chain food .	mexican chain food	positive
consistently wonderful service .	service	positive
the new menu is confusing and the selection is too small .	menu	negative
the new menu is confusing and the selection is too small .	selection	negative
every time they do n't have the food on the menu .	food	negative
every time they do n't have the food on the menu .	menu	negative
great and quick service .	service	positive
the only good thing i experienced at this restaurant was the gluten-free crust pizza .	gluten-free crust pizza	positive
their breakfast sandwhiches are delicious and really filling .	breakfast sandwhiches	positive
comfortable atmosphere great place to be .	atmosphere	positive
good appetizers , soup , specials are a good value .	appetizers	positive
good appetizers , soup , specials are a good value .	soup , specials	positive
i definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
but if you 're looking for great sushi , go elsewhere .	sushi	positive
they delivered my food fast and hot .	food	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
ruined a thanksgiving dinner that 's for sure .	thanksgiving dinner	negative
margaritas are also very tasty .	margaritas	positive
i am still very pleased with the food .	food	positive
best margherita pizza i have found so far .	margherita pizza	positive
this place has got them - all kinds , all sizes !	place	positive
not a good idea to have the bartender wait tables .	bartender wait tables	negative
great meal and service in a strip mall .	meal	positive
great meal and service in a strip mall .	service	positive
great meal and service in a strip mall .	strip mall	positive
i ordered an iced tea as my beverage and he never brought it .	iced tea	negative
needless to say we left without eating but with time wasted .	time	negative
this was the worst service i 've ever gotten anywhere - ever !	service	negative
the theater has no seating as well .	theater	negative
the theater has no seating as well .	seating	negative
we have been patrons now for _num_ years and will definitely keep coming back !	patrons	positive
the property is well kept and the rooms where huge .	property	positive
the property is well kept and the rooms where huge .	rooms	positive
a great place to to just wander after the gym .	place	positive
a great place to to just wander after the gym .	gym	positive
the food was delicious .	food	positive
my wife said only fried rice was ok .	fried rice	negative
they definitely bring a lot of food for you , portions are huge !	food	positive
they definitely bring a lot of food for you , portions are huge !	portions	positive
they still write out your bill by hand .	bill	positive
people were yelling in the kitchen and not cooking food .	food	negative
( sorry to late ) _num_ years ago this place was great .	place	positive
no frills , just nice fresh sushi !	sushi	positive
the chicken in the chicken chow mein was not chicken .	chicken in the chicken chow mein	negative
the hash brown were buttery and excellent too .	hash brown	positive
the food is delicious and the service is superb !	food	positive
the food is delicious and the service is superb !	service	positive
i mean it was so black , i thought i was eating a charcoal .	charcoal	negative
nice patio .	patio	positive
thanks for the hospitality .	hospitality	positive
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .	thai	positive
overall we had a terrible experience and it was an awful $ _num_ spent .	$	negative
best autozone ever , the employees are always great .	autozone	positive
best autozone ever , the employees are always great .	employees	positive
great service .	service	positive
waitress was all over it and did a great job .	waitress	positive
nice atmosphere and easy to get in and out for a quick meal .	atmosphere	positive
nice atmosphere and easy to get in and out for a quick meal .	meal	positive
i 've never been so disrespected by staff and management as i have here .	staff	positive
i 've never been so disrespected by staff and management as i have here .	management	positive
my friend had no waited _num_ minutes for her pedicure .	waited _num_	negative
my friend had no waited _num_ minutes for her pedicure .	pedicure	negative
the food was outstanding and well worth the price .	food	positive
the food was outstanding and well worth the price .	price	positive
the appetizers were good .	appetizers	positive
ordered pecan chicken salad .	pecan chicken salad	positive
it is a very beautiful and romantic setting .	setting	positive
good crowd and speedy service !	crowd	positive
good crowd and speedy service !	service	positive
great couples mexican restaurant .	couples mexican restaurant	positive
i used to frequent this restaurant about ten years ago often .	restaurant	positive
i tried this place for the first time .	place	positive
prices were great too.	prices	positive
dodge electric responded first and with the 2nd best price .	price	positive
guitar gallery rocks !	guitar gallery	positive
fantastic chopped salad .	chopped salad	positive
top notch service & the best filet mignon in the world .	service	positive
top notch service & the best filet mignon in the world .	filet mignon	positive
pretty basic food choices , but really cute interior .	food choices	positive
pretty basic food choices , but really cute interior .	interior	positive
i really like this restaurant !	restaurant	positive
no refund given , no call returned from management .	call	negative
no refund given , no call returned from management .	management	negative
our dog feels comfortable there and they treat her very well .	dog	positive
love these girls !	girls	positive
everything is good and the service is top notch .	service	positive
had the most wonderful short rib i 've ever tasted .	short rib	positive
delicious breakfast burrito .	breakfast burrito	positive
the atmosphere is n't too stuffy and usually entertaining .	atmosphere	negative
they have saved my television each time and for a very reasonable price .	price	positive
we just checked in and out of the camelback inn .	camelback inn	positive
the walgreens i lived by before was so much better than this one .	walgreens	positive
sometimes the mashed potatoes tasted boxed and gross .	mashed potatoes	negative
huge drinks and cool people .	drinks	positive
huge drinks and cool people .	people	positive
been here a few times and every time the food is just great .	food	positive
they are open late , always friendly and have good fresh food .	fresh food	positive
i would have giving zero star but that was not an option .	star	negative
i 'm sad to say that this place has truly fallen from grace .	place	negative
i went to train with big mark and i had a great experience !	mark	positive
good portion sizes .	portion sizes	positive
chopped liver and great bread to start out .	chopped liver	positive
chopped liver and great bread to start out .	bread	positive
the ingredients were horrible .	ingredients	negative
these guys are amazing !	guys	positive
i always had great fresh pizza , served by friendly folks .	fresh pizza	positive
i always had great fresh pizza , served by friendly folks .	served	positive
the food was good and came quickly .	food	positive
it tasted like butt .	butt	negative
our room was very clean and the mattress was real comfortable .	room	positive
our room was very clean and the mattress was real comfortable .	mattress	positive
bmw is the worst product i have ever purchased .	product	negative
the salon was not good neither the treatment of the manager .	salon	negative
the salon was not good neither the treatment of the manager .	manager	negative
he got me set up and my car back really quick .	car	positive
tonight we received awful service from a server .	service	negative
tonight we received awful service from a server .	server	negative
great place to hang out and watch sports !	sports	positive
although the food was mediocre , our waitress emily made the whole experience amazing .	food	negative
although the food was mediocre , our waitress emily made the whole experience amazing .	waitress	positive
this restaurant was an experience in food and entertainment .	food	positive
this restaurant was an experience in food and entertainment .	entertainment	positive
they also claimed they ran out of pillows and could n't provide anymore .	pillows	negative
highly recommend the trout !	trout	positive
never tried the grill but always looks great .	grill	positive
the wings are mediocre .	wings	negative
this place is amazing !	place	positive
the guacamole was nothing to write home about .	guacamole	negative
mike and the guys at pep boys continue to impress me !	guys	positive
i was wanting to rent for _num_ whole months .	rent	positive
definitely recommend dr jones !	dr	positive
love the relaxed atmosphere & excellent service & food .	atmosphere	positive
love the relaxed atmosphere & excellent service & food .	service	positive
love the relaxed atmosphere & excellent service & food .	food	positive
kyoto 's hidden secret is its great lunch specials .	lunch specials	positive
it 's either drive-thru or walk-in , like any other fast food place !	place	negative
my husband loved his fish taco salad .	fish taco salad	positive
love the view of the mountains on the patio .	view	positive
kids and i had the pizza and wings special .	pizza	positive
kids and i had the pizza and wings special .	wings special	positive
i highly recommend it for seafood loving families !	seafood	positive
i highly recommend it for seafood loving families !	families	positive
the salon is super cute and very clean .	salon	positive
again , no call , no nothing .	call	negative
i love the happy hour !	happy hour	positive
love their pizza !	pizza	positive
seriously the worst and most over priced nail salon i have ever been to .	nail salon	negative
the soup base itself was far too sweet .	soup base	negative
there is a nice hot tub , pool , gym and complimentary breakfast .	hot tub	positive
there is a nice hot tub , pool , gym and complimentary breakfast .	pool	positive
there is a nice hot tub , pool , gym and complimentary breakfast .	breakfast	positive
needless to say , this store does not deserve one star .	store	negative
when i moved to az and found another bandera , i was thrilled .	az	positive
when i moved to az and found another bandera , i was thrilled .	bandera	positive
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .	food	positive
the patio is fantastic on a nice evening in the summer .	patio	positive
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	burgers	negative
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	meat	negative
the food is just ok .	food	negative
i will continue to come to this location .	location	positive
excellent service this go around !	service	positive
perfect for lunch .	lunch	positive
both servers could of cared less if we were in the building .	servers	negative
it also has a really nice patio .	patio	positive
the cashiers are worthless .	cashiers	negative
sesame chicken ( $ _num_ ) - excellent sauce .	sesame chicken (	positive
sesame chicken ( $ _num_ ) - excellent sauce .	sauce	positive
amazing pizza and that pear and walnut salad is fabulous !	pizza	positive
amazing pizza and that pear and walnut salad is fabulous !	pear and walnut salad	positive
the duck breast was excellent .	duck breast	positive
i think she liked hers , she got the almond chicken .	almond chicken	positive
i also love their salsa .	salsa	positive
i spent _num_ dollars on glasses they said would fit and do n't .	glasses	negative
the caesar salad was n't that bad , but neither special .	caesar salad	positive
the best thing about this bar is the drink specials .	bar	positive
the best thing about this bar is the drink specials .	drink specials	positive
it was a great place , very spacious , though a little dated .	place	positive
i loved this office .	office	positive
they did away with garlic cheese beer bread ?	garlic cheese beer bread	negative
my wife approached the manager and said this is n't right .	manager	negative
today was the first worst service that my friend and i have received .	service	negative
my favorite brewery around .	brewery	positive
every time we go the food is fantastic !	food	positive
this place is huge and clean .	place	positive
do not go eat here or pick up food .	food	negative
they loved the food , service and ambiance .	food	positive
they loved the food , service and ambiance .	service	positive
they loved the food , service and ambiance .	ambiance	positive
i absolutely love this place !	place	positive
i love the entire staff .	staff	positive
beautiful scenery and drive out to lake was nice .	scenery	positive
beautiful scenery and drive out to lake was nice .	drive	positive
there was only _num_ other person in the er waiting room .	er waiting room	negative
great food , good prices , and the customer service is too notch .	food	positive
great food , good prices , and the customer service is too notch .	prices	positive
great food , good prices , and the customer service is too notch .	customer service	positive
very helpful staff .	staff	positive
do n't get me started on the staff !	staff	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
the staff here was nice , professional , and quick to help me .	staff	positive
not good business practice !	business practice	negative
the salsa is not fresh .	salsa	negative
not a place i would return to ... .	place	negative
friendly , fast service !	service	positive
nice wine selection offered !	wine selection	positive
went with the rave about the tamales and loved them !	tamales	positive
we ordered almost all the dishes on the appetizer menu and they were great .	dishes	positive
we ordered almost all the dishes on the appetizer menu and they were great .	appetizer menu	positive
service was really slow .	service	negative
the photographer was about _num_ years old with no experience !	photographer	negative
the food is incredible , especially the stacked enchiladas .	food	positive
the food is incredible , especially the stacked enchiladas .	stacked enchiladas	positive
i would recommend this office to anyone who values good customer service !	customer service	positive
this place was great .	place	positive
the ring is beyond beautiful - delicate and perfect in every way .	ring	positive
the lady that came to clean my room was even nice .	lady	positive
the lady that came to clean my room was even nice .	room	positive
he loves nice clothes and we saved a ton !	clothes	positive
i always get my tomatoes from them and they do great every year !	tomatoes	positive
just do n't expect any service if you are female .	service	negative
i will gladly report that this store 's restrooms are immaculately clean .	restrooms	positive
an _num_ hour grooming appointment is ridiculous and unacceptable .	grooming appointment	negative
downtown scottsdale nails is perfect place to bring your nails .	nails	positive
downtown scottsdale nails is perfect place to bring your nails .	place	positive
this was my first time playing this course and is is well maintained .	course	positive
i absolutely love authentic mexican food and this place does not disappoint .	mexican food	positive
this is the worst state farm i have been with .	state farm	negative
the service is friendly and prompt and the food is always delicious .	service	positive
the service is friendly and prompt and the food is always delicious .	food	positive
had a nice dinner here .	dinner	positive
the seating area is crowded with furniture that obviously does n't suit the space .	seating area	negative
the seating area is crowded with furniture that obviously does n't suit the space .	furniture	negative
the seating area is crowded with furniture that obviously does n't suit the space .	space	negative
this restaurant is outstanding in every way !	restaurant	positive
without fail the shrimp taco is a hit !	shrimp taco	positive
i had a very pleasant experience with this company .	company	positive
their building is very nice and staff were all very professional .	building	positive
their building is very nice and staff were all very professional .	staff	positive
one of the worst nail salons i have ever been to .	nail salons	negative
they have great kids meals for inexpensive and large portions .	kids meals	positive
they have great kids meals for inexpensive and large portions .	portions	positive
the service was good , very nice lady !	service	positive
this place is still as good _num_ years after i started eating there .	place	positive
beans were bland and tortilla was somewhat stale .	beans	negative
beans were bland and tortilla was somewhat stale .	tortilla	negative
spicy bloody mary 's .	spicy bloody	positive
good food , good beer , affordable , and most importantly ... character .	food	positive
good food , good beer , affordable , and most importantly ... character .	beer	positive
good food , good beer , affordable , and most importantly ... character .	character	positive
the only saving grace of the awful restaurant was the guacamole .	guacamole	negative
worth checking out for sure if you like hot food !	hot food	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
he told brian that the delivery guy would be there in _num_ minutes .	delivery guy	positive
great place !	place	positive
not impressed with this hotel .	hotel	negative
you get one small bar per stay of either but not both .	bar	negative
you get one small bar per stay of either but not both .	stay	negative
we ate over lunch and spent about $ _num_ .	lunch	positive
their menu was very easy to look a everything at a glance .	menu	positive
prices were exceptional for the quantity and quality of our food .	prices	positive
prices were exceptional for the quantity and quality of our food .	quantity	positive
prices were exceptional for the quantity and quality of our food .	quality	positive
prices were exceptional for the quantity and quality of our food .	food	positive
the breakfast seems more like buffet food .	breakfast	negative
the mango was very tart and overall bland .	mango	negative
no ac !	ac	negative
good place to eat .	place	positive
i ordered _num_ wings and _num_ breasts ( paying extra mind you ) .	breasts	negative
the food was bland across the board .	food	negative
sometimes places need to die ( just like we all do someday ) .	places	negative
unbelievably horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
i called to complain and only received a refund on the chicken and vegetables .	chicken and vegetables	negative
chorizo and egg was perfect !	chorizo and egg	positive
he came back the next day and treated for big headed ants .	ants	negative
it was a great show .	show	positive
we had a very nice time on the dolly steamboat today .	dolly steamboat	positive
i was hosting a baby shower and ordered food from roberts .	baby shower	positive
i was hosting a baby shower and ordered food from roberts .	food	positive
had dinner last night at ra in scottsdale and was very pleased .	dinner	positive
his office staff is very helpful and friendly .	office staff	positive
hand crafted with unique ingredients .	ingredients	positive
it is great to have one with busy lives .	lives	positive
love the hours !	hours	positive
if i could do negative stars i would .	stars	negative
great prices and great produce .	prices	positive
great prices and great produce .	produce	positive
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	gyro place kings	positive
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	sauce	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
but i just ca n't get into your pizza .	pizza	negative
i would never go back here , the vet is rude and arrogant .	vet	negative
great job and great price .	price	positive
all their dishes look amazing here !	dishes	positive
and tony is a great host .	host	positive
terrible service .	service	negative
only one reason for the second star and that was the considerate employees !	employees	positive
great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
the sausage sandwich was excellent .	sausage sandwich	positive
awful service and unremarkable food .	service	negative
awful service and unremarkable food .	food	negative
mmmm the cakes kinda dense but soo good !	cakes	positive
we all ate cereal at home it was so bad .	cereal	negative
_num_ times i 've tired to get decent delivery .	delivery	negative
we love this place .	place	positive
after signing the paperwork i was informed they do n't take debit cards .	debit cards	negative
my absolute favorite store on the planet !	store	positive
when i complained to the owner she was rude and angry .	owner	negative
my husband had a tasteless tortilla soup .	tortilla soup	negative
the ambiance is always good , the sushi is great !	ambiance	positive
the ambiance is always good , the sushi is great !	sushi	positive
even better , the staff and owner always remember me !	staff	positive
even better , the staff and owner always remember me !	owner	positive
eating and dinning in bar area is fun people watching lol .	bar area	positive
eating and dinning in bar area is fun people watching lol .	lol	positive
perfect for meetings where you need easy food .	food	positive
the server was great .	server	positive
the pieces are also very reasonable .	pieces	positive
the main entrance is very cute too .	main entrance	positive
but regardless , this place is a `` must go to '' .	place	positive
no sorry for the long wait .	wait	positive
compared to old town , the give next to nothing .	give	negative
then our server switched , but failed to tell the new server our order .	server	negative
then our server switched , but failed to tell the new server our order .	server	negative
i approached an older man in street clothes who appeared to be an owner .	street	negative
i approached an older man in street clothes who appeared to be an owner .	owner	negative
seriously stay away from this money trap .	money trap	negative
great crust , delicious sauce , tasty cheese and perfect texture .	crust	positive
great crust , delicious sauce , tasty cheese and perfect texture .	sauce	positive
great crust , delicious sauce , tasty cheese and perfect texture .	cheese	positive
great customer service but really packed .	customer service	positive
she 's a sweet little thing and loves her patients too !	patients	positive
very nice , very efficient and speedy service !	service	positive
such a great little shop with delicious sandwiches - fresh bread and flavorful meats .	sandwiches	positive
such a great little shop with delicious sandwiches - fresh bread and flavorful meats .	meats	positive
i can honestly say i have never been so happy with my hair .	hair	positive
love all of the food at nypd pizza .	food	positive
people , you 've been warned !	people	negative
the staff is very friendly , helpful and professional .	staff	positive
the programs turned out beautifully and they were the perfect addition to the wedding .	programs	positive
great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
it was so nice having a fireplace in the room !	fireplace	positive
it was so nice having a fireplace in the room !	room	positive
all four of us agreed the food was excellent !	food	positive
excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
i highly recommend discount tire to anyone !	discount tire	positive
we ordered the chicken monterey , build your tacos , along with green enchiladas .	chicken monterey	positive
we ordered the chicken monterey , build your tacos , along with green enchiladas .	green enchiladas	positive
wait .	wait	negative
a great place with a warm , friendly , classy atmosphere .	place	positive
a great place with a warm , friendly , classy atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
good food , good service , good atmosphere , good company !	food	positive
good food , good service , good atmosphere , good company !	service	positive
good food , good service , good atmosphere , good company !	atmosphere	positive
drinks are cheaper too .	drinks	positive
bad return policy !	return policy	negative
staff is not very nice and hate the drive thru .	staff	negative
grazie is a very good place for pizza !	pizza	positive
this was absolutely the worst customer service experience i 've ever had .	customer service	negative
great service and good food .	service	positive
great service and good food .	food	positive
rude and arrogant waiter .	waiter	negative
i like spicy food and this had me sweating a bit .	spicy food	positive
great location and it is super affordable .	location	positive
the waitress we had seemed to be unfriendly and we felt rushed .	waitress	negative
pretty clean for an older place .	place	negative
the decor is very modern and clean , and the food is delish !	decor	positive
the decor is very modern and clean , and the food is delish !	food	positive
a favorite place for more than a decade .	place	positive
their cannoli was really good too .	cannoli	positive
and this place fits the bill .	place	positive
and this place fits the bill .	bill	positive
its pretty good but i 'm usually there for the chips !	chips	positive
on a saturday night at 7:00 pm , this place was out of manicotti .	manicotti	negative
reservations are strongly recommended .	reservations	positive
i had the grilled cheese and it was hard and dry !	grilled cheese	negative
the espresso was atrocious .	espresso	negative
the portions were humongous and it was very delicious .	portions	positive
had n't been to the location since the remodel .	location	negative
the pizza is fabulous and the salads are awesome .	pizza	positive
the pizza is fabulous and the salads are awesome .	salads	positive
the food is amazing but that was expected .	food	positive
they painted every wall in the place .	wall	negative
the service was extremely slow , especially waiting for drinks from the bar .	service	negative
the service was extremely slow , especially waiting for drinks from the bar .	drinks	negative
the service was extremely slow , especially waiting for drinks from the bar .	bar	negative
the best auto shop around .	auto shop	positive
all in all a good dining experience .	dining experience	positive
terrible food .	food	negative
store is pretty nice , well organized .	store	positive
my dad jokes there was vodka in her water bottle .	vodka	negative
my dad jokes there was vodka in her water bottle .	water bottle	negative
bottom line save your time and money just go straight to somewhere else .	money	positive
the taste of their food is very consistent and the quality is always awesome .	taste	positive
the taste of their food is very consistent and the quality is always awesome .	food	positive
the taste of their food is very consistent and the quality is always awesome .	quality	positive
this is one of my favorite places in old town .	places	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
i 've ordered carry out pizza at least a dozen times from this place .	pizza	negative
awesome place to chill out .	place	positive
the restaurant is clean inside and the staff is nice and friendly .	staff	positive
i 'm all about food though .	food	positive
we recently went there for dinner and the service was awful .	dinner	negative
we recently went there for dinner and the service was awful .	service	negative
the decor was pretty solid and had a country feel .	decor	positive
our server was friendly and helpful .	server	positive
i am almost embarrassed to show people my new carpet .	carpet	negative
in the bar , amazing affordable bar menu !	bar	positive
in the bar , amazing affordable bar menu !	bar menu	positive
ok , first i can say nothing bad about the room or amenities .	room	positive
ok , first i can say nothing bad about the room or amenities .	amenities	positive
had we not gone through drive through i would not have accepted the food .	food	negative
i 'm so thankful that lindsay l. recommended this place .	place	positive
my friend had a random ass vegetable in his burrito ( broccoli ) .	vegetable	positive
my friend had a random ass vegetable in his burrito ( broccoli ) .	burrito ( broccoli )	positive
the price was very reasonable for all the work they did .	price	positive
generous sizes , delicious pizza , and friendly service .	sizes	positive
generous sizes , delicious pizza , and friendly service .	pizza	positive
generous sizes , delicious pizza , and friendly service .	service	positive
complimentary chips and salsa arrived and we loved both .	chips	positive
complimentary chips and salsa arrived and we loved both .	salsa	positive
our drinks took a while to get and one of them was forgotten twice .	drinks	negative
good to see that they have fresh juices .	fresh juices	positive
potatoes swimming in oil and no flavor .	potatoes swimming in oil	negative
potatoes swimming in oil and no flavor .	flavor	negative
really liked the feel of this place .	feel	positive
really liked the feel of this place .	place	positive
but no , this barista keeps having this conversation .	barista	negative
the food is mediocre and so are the drinks .	food	negative
the food is mediocre and so are the drinks .	drinks	negative
our waitress was excellent !	waitress	positive
so glad i found this place , and in my neighborhood at that .	place	positive
do n't waste your money !	money	positive
really nice pool , clean , and dog friendly .	pool	positive
really nice pool , clean , and dog friendly .	dog	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the burrito is the worst burrito i have ever had .	burrito	negative
the burrito is the worst burrito i have ever had .	burrito	negative
i also got an iced chai that was good .	iced chai	positive
we have been disappointed in their customer service .	customer service	negative
oh yes , the service was very good too .	service	positive
when looking for a cool treat , definitely go here over dq .	treat	positive
give this place a chance .	place	positive
we will use this company again and we are recommending this company to everyone .	company	positive
my first time seeing a show here - what a beautiful venue !	venue	positive
their specialty mixed drinks are $ _num_ and are in an approximately _num_ oz .	specialty mixed drinks	positive
great service and a good cut for a very reasonable price .	service	positive
great service and a good cut for a very reasonable price .	cut	positive
great service and a good cut for a very reasonable price .	price	positive
love love love the food !	food	positive
service at this place is terrible .	service	negative
seems a little long to me for such a small place .	place	negative
so if you stop in i would stay away from the pancakes .	pancakes	negative
their stetson chopped salad is sooo good .	stetson chopped salad	positive
no other lens rental place charges the price of the lens as a deposit .	lens rental place	negative
no other lens rental place charges the price of the lens as a deposit .	price	negative
no other lens rental place charges the price of the lens as a deposit .	lens	negative
i managed to find _num_ shirts at ok prices .	shirts	positive
i managed to find _num_ shirts at ok prices .	prices	negative
best new mexican in arizona ... easily .	new mexican	positive
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .	customer service	negative
i agreed to use the lower level instead .	level	negative
the service was very slow .	service	negative
try to get that burger for under _num_ or _num_ bucks .	burger	positive
consistency is terrible .	consistency	negative
i especially love their breakfast burritos , they are amazing !	breakfast burritos	positive
the pita is a bit on the thicker chewy side but still good .	pita	positive
all i can say is that these guys are amazing !	guys	positive
my stacked enchilada was essentially the same too , lots of chicken and cheese .	stacked enchilada	positive
my stacked enchilada was essentially the same too , lots of chicken and cheese .	chicken and cheese	positive
i loved the homemade jalapeo tortillas .	homemade jalapeo tortillas	positive
recently had the shrimp scampi and caesar salmon - both good .	shrimp scampi	positive
recently had the shrimp scampi and caesar salmon - both good .	caesar salmon	positive
i love their beans so i always get a bean tostada .	beans	positive
i love their beans so i always get a bean tostada .	bean tostada	positive
the staff is friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
anyways on to the food the most important part !	food	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
mini chimis are among my favorite items to get before work .	mini chimis	positive
would definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
one of the best pizzas i have ever eaten .	pizzas	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
tempe sure do n't know food !	food	negative
then , i asked if one of the pieces i ordered were free .	pieces	negative
it was not worth the $ _num_ dollars .	$	negative
price was _num_ .	price	positive
plus this place is extremely overpriced .	place	negative
try the special , great place to try bikram !	place	positive
try the special , great place to try bikram !	bikram	positive
great place for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
this place sucked !	place	negative
atmosphere in here was fun too .	atmosphere	positive
they threw away my _num_ dollar beer and wouldnt let me in .	beer	negative
the service is great , drinks are well mixed and flavorful - great margaritas !	service	positive
the service is great , drinks are well mixed and flavorful - great margaritas !	drinks	positive
the service is great , drinks are well mixed and flavorful - great margaritas !	margaritas	positive
everything in the deli is top quality .	deli	positive
i had ordered the scallops entree which at $ _num_ was quite disappointing .	scallops entree	negative
you ever wait in a car repair place with a baby ?	car repair place	negative
food was good but the bakery was the best .	food	positive
food was good but the bakery was the best .	bakery	positive
great selection of quality meats & fish !	selection	positive
great selection of quality meats & fish !	meats & fish	positive
- the nurses argue .	nurses	negative
their service and quality are the best .	service	positive
their service and quality are the best .	quality	positive
how long does it take to cook an egg ?	egg	negative
everyone is always so helpful and friendly !	everyone	positive
the food is also top notch .	food	positive
the sauce in the katsu was kinda of bland .	sauce in the katsu	negative
management ( scott & mike ) was not helpful .	management	negative
terrible , absolutely terrible ownership ; the lady has no regard for her customers .	ownership	negative
terrible , absolutely terrible ownership ; the lady has no regard for her customers .	lady	negative
terrible , absolutely terrible ownership ; the lady has no regard for her customers .	customers	negative
only two tables are seated .	tables	negative
you really must visit the food court .	food court	positive
the food was high quality in flavor and presentation .	food	positive
the food was high quality in flavor and presentation .	flavor	positive
the food was high quality in flavor and presentation .	presentation	positive
this was a happy medium for me .	medium	positive
terrific drive thru stop on scottsdale road .	drive	positive
it feels like the owners have given up .	owners	negative
waitress came over right away and took our drink order .	waitress	positive
waitress came over right away and took our drink order .	drink	positive
everything is the nicest quality available and very professional .	quality	positive
not sure why they do n't have at least a _num_ star rating .	rating	negative
just go and enjoy latin comida !	latin comida	positive
this is the absolute worst bank location i 've ever been to .	bank location	negative
what i do have a problem with is the terrible sound .	sound	negative
again lots of really sexy people ... .	people	positive
disgusting hot dump .	hot dump	negative
great food , great service .	food	positive
great food , great service .	service	positive
unfortunately , customer satisfaction takes a back seat to ... , something else .	customer satisfaction	negative
unfortunately , customer satisfaction takes a back seat to ... , something else .	back seat	negative
really poor customer service !	customer service	negative
however , we are in az and thought nachos would be a safe bet .	nachos	positive
truly homemade , delicious chow .	homemade	positive
truly homemade , delicious chow .	chow	positive
i walked in and the woman was already dealing with another client .	woman	negative
who know buying a car would be one of the most stressful experiences ever ?	car	negative
our dinner was fantastic and the happy hours prices , esp .	dinner	positive
our dinner was fantastic and the happy hours prices , esp .	prices	positive
crust was great though .	crust	positive
and of course the flowers were beautiful !	flowers	positive
love the orange blossom !	orange blossom	positive
he and his staff are extremely caring , sensitive and knowledgeable !	staff	positive
wow what a great place !	place	positive
all the fries were cold .	fries	negative
and i love the aveda products too !	aveda products	positive
waited _num_ minutes for my french dip to arrive before walking out .	french dip	negative
this is the worst excuse for portion control ever .	portion control	negative
it 's like ordering fish at a burger place !	fish	negative
we called for delivery , they do n't deliver .	delivery	negative
the whites are too sweet for me and the flavors are weird .	whites	negative
the whites are too sweet for me and the flavors are weird .	flavors	negative
steak soup is killer !	steak soup	positive
anthony , our server , was very attentive but not hovering .	server	positive
absolutely the best prime rib in scottsdale !	prime rib	positive
this is the best korean place in az .	korean place	positive
the crab rangoon is also very good .	crab rangoon	positive
servers were friendly and attentive .	servers	positive
the bread basket makes fantastic fresh baked bread in all different kinds .	bread basket	positive
i rarely write reviews , but this restaurant needs to step up their game !	restaurant	positive
i rarely write reviews , but this restaurant needs to step up their game !	game	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
the staff is friendly , courteous and more than accommodating !	staff	positive
service with kevin was outstanding .	service	positive
bruce and his staff are always helpful and can get you just about anything .	staff	positive
lanes are full .	lanes	positive
returned with our family & found the food to be horrible and over priced .	food	negative
returned with our family & found the food to be horrible and over priced .	priced	negative
the guacamole tasted like the powdered instant kind .	guacamole	positive
friendly environment , great workers and great food .	environment	positive
friendly environment , great workers and great food .	workers	positive
friendly environment , great workers and great food .	food	positive
i asked if they had any time to show me dresses .	dresses	positive
margaritas absolutely kick @ $ $ .	margaritas	positive
it 's one of my favorite places ever !	places	positive
good service and very good food .	service	positive
good service and very good food .	food	positive
management could care less and say they are doing what is required of them .	management	negative
so my _num_ minute oil change turned into _num_ hours and a scam .	oil change	negative
i never got a call back and the boards are still in the kitchen .	boards	negative
customer service is great !	customer service	positive
she touched up my roots and applied extensions .	extensions	positive
check-in was a tad cold , not very welcoming .	check-in	negative
i would definitely recommend these apartments to anyone !	apartments	positive
all of us went in there and got beer and snacks .	beer	positive
all of us went in there and got beer and snacks .	snacks	positive
paired with a great chardonnay and would greatly recommend to friends .	chardonnay	positive
the servers there deserve to be paid more .	servers	negative
they do great work at reasonable prices .	prices	positive
nice folks run this place and it is always packed .	folks	positive
nice folks run this place and it is always packed .	place	positive
one glass of sangria each and the bill was $ _num_ .	glass of sangria	positive
one glass of sangria each and the bill was $ _num_ .	bill	positive
entire staff is fun and welcoming .	staff	positive
great ambiance , decor , and even better food .	ambiance	positive
great ambiance , decor , and even better food .	decor	positive
great ambiance , decor , and even better food .	food	positive
love the food .	food	positive
small , friendly place with a good atmosphere .	place	positive
small , friendly place with a good atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere every time i 've gone .	atmosphere	positive
i love the veggie burrito here .	veggie burrito	positive
management at this location is terrible .	management	negative
management at this location is terrible .	location	negative
they have a lot of great beers on hand and make great recommendations .	beers	positive
this particular location is clean and quiet for a saturday evening .	location	positive
very accommodating with fitting you into the schedule .	schedule	positive
this is a truly unique atmosphere - not your daddy 's starbucks !	atmosphere	positive
their outdoor patio seating is fun and actually quite charming .	outdoor patio seating	positive
one of the best italian meals i have ever had !	italian meals	positive
very satisfied , i even have leftovers !	leftovers	positive
up until recently i ordered take out _num_ times a week .	take out _num_	positive
if there is something on the television then this place will have it !	place	positive
breakfast burrito 's are pretty much my favorite food in the whole world .	breakfast burrito 's	positive
breakfast burrito 's are pretty much my favorite food in the whole world .	food	positive
great bike , great price , great service .	bike	positive
great bike , great price , great service .	price	positive
great bike , great price , great service .	service	positive
everything was excellent food drink and service .	food drink	positive
everything was excellent food drink and service .	service	positive
just all around a shoddy place .	place	negative
enjoyed a really nice meal here .	meal	positive
burrito was great and the horchata was some of the best i 've had .	burrito	positive
i would highly recommend this salon .	salon	positive
best seafood restaurant !	seafood	positive
and loved the food .	food	positive
you can definitely tell that they do a lot of event planning .	event	negative
i have consistently been pleased with the service i get there .	service	positive
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	food	positive
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	prices	positive
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	mexican cantina vibe	positive
it was a great way to spend a saturday afternoon with another foodie !	foodie	positive
blew me away that is a $ _num_ roll ?	$	positive
walked by _num_ employees on the way in and no one said hi .	employees	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
i would recommend this place for some good italian food !	italian food	positive
they do not have a dental specialist .	dental	negative
pizza here is really good .	pizza	positive
they also serve some asian cuisine !	asian cuisine	positive
luckily i went to a different , nearby store and was treated much better .	store	positive
very glad we happened upon this place , the beef chow fun is great !	beef chow fun	positive
$ _num_ for extra syrup ?	extra syrup	negative
i tried to tell him i need the number today due to other travel .	number	negative
diane , neal and their crew are just great !	crew	positive
i love the pool areas and the service is always amazing .	pool areas	positive
i love the pool areas and the service is always amazing .	service	positive
the best thai food i 've ever had !	thai food	positive
best service i have ever received !	service	positive
very friendly staff .	staff	positive
the pie was a big hit .	pie	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
very good mexican food .	mexican food	positive
plus , we always have leftovers to enjoy during the rest of our trip .	leftovers	positive
this salon meets all my needs and wants .	salon	positive
the staff here did their jobs & kept us happy during our week stay .	staff	positive
_num_ minutes later i received a pool towel .	pool towel	positive
as for the sushi , it fairly top notch .	sushi	positive
great variety and authentic recipes .	recipes	positive
staff especially scott the front desk manager were very good .	staff	positive
staff especially scott the front desk manager were very good .	front desk manager	positive
oh , and one of the best freaking milkshakes i have ever had !	milkshakes	positive
best gyros in town , really !	gyros	positive
i also love the deli counter and bakery .	deli counter	positive
i also love the deli counter and bakery .	bakery	positive
the sandwiches was awesome served on fresh made bread .	sandwiches	positive
the sandwiches was awesome served on fresh made bread .	served	positive
love these guys .	guys	positive
the jj and cj also rock !	jj	positive
the jj and cj also rock !	cj	positive
we have had persian food all over .	persian food	positive
my sister loves this place and i now understand why .	place	positive
they use quality ingredients in standard combinations for a tasty product .	ingredients	positive
they use quality ingredients in standard combinations for a tasty product .	product	positive
one of the pie plates was dirty with dry remains of previous customer .	pie plates	negative
there were still plenty of empty tables and no one in line to order .	tables	negative
calorie counts are no longer listed , even though the website claims they are .	calorie counts	negative
leslie was very informative on what she would recommend for my vehicle .	vehicle	positive
in smaller amounts it would probably have tasted fine .	amounts	negative
the texture was strange and they were tasteless .	texture	negative
the food is great , in my experience .	food	positive
music is extremely loud .	music	negative
did i mention delivery !	delivery	negative
i would rather eat at the herb box .	herb box	positive
kevin is very honest and knowledgable .	kevin	positive
stopped in for lunch despite poor reviews .	lunch	negative
crystal who worked with me the entire time assisted by dedicated techs .	techs	positive
all _num_ of us thought our entrees were terrible .	entrees	negative
i highly recommend this shop !	shop	positive
this place is a hidden gem .	place	positive
the service is pretty fast , and the staff are polite and friendly .	service	positive
the service is pretty fast , and the staff are polite and friendly .	staff	positive
i will never purchase anything from them ( not even toilet paper ) .	toilet paper	negative
great pizza .	pizza	positive
great wings , delicious pizza , very kind delivery staff .	wings	positive
great wings , delicious pizza , very kind delivery staff .	pizza	positive
great wings , delicious pizza , very kind delivery staff .	delivery staff	positive
it took over _num_ minutes to get my 2nd drink .	drink	negative
the disappointment came from the quality of food .	quality of food	negative
this restaurant missed the mark on both counts .	restaurant	negative
service is always great .	service	positive
awesome atmosphere and great food !	atmosphere	positive
awesome atmosphere and great food !	food	positive
the message therapist is awesome also .	message therapist	positive
their home-made tortillas are great too .	tortillas	positive
what a fun little place in scottsdale !	place	positive
the meat in the burrito tasted like over spiced rubber .	meat in the burrito	negative
such delicious fare at this venue !	fare	positive
such delicious fare at this venue !	venue	positive
the spinach artichoke dip was kind of bizarre too .	spinach artichoke dip	negative
this place is honestly one of my favorite places !	place	positive
this place is honestly one of my favorite places !	places	positive
people are friendly too !	people	positive
the staff was friendly and professional .	staff	positive
the burger was enormous !	burger	positive
worst service and experience ever !	service	negative
my new favorite italian spot !	italian spot	positive
asian fusion at its best .	asian fusion	positive
the place was a major fail .	place	negative
great service and good atmosphere .	service	positive
great service and good atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i 'm from new england , and this place brought me home .	place	positive
do n't blame us , we asked for separate bills .	bills	negative
the starting prices of steaks here are $ _num_ just for the meat .	meat	negative
i will never return no matter how badly i want to see the act .	act	negative
they play up the whole cowboy thing and blend it to create southwestern italian .	cowboy	positive
great drinks .	drinks	positive
highly recommend to anyone who appreciates the art of food .	food	positive
we sat down and was greeted by the server .	server	positive
i love barro 's .	barro	positive
great view , food , and service .	view	positive
great view , food , and service .	food	positive
great view , food , and service .	service	positive
this dish would of been better if they had garlic mixed with it .	dish	negative
this dish would of been better if they had garlic mixed with it .	garlic	negative
i wish i could take it back when i said that security is friendly .	security	positive
good prices as well .	prices	positive
the kabob was fantastic .	kabob	positive
the reviews for this year are not good .	reviews	negative
he dropped off one of our plates and smelled of cigarettes .	plates	negative
he dropped off one of our plates and smelled of cigarettes .	cigarettes	negative
especially their all you can eat menudo or pozole !	all you can eat menudo	positive
especially their all you can eat menudo or pozole !	pozole	positive
the monkey cakes are delicious and the mexican chocolate latte is soooo yummy !	monkey cakes	positive
the monkey cakes are delicious and the mexican chocolate latte is soooo yummy !	mexican chocolate latte	positive
i would definitely recommend cowboy ciao and plan to go back sooner this time .	cowboy ciao	positive
we had dinner here tonight and it was just average .	dinner	negative
not my kind of club .	club	negative
never have i been told no and had the representative just rudely walk away !	representative	negative
chandler just has nice things .	things	positive
great customer service .	customer service	positive
their burritos are amazing along with their super nachos !	burritos	positive
their burritos are amazing along with their super nachos !	nachos	positive
walked past me to put some juice away in a cooler .	juice	negative
walked past me to put some juice away in a cooler .	cooler	negative
this is hands down the best sushi in scottsdale !	sushi	positive
if you can handle the large crowds it 's worth while .	crowds	positive
i had a huge chicken salad so good i could have it every day .	chicken salad	positive
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
it 's definitely a place that you wo n't find anywhere else !	place	positive
as good as diner food gets !	diner food	positive
great service overall .	service	positive
always able to `` customize '' food and meet dietary requests without issue .	food	positive
always able to `` customize '' food and meet dietary requests without issue .	dietary	positive
service is always great and so is the food .	service	positive
service is always great and so is the food .	food	positive
no karaoke was going on , so there was no reason to come here !	karaoke	negative
excellent service and food .	service	positive
excellent service and food .	food	positive
happy hour specials and atmosphere are great .	atmosphere	positive
perfect for hangovers .	hangovers	positive
excellent service .	service	positive
so , will i come back to this restaurant ?	restaurant	positive
nice family owned restaurant with delicious south american food .	south american food	positive
such a cute little tea party !	tea party	positive
i love the thai crunch salad !	thai crunch salad	positive
the shrimp enchilada 's are also great .	shrimp enchilada 's	positive
have a drink with your meal !	drink	positive
have a drink with your meal !	meal	positive
they have amazing fresh donuts , great coffee , and a big selection available .	fresh donuts	positive
they have amazing fresh donuts , great coffee , and a big selection available .	coffee	positive
they have amazing fresh donuts , great coffee , and a big selection available .	selection	positive
amazing service .	service	positive
their tzatziki sauce is probably one of my favorite things about the place .	tzatziki sauce	positive
their tzatziki sauce is probably one of my favorite things about the place .	place	positive
authentic italian food .	italian food	positive
solid wine list .	wine list	positive
best doughnuts around !	doughnuts	positive
pain pills to sleep is the only way i could stop the burn .	pain pills	negative
really good food , great place for cheap drinks during happy hour .	food	positive
really good food , great place for cheap drinks during happy hour .	drinks	positive
great live music and great food .	live music	positive
great live music and great food .	food	positive
i was seriously disappointed at the size of these sandwiches for the price .	sandwiches	negative
i was seriously disappointed at the size of these sandwiches for the price .	price	negative
the food was the best italian fare i have had in quite some time .	food	positive
the food was the best italian fare i have had in quite some time .	italian fare	positive
amazing service !	service	positive
the lighting , sound system and climate control are all impressive .	lighting	positive
the lighting , sound system and climate control are all impressive .	sound system	positive
the lighting , sound system and climate control are all impressive .	climate control	positive
the prices constantly change here so beware of that .	prices	negative
fun & delicious specialty drink menu .	specialty drink menu	positive
went there recently and the service , atmosphere and food was amazing .	service	positive
went there recently and the service , atmosphere and food was amazing .	atmosphere	positive
went there recently and the service , atmosphere and food was amazing .	food	positive
on a crisp corn tortilla .	crisp corn tortilla	positive
the service is always nice and everything is always fast and clean .	service	positive
it was an easy going environment , everyone was very friendly and patient !	environment	positive
it was an easy going environment , everyone was very friendly and patient !	everyone	positive
i called the next day and the customer service was fantastic .	customer service	positive
the atmosphere and the vibe was definitely off .	atmosphere	negative
the atmosphere and the vibe was definitely off .	vibe	negative
selection was diverse and interesting on the menu and the food was fantastic !	selection	positive
selection was diverse and interesting on the menu and the food was fantastic !	menu	positive
selection was diverse and interesting on the menu and the food was fantastic !	food	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	time	negative
service for drinks were pretty good but for food , below average .	service	negative
service for drinks were pretty good but for food , below average .	drinks	negative
service for drinks were pretty good but for food , below average .	food	negative
i love the hot sandwiches .	hot sandwiches	positive
$ _num_ for a cranberry and well vodka .	cranberry	positive
$ _num_ for a cranberry and well vodka .	vodka	positive
i got the pancakes , my wife got the biscuits and gravy .	pancakes	positive
i got the pancakes , my wife got the biscuits and gravy .	biscuits	positive
i got the pancakes , my wife got the biscuits and gravy .	gravy	positive
their vegas margarita ( not on the menu ) is pretty good too !	vegas margarita	positive
their vegas margarita ( not on the menu ) is pretty good too !	menu	positive
the parking garage is a whole other disaster in itself .	parking garage	negative
the best deals in the store are on these racks .	deals	positive
i thought the tv was there to entertain the customers .	tv	positive
they also have great take out .	take out	positive
the service at this place is horrible .	service	negative
friendly staff .	staff	positive
with my standard box , i now can receive _num_ packages or be charged .	box	positive
the pizza is crazy good and the calzones are even better .	pizza	positive
the pizza is crazy good and the calzones are even better .	calzones	positive
this place is so much fun !	place	positive
everything on my plate , a regular slam , is cold .	plate	negative
i ca n't recommend this place enough !	place	negative
food was seasoned perfectly and the giant plate had a nice variety of foods .	food	positive
food was seasoned perfectly and the giant plate had a nice variety of foods .	foods	positive
fun place to go .	place	positive
classic dive bar !	dive bar	positive
and the guys at the front office are always nice and helpfull .	guys	positive
and the guys at the front office are always nice and helpfull .	front office	positive
she was awesome and i felt amazing when i left her chair .	chair	positive
they make seasonal dishes and have a interesting menu .	seasonal dishes	positive
they make seasonal dishes and have a interesting menu .	menu	positive
server was very attentive .	server	positive
my favorite dive bar in scottsdale .	dive bar	positive
we recommend rush street for the best pizza in chandler .	pizza	positive
the food + service was truly incredible .	food + service	positive
the prices , selection , service and food are great .	prices	positive
the prices , selection , service and food are great .	selection	positive
the prices , selection , service and food are great .	service	positive
the prices , selection , service and food are great .	food	positive
they will continue to get my business .	business	positive
sat at bar for about an hour happy hour every day until labor day .	bar	positive
i enjoy the food , games and most of the staff .	food	positive
i enjoy the food , games and most of the staff .	games	positive
i enjoy the food , games and most of the staff .	staff	positive
it 's not my scene .	scene	negative
every employee iv dealt with there has been really nice and more than helpful .	employee	positive
the waitress was kind enough to take our chilaquiles dishes off our bill .	waitress	positive
the waitress was kind enough to take our chilaquiles dishes off our bill .	chilaquiles dishes	positive
the waitress was kind enough to take our chilaquiles dishes off our bill .	bill	positive
great price and good service .	price	positive
great price and good service .	service	positive
poor customer service and the loss of a good tip !	customer service	negative
poor customer service and the loss of a good tip !	tip	negative
great food , service , and atmosphere !	food	positive
great food , service , and atmosphere !	service	positive
great food , service , and atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
great food and service every time .	food	positive
great food and service every time .	service	positive
the facilities are great and you can truly make a day out of it .	facilities	positive
pizza made correctly and delivered on time .	pizza	positive
corned beef hash is homemade and great , burgers are great too .	corned beef hash	positive
corned beef hash is homemade and great , burgers are great too .	burgers	positive
$ 15-20 quote that becomes $ _num_ actual price ?	price	negative
nice large bathroom with tub and separate shower .	bathroom	positive
nice large bathroom with tub and separate shower .	shower	positive
reservations recommended on weekends .	reservations	negative
lets go back to friday night , apparently they had a band .	band	positive
this was the better dish .	dish	positive
awesome wings .	wings	positive
they have great music and great service !	music	positive
they have great music and great service !	service	positive
great service .	service	positive
this is an old worn out hotel .	hotel	negative
steak and unlimited shrimp was delicious and jim was a great server .	steak	positive
steak and unlimited shrimp was delicious and jim was a great server .	shrimp	positive
steak and unlimited shrimp was delicious and jim was a great server .	server	positive
the piece of chicken is huge , moist and amazing .	piece of chicken	positive
this is a perfect spot to meet friends and enjoy good food and conversation .	spot	positive
this is a perfect spot to meet friends and enjoy good food and conversation .	food	positive
thank you for keeping such fine quality and amazing wait staff !	quality	positive
thank you for keeping such fine quality and amazing wait staff !	wait staff	positive
open to the air , but has open air conditioner .	air conditioner	negative
food is always hot and cooked perfect .	food	positive
they have great local selections in beer and nice wines by the glass .	beer	positive
they have great local selections in beer and nice wines by the glass .	wines by the glass	positive
rula : no , there are no managers here .	managers	negative
unprofessional and poor quality .	quality	negative
she left the bowls at the table .	bowls	negative
my wife , toddler son and i stayed for _num_ days at the sanctuary .	sanctuary	positive
_num_ for adults and _num_ for kids .	adults	positive
_num_ for adults and _num_ for kids .	_num_	positive
my car would n't be ready until saturday .	car	negative
wow surprised at the poor ratings of one of my favorite cities .	ratings	negative
it was a cool town .	town	positive
tried this place for lunch last week .	lunch	positive
a great museum for a reasonable price .	price	positive
i love pouring on their green sauce .	green sauce	positive
_num_ dollars for internet only !	internet	positive
highly recommend this place .	place	positive
the staff is awesome and def one of the reasons we keep going back .	staff	positive
the staff is super helpful .	staff	positive
the enviroment is so beautiful .	enviroment	positive
do n't stay in room _num_ .	room	negative
went here for lunch today and i was very impressed .	lunch	positive
the food is exceptional and the service is quick and attentive .	food	positive
the food is exceptional and the service is quick and attentive .	service	positive
friendly staff .	staff	positive
very good breakfast place ; best pancakes and pineapple juice in old town !	breakfast place	positive
very good breakfast place ; best pancakes and pineapple juice in old town !	pancakes	positive
very good breakfast place ; best pancakes and pineapple juice in old town !	pineapple juice	positive
but dishes were very well prepared .	dishes	positive
i have also had the margherita pizza which is very good too .	margherita pizza	positive
the atmosphere was really elegant and intimate - great for a date night .	atmosphere	positive
never ordering again .	ordering	negative
the staff was wonderful and very accommodating to whatever needs you have .	staff	positive
they have the entire process down to a science and works efficiently .	process	positive
food quality is good for a local mom and pop place .	food quality	positive
staff is very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
the receptionists were useless .	receptionists	negative
the bartender was extremely rude and spoke to me like a was an idiot .	bartender	negative
amazing food friendly staff .	food	positive
amazing food friendly staff .	staff	positive
the motto here is hate where you live .	motto	negative
would highly recommend both of those dishes .	dishes	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
the mashed potatoes were definitely from a box - not fresh .	mashed potatoes	negative
that 's like a server counting a tip while standing at your table .	server	negative
that 's like a server counting a tip while standing at your table .	tip	negative
that 's like a server counting a tip while standing at your table .	table	negative
we also had a smoked salmon appetizer and that was very good to .	smoked salmon appetizer	positive
my favorite are the sopapillas !	sopapillas	positive
great for the kiddos .	kiddos	positive
for $ _num_ a bowl , it was definitely a disappointing meal .	bowl	negative
for $ _num_ a bowl , it was definitely a disappointing meal .	meal	negative
our drinks remained empty for most of the night including the water .	drinks	negative
our drinks remained empty for most of the night including the water .	water	negative
suzanne 's is a great spot for a bride on any budget .	spot	positive
our waiter was great and attentive .	waiter	positive
so we get a table cleaned off like i said .	table	negative
incredible value .	value	positive
these employees have no sense of priority , big period .	employees	negative
even though we each got paneer masala our meals could not have been different .	paneer masala	negative
even though we each got paneer masala our meals could not have been different .	meals	negative
the prices are right for the second hand finds .	prices	positive
love this store .	store	positive
service was great .	service	positive
the food was amazing and the presentation was creative .	food	positive
the food was amazing and the presentation was creative .	presentation	positive
worst place ever !	place	negative
next time i 'm in scottsdale i 'll definitely be in to thank her .	scottsdale	positive
the service was excellent and the food fantastic .	service	positive
the service was excellent and the food fantastic .	food	positive
when they do , they do n't ring up the discount price .	discount price	negative
there are a few reasons why i never go to mcdonalds .	mcdonalds	negative
also had an orange blossom smoothie which was delicious !	orange blossom smoothie	positive
the wine flights , and the food that followed , were amazing !	wine flights	positive
the wine flights , and the food that followed , were amazing !	food	positive
great crust , great sauce , plenty of cheese .	crust	positive
great crust , great sauce , plenty of cheese .	sauce	positive
great crust , great sauce , plenty of cheese .	cheese	positive
service was excellent and they really made us feel welcome .	service	positive
great service and drinks .	service	positive
great service and drinks .	drinks	positive
wow talk about good customer service !	customer service	positive
came here to watch the cards game with some friends a couple weeks back .	cards game	positive
a nice place for a quick bite to eat .	place	positive
they refused to give a refund and tried to give us another round .	round	negative
all in all , its a good time at the crown room .	crown room	positive
beautiful atmosphere , very friendly and helpful staff and the food was excellent .	atmosphere	positive
beautiful atmosphere , very friendly and helpful staff and the food was excellent .	staff	positive
beautiful atmosphere , very friendly and helpful staff and the food was excellent .	food	positive
i hate when sushi looks dried out right when you get it .	sushi	negative
this place is awful !	place	negative
the atmosphere here is so welcoming and warm !	atmosphere	positive
the vegetable sides were perfectly steamed and seasoned and were delicious .	vegetable sides	positive
the waitress very rudely asked me to leave .	waitress	negative
awesome burritos !	burritos	positive
staff is super friendly .	staff	positive
what a cool , old-school barber shop .	barber shop	positive
i especially recommend the bread pudding .	bread pudding	positive
outstanding donuts .	donuts	positive
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	manager	negative
a fabulous job done .	job	positive
service was great also .	service	positive
great margarita , wonderful fare .	margarita	positive
great margarita , wonderful fare .	fare	positive
i have loved the restaurant since the first time i 've come .	restaurant	positive
second visit just as good as the first .	visit	positive
we ordered a bottle of wine , salad , and a pizza .	bottle of wine	positive
we ordered a bottle of wine , salad , and a pizza .	salad	positive
we ordered a bottle of wine , salad , and a pizza .	pizza	positive
service was decent .	service	positive
casual pub in old town , service has always been good and personable .	pub	positive
casual pub in old town , service has always been good and personable .	service	positive
go to place for client visits with gorgeous views .	views	positive
i would recommend this place for sure .	place	positive
they also have super accessible specials to make a truly happy , happy hour !	specials	positive
i recommend their breakfast sandwich and their greek omelet .	breakfast sandwich	positive
i recommend their breakfast sandwich and their greek omelet .	greek omelet	positive
their pizza is really good too .	pizza	positive
really great fresh squeezed juice and smoothies to start .	fresh squeezed juice	positive
really great fresh squeezed juice and smoothies to start .	smoothies	positive
apparently , this is happened to many people at the property .	property	negative
great food .	food	positive
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	food	negative
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	flavor	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
i hate coming to this sally 's .	sally	negative
my favorite pizza place .	pizza	positive
i am of spanish descent and this place is a disgrace to my heritage .	place	negative
their homemade bbq chips are awesome too !	homemade bbq chips	positive
but michael , the manager , is what won us over .	manager	positive
great food , fast service !	food	positive
great food , fast service !	service	positive
at night , this place is always run by a bunch of assholes .	place	negative
the service was excellent , friendly , and prompt .	service	positive
first of all , the service was super friendly .	service	positive
on top of that the beef in it was extremely dry and flavorless .	beef	negative
their coffee was delicious , the scramble was outstanding .	coffee	positive
their coffee was delicious , the scramble was outstanding .	scramble	positive
the portions are extremely generous with the little extras .	portions	positive
the portions are extremely generous with the little extras .	extras	positive
just to make money of my ass ... .	money	negative
i love the dance party on saturdays !	dance party	positive
only , its like subway for pitas .	subway for pitas	positive
integrity pest has always been there when we needed them .	integrity pest	positive
i had sara recently and she is very good to .	sara	positive
conveniently located in the heart of old town scottsdale .	located	positive
the roasted duck was incredible .	roasted duck	positive
so over the top pissed off at the management here .	management	negative
so who do i call to get my money back .	money	negative
one of my favorite places in scottsdale .	places	positive
great facility .	facility	positive
the spa itself is beautiful with lots of treatment options .	spa	positive
the spa itself is beautiful with lots of treatment options .	treatment options	positive
of course , they still charged me an outrageous $ _num_ for the exam .	exam	negative
i went here to get an oil change today and it was great !	oil change	positive
not to mention the stains on the mattress and box spring - so gross .	stains	negative
not to mention the stains on the mattress and box spring - so gross .	box	negative
tasty , clean , professional , friendly ... solid sauces ... great fixings bar .	solid sauces	positive
tasty , clean , professional , friendly ... solid sauces ... great fixings bar .	fixings bar	positive
got the runs the next day , ugh .	runs	positive
the unit they built is absolutely perfect .	unit	positive
all in all , the food here is just `` ok '' .	food	positive
short story : _num_ star accommodations with _num_ star grounds and prices .	accommodations	positive
short story : _num_ star accommodations with _num_ star grounds and prices .	grounds	positive
short story : _num_ star accommodations with _num_ star grounds and prices .	prices	positive
the owners of this dq are awesome and give excellent service !	owners	positive
the owners of this dq are awesome and give excellent service !	service	positive
this total cost for a new system was going to be about $ _num_ .	cost	negative
this total cost for a new system was going to be about $ _num_ .	system	negative
and they make the most amazing prickly pear margaritas .	prickly pear margaritas	positive
much of the staff has been there for many years and are friendly .	staff	positive
great selection of beer and reasonable wine selection - for a convenience store .	selection of beer	positive
great selection of beer and reasonable wine selection - for a convenience store .	wine selection	positive
everyone was happy with their meal .	meal	positive
the food was really exceptional .	food	positive
be sure to take a map and water and a flare gun .	map	positive
be sure to take a map and water and a flare gun .	water	positive
be sure to take a map and water and a flare gun .	flare gun	positive
really large portions , usually good service , casual fun atmosphere .	portions	positive
really large portions , usually good service , casual fun atmosphere .	service	positive
really large portions , usually good service , casual fun atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
awesome customer service !	customer service	positive
not a good sign .	sign	negative
terrible service .	service	negative
the most amazing warmth with the people and decor .	people	positive
the most amazing warmth with the people and decor .	decor	positive
i have not tried their desserts but they always look great .	desserts	positive
the attendants downstairs were not friendly .	attendants downstairs	negative
terrible experience .	experience	negative
this is the best animal hospital / vet i have ever been too .	animal hospital	positive
the spinach and tomato is vey fresh .	spinach and tomato	positive
i wish there were zero stars .	stars	negative
it was the very best food and service that i have ever experienced .	food	positive
it was the very best food and service that i have ever experienced .	service	positive
husband had a perfect manhattan he said it was perfect .	manhattan	positive
one of my favorite lunch spots in downtown mesa .	lunch spots	positive
banfield would not send it .	banfield	negative
great place to relax and check out the planes .	place	positive
great place to relax and check out the planes .	planes	positive
my mom , husband and i split a caesar salad .	caesar salad	positive
great food , fair prices .	food	positive
great food , fair prices .	prices	positive
i 'm not really surprised with my experience at fiesta burrito .	fiesta burrito	negative
my husband loves this place !	place	positive
dinner for _num_ people , $ _num_ not including the tip .	dinner	positive
dinner for _num_ people , $ _num_ not including the tip .	people	positive
dinner for _num_ people , $ _num_ not including the tip .	tip	positive
it was like buffet style food in a restaraunt setting .	buffet	positive
it was like buffet style food in a restaraunt setting .	food	positive
it was like buffet style food in a restaraunt setting .	setting	positive
amazing bagels , and the tomato basil soup was really awesome !	bagels	positive
amazing bagels , and the tomato basil soup was really awesome !	tomato basil soup	positive
the donuts are good sized and very well priced .	donuts	positive
the donuts are good sized and very well priced .	priced	positive
it has great flavor and our to go orders are always accurate .	flavor	positive
it has great flavor and our to go orders are always accurate .	orders	positive
the service from the hostess to the waitress was excellent .	service	positive
the service from the hostess to the waitress was excellent .	hostess	positive
the service from the hostess to the waitress was excellent .	waitress	positive
the bread was fresh fresh and very tasty .	bread	positive
there is stuff for sale and over priced food .	food	negative
i 've tried _num_ different dishes and they all were below average at best .	dishes	negative
come check it out and they have many other services as well !	services	positive
good place to find dance stuff .	dance stuff	positive
the food was really good .	food	positive
now we are regular restaurant patrons .	patrons	positive
the pizza is quite possibly the best in town .	pizza	positive
the action was well set-up and it sounded big and lively .	action	positive
i really enjoyed this place .	place	positive
thank you terri and the nordstrom 's team for making this experience so wonderful !	nordstrom	positive
they had a block party that was really cool !	block party	positive
i was delighted with the decoration on the walls .	decoration	positive
i was delighted with the decoration on the walls .	walls	positive
i had a coupon and was being pushed towards the higher priced wash .	coupon	negative
i had a coupon and was being pushed towards the higher priced wash .	priced wash	negative
multiple locations !	locations	positive
omg so yummy !	omg	positive
the price was great too .	price	positive
and like the salad it was just ok .	salad	negative
service is also great !	service	positive
rick is a seriously cool guy !	rick	positive
it certainly is n't worth eating here considering the quality of food and cost .	quality of food	negative
it certainly is n't worth eating here considering the quality of food and cost .	cost	negative
pretty cute small little bar .	bar	positive
do not believe a word the salesman tell you regarding elite status .	salesman	negative
greasy , unappealing , low quality -- that 's your food .	food	negative
make sure you make reservations and try something new .	reservations	positive
special thanks to tyler who gave us great service !	service	positive
the manager on this day handled my cold food issue with professionalism and courtesy .	manager	positive
love this place !	place	positive
great casual atmosphere and interesting food !	casual atmosphere	positive
great casual atmosphere and interesting food !	food	positive
great greek food , as good as mom use to make .	greek food	positive
when we walked in there was a wait in the dining room .	wait	negative
smaller club puts you close to the action and you feel the energy .	club	negative
smaller club puts you close to the action and you feel the energy .	action	positive
smaller club puts you close to the action and you feel the energy .	energy	negative
everyone from the staff to the members are so nice and always so welcoming !	staff	positive
everyone from the staff to the members are so nice and always so welcoming !	members	positive
i said that the price list said $ _num_ .	price list	negative
my boyfriend had shrimp parmesan which he said was also good .	shrimp parmesan	positive
great food .	food	positive
it then took almost _num_ minutes to get the check !	check	negative
nice big portion , not overly salty .	portion	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
the guy at the parts counter said they could n't cut those keys .	parts counter	negative
the guy at the parts counter said they could n't cut those keys .	keys	negative
just got a hair trim and style by lisa and really liked it .	hair trim	positive
just got a hair trim and style by lisa and really liked it .	style	positive
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	suite	positive
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	button	negative
server slow and indifferent .	server	negative
great menu , amazing tastes .	menu	positive
i highly recommend these guys .	guys	positive
the atmosphere is more upscale and relaxing but very nice .	atmosphere	positive
i swear i used to love the grilled cheese sandwhich and tater tots .	grilled cheese sandwhich	positive
i swear i used to love the grilled cheese sandwhich and tater tots .	tater tots	positive
the beer selection pleased those who did not go for the refreshing margaritas .	beer selection	positive
the beer selection pleased those who did not go for the refreshing margaritas .	refreshing margaritas	negative
port butt is great and they make their own sausage and brats on site .	port butt	positive
port butt is great and they make their own sausage and brats on site .	sausage	positive
port butt is great and they make their own sausage and brats on site .	brats	positive
best visit yet !	visit	positive
also had a classic manicure on a separate visit .	manicure	positive
$ _num_ glass of wine charged twice for one glass .	glass of wine	negative
$ _num_ glass of wine charged twice for one glass .	glass	negative
i want gel nails , the whole nails made of gel .	gel nails	positive
the rice so good compared to what i usually have from other places .	rice	positive
i had a tamale and chili relleno combo with rice and beans .	tamale and chili relleno combo with rice and beans	positive
warning ... make sure to look at your bill !	bill	positive
everybody likes dos .	dos	positive
thanks man .	man	positive
this museum is much more than meets the eye and has something for everyone .	museum	positive
excellent service !	service	positive
my short rib was braised perfectly , however , it was dry and lean .	short rib	negative
my short rib was braised perfectly , however , it was dry and lean .	braised	positive
one piece of fish was so tough i could barely chew it .	fish	negative
their burger is massive and very fresh , while only being _num_ bucks .	burger	positive
the kia road side assistance strongly advised me to stay with the vehicle .	kia road side	positive
reservations are good for large groups , of course .	reservations	positive
had horrible unbearable chest pain .	chest	negative
i gave a _num_ day notice and was still sent to collections .	collections	positive
sides are sold individually but are pretty good .	sides	positive
they got the shirts altered within hours !	shirts	negative
the $ _num_ steak was loaded with fat and cooked wrong .	$	negative
it was a sloppy , wet , rubbery mess of a meal .	meal	negative
jennifer is incredibly nice and knowledgable .	jennifer	positive
the colorist brittany is amazing !	colorist brittany	positive
loved the new bacon dish .	bacon dish	positive
the meat was very tender and flavorful .	meat	positive
liberty is awesome !	liberty	positive
food is amazing too .	food	positive
tried to buy a straight talk iphone _num_ twice from here .	straight talk iphone _num_	negative
the balcony was being seated the same time as downstairs .	balcony	negative
food was delicious .	food	positive
they do not care about their residents .	residents	negative
great place .	place	positive
but there are so many flies in the restaurant it 's almost unbearable .	flies	negative
great for gifts !	gifts	positive
best mexican i 've ever had in scottsdale and papago is perfectly near by !	mexican	positive
best mexican i 've ever had in scottsdale and papago is perfectly near by !	papago	positive
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	wedding dress	positive
dude ... it was just ok .	dude	negative
all the food had an amazing flavor !	food	positive
all the food had an amazing flavor !	flavor	positive
the super friendly and attentive servers put the icing on the cake .	servers	positive
the super friendly and attentive servers put the icing on the cake .	icing	positive
the service is great and the stake at the restaurant is superb .	service	positive
the service is great and the stake at the restaurant is superb .	stake	positive
the ambience of the place is bad .	ambience	negative
the ambience of the place is bad .	place	negative
great alcoholic beverages as well !	alcoholic beverages	positive
i felt ignored by the hostess and waitress i will not be going back .	hostess	negative
i felt ignored by the hostess and waitress i will not be going back .	waitress	negative
making it a great shop for mixed media artists as well !	mixed media	positive
the service is awesome too .	service	positive
the water was just too hot even on vacation mode .	water	negative
the atmosphere is welcoming and classy .	atmosphere	positive
i love the glazed .	glazed	positive
the service was so slow i got irritated .	service	negative
how do you get rid of _num_ % fat and _num_ % calories ?	_num_	negative
they have the best orange chicken and kung pao .	orange chicken	positive
they have the best orange chicken and kung pao .	kung pao	positive
old school steakhouse with amazing sports memorabilia .	sports memorabilia	positive
not to mention their awesome staff !	staff	positive
turned out it was fajita style chicken in a flour tortilla .	fajita style chicken in a flour tortilla	positive
overall that was the worst zipps experience i 've had .	zipps	negative
we chose a chicken quesadilla , chicken nachos , and shrimp tacos .	chicken quesadilla	positive
we chose a chicken quesadilla , chicken nachos , and shrimp tacos .	chicken nachos	positive
we chose a chicken quesadilla , chicken nachos , and shrimp tacos .	shrimp tacos	positive
the sandwiches are tasty , price is ok .	sandwiches	positive
the sandwiches are tasty , price is ok .	price	positive
there were some raw onions .	raw onions	negative
good service and great prices .	service	positive
good service and great prices .	prices	positive
mexican latte is so tasty !	mexican latte	positive
i probably wo n't be back to tempe improv unless i get free tickets .	tickets	negative
thin crust , cheese is amazing !	crust , cheese	positive
all this combines to make a great pizza .	pizza	positive
what a wonderful meal .	meal	positive
really , no flavor in the tacos or queso .	flavor	negative
really , no flavor in the tacos or queso .	tacos	negative
really , no flavor in the tacos or queso .	queso	negative
needs some serious training on how to make coffee .	coffee	positive
he is great with our cats ( and so is his entire staff ) .	cats	positive
he is great with our cats ( and so is his entire staff ) .	staff	positive
the food was very good but a little too spicy for my taste .	food	positive
the chicken and its sauce were very flavorful , as well .	chicken	positive
the chicken and its sauce were very flavorful , as well .	its sauce	positive
excellent food !	food	positive
thanks for all the great years of service .	service	positive
$ _num_ for a neighborhood bar is crazy in my opinion .	bar	negative
everyone was so nice and all of the dogs seemed so comfortable there .	dogs	positive
but still , love this place !	place	positive
i also had the mac and cheese flavor just dance in my mouth .	mac and cheese flavor	positive
food is great , and delivery is fast !	food	positive
food is great , and delivery is fast !	delivery	positive
love my mother 's day pie .	day pie	positive
this is definitely good persian food .	persian food	positive
awful place .	place	negative
fast and courteous service .	service	positive
my husband and i went for lunch on a saturday .	lunch	positive
i found their work to be quality work and the price extremely fair .	work	positive
i found their work to be quality work and the price extremely fair .	price	positive
consistently high quality , flavorful , fantastic variety .	quality	positive
consistently high quality , flavorful , fantastic variety .	variety	positive
the people are very friendly and they make me feel welcome .	people	positive
the best vet 's office ever !	vet	positive
fake biker bar .	biker bar	negative
horrible customer service , sub-par food .	customer service	negative
horrible customer service , sub-par food .	food	negative
this is the best of the stores in the phoenix area .	stores	positive
_num_ % off book sale .	book sale	negative
pricey but fabulous a great special occasion restaurant .	restaurant	positive
i thought we had a good nordstrom in vegas till i came here !	nordstrom	positive
amazing food , you feel like part of the family .	food	positive
great location in the middle of old town scottsdale .	location	positive
great golf course .	golf course	positive
i absolutely loved it and ca n't wait to go back !	ca	positive
i ordered over the phone for delivery and it was literally , the worst .	delivery	negative
the man has a wonderful personality , and a very loud voice .	man	positive
the man has a wonderful personality , and a very loud voice .	voice	negative
high quality corn fed meat from the midwest .	corn fed meat	positive
the best part ?	part	positive
they also have coupons from time to time .	coupons	positive
awesome drink deals , food is all made to order and always hot .	drink deals	positive
awesome drink deals , food is all made to order and always hot .	food	positive
it is also the best spot for salsa dancing in phoenix .	spot	positive
it is also the best spot for salsa dancing in phoenix .	salsa	positive
the best breakfast burritos !	breakfast burritos	positive
food is great , fast , and priced just right .	food	positive
food is great , fast , and priced just right .	priced	positive
my family and i will never set foot in this establishment again .	establishment	negative
not accommodating and would n't seat more than _num_ .	seat	negative
we also liked their chips and salsa .	chips	positive
the portion was large on both dishes , but lacked in flavor .	portion	positive
the portion was large on both dishes , but lacked in flavor .	dishes	negative
the portion was large on both dishes , but lacked in flavor .	flavor	negative
great food !	food	positive
what an awful place .	place	negative
love the limeade .	limeade	positive
i had perfect poached eggs and super yummy wheat toast .	poached eggs	positive
i had perfect poached eggs and super yummy wheat toast .	wheat toast	positive
it is worth the _num_ minute drive !	drive	positive
friendly staff .	staff	positive
always a great experience at this hobby store .	hobby store	positive
very helpful staff .	staff	positive
great value and great taste .	value	positive
great value and great taste .	taste	positive
also has good , healthy food .	food	positive
i expected so much more from safeway and its employees .	employees	negative
it was all amazing food .	food	positive
the food was really good , including the salad bar .	food	positive
the food was really good , including the salad bar .	salad bar	positive
our dinner with our friends was a total disaster .	dinner	negative
the reason i went in is because of the no sales tax option .	no sales tax option	negative
went gave this place a try and wow really impressed .	place	positive
love the ambience too !	ambience	positive
just a glass of wine and an antipasto salad .	glass of wine	positive
just a glass of wine and an antipasto salad .	antipasto salad	positive
it 's a great atmosphere and so much fun solo or with groups .	atmosphere	positive
love this restaurant so much .	restaurant	positive
we finally got our food after _num_ min and it was wrong .	food	negative
they do n't cook the fried rice in front of you .	fried rice	negative
outstanding breakfast , although a little difficult to find with a gps .	breakfast	positive
it was good , but nothing special , and there was no spice whatsoever .	spice	negative
solid place and our server jamie ( server # _num_ ) was great !	place	positive
solid place and our server jamie ( server # _num_ ) was great !	server jamie	positive
solid place and our server jamie ( server # _num_ ) was great !	server #	positive
worst customer service ever .	customer service	negative
we ate at the bar and the service was very good .	bar	positive
we ate at the bar and the service was very good .	service	positive
i had the pizza roll with meat and was it great .	pizza roll with meat	positive
it was ok , but not worth the _num_ hour wait .	wait	negative
you listened and took the time to make my hair absolutely perfect !	hair	positive
i went to jiffy lube instead .	jiffy lube	negative
so happy they have gluten free pizza now !	pizza	positive
maximum fitness is an all around high quality gym !	gym	positive
love this place .	place	positive
the fish was terrible .	fish	negative
she takes a little longer but the results are amazing .	results	positive
food quality was good .	food quality	positive
prep was very thorough , and end result looks great .	prep	positive
i was not offered a menu when i got there .	menu	negative
the staff is extremely polite and efficient .	staff	positive
this is one of the best attractions and historical venue in the area .	venue	positive
the drink prices are okay , sometimes a little high .	drink prices	negative
food was horrible and outdated .	food	negative
service was great and they were really friendly .	service	positive
could barely taste or see the basil .	basil	negative
i love the resort , the sanctuary , even more !	resort	positive
i love the resort , the sanctuary , even more !	sanctuary	positive
will not be back to got sushi .	sushi	negative
i love the giants , and i love coming to scottsdale for spring training .	giants	positive
have seen a few shows here and am always impressed by the acoustics .	acoustics	positive
i would definitely recommend volvo of tempe !	volvo of tempe	positive
service is great !	service	positive
they lost my $ _num_ order and i hope yours too .	$	negative
always have good results and the staff has always treated us right .	results	positive
always have good results and the staff has always treated us right .	staff	positive
its intimate and they have a band sometimes that fun .	band	positive
all of the food that i had was excellent .	food	positive
the cashier who was thier didnt say much , but he definitely needs work .	cashier	negative
kathy and beth are in the front office and are so nice and helpful .	front office	positive
if i could give this place _num_ stars , i would .	place	positive
my husband and i thoroughly enjoyed our meal here .	meal	positive
we sat down at one of _num_ total tables and waited for a bartender .	tables	negative
we sat down at one of _num_ total tables and waited for a bartender .	bartender	negative
the salad wraps are amazing !	salad wraps	positive
oasis is premium , the best of the best .	oasis	positive
enchiladas with poblano cream sauce were excellent .	enchiladas with poblano cream sauce	positive
i have never had a bad meal here , and always great service .	meal	positive
i have never had a bad meal here , and always great service .	service	positive
the service is great , and the food never disappoints .	service	positive
the service is great , and the food never disappoints .	food	positive
my favorite is the veggie melt sandwich .	veggie melt sandwich	positive
this is a typical az hyped up joint .	az	positive
all the employees were rude and clearly did not want to be there .	employees	negative
this place is a gem .	place	positive
fun stuff .	stuff	positive
the steakhouse onsite has a great bar , oysters and solid cocktails .	bar	positive
the steakhouse onsite has a great bar , oysters and solid cocktails .	oysters	positive
the steakhouse onsite has a great bar , oysters and solid cocktails .	cocktails	positive
it has the best bagels at a great price .	bagels	positive
it has the best bagels at a great price .	price	positive
everyone there is friendly and cares about their customers .	customers	positive
the servings were huge and the ice cream good .	servings	positive
the servings were huge and the ice cream good .	ice cream	positive
it 's still my favorite sushi in scottsdale .	sushi	positive
great haircuts time after time for a good price .	haircuts	positive
great haircuts time after time for a good price .	price	positive
my house salad with grilled chicken was lackluster to say the least .	house salad with grilled chicken	negative
i had a great experience at italian grotto a couple weeks ago .	italian grotto	positive
after the color was washed out she cut literally two pieces of hair .	color	negative
my dress fit me amazingly and i was a happy bride !	dress	positive
you can trust this business .	business	positive
i love le studio .	le studio	positive
this is my absolute favorite place to do karaoke !	karaoke	positive
service is good and you get your pizza pretty fast .	service	positive
service is good and you get your pizza pretty fast .	pizza	positive
highly recommend the fried beef or fried pork with a side of sticky rice .	fried beef	positive
highly recommend the fried beef or fried pork with a side of sticky rice .	fried pork with a side of sticky rice	positive
this was the worst place i have ever ate at .	place	negative
and the atmosphere is very cool .	atmosphere	positive
dr was great .	dr	positive
great customer service .	customer service	positive
the meal was pretty pricey ( $ _num_ ) , and we left disappointed !	meal	negative
4th great place for a business meeting .	business	positive
it is so large i have lunch for the next day .	lunch	positive
captain was very knowledgeable and entertaining .	captain	positive
my _num_ ordered the salmon and it was super good as well .	salmon	positive
prices were n't bad either .	prices	positive
always enjoy my dinner time there .	dinner time	positive
_num_ ) they actually have good customer service .	customer service	positive
we 'll definitely be back for more amazing food and service !	food	positive
we 'll definitely be back for more amazing food and service !	service	positive
this was a perfect place to go for a breakfast meal with my wife .	breakfast meal	positive
the service is prompt .	service	positive
authentic mexican food is delish !	mexican food	positive
the views were gorgeous !	views	positive
i recommend a stay here for any business traveler looking to be treated right !	stay	positive
loved the selection so i bought _num_ !	selection	positive
worst place ever !	place	negative
the lobster so fresh and delicious ( for az ) .	lobster	positive
scott is a business owner that truly gives customer service .	customer service	positive
this was a well run restaurant with delicious food and top notch service .	food	positive
this was a well run restaurant with delicious food and top notch service .	service	positive
so tonight i tried their new grilled version .	grilled version	positive
customer service is always beyond excellent .	customer service	positive
the crust is too buttery and not crispy or chewy .	crust	negative
my daughters $ _num_ crown fell out within _num_ weeks .	$	negative
the interior of this restaurant does n't look at all like i expected .	interior	negative
chips , salsa , and guacamole are all homemade and delicious .	chips	positive
chips , salsa , and guacamole are all homemade and delicious .	salsa	positive
chips , salsa , and guacamole are all homemade and delicious .	guacamole	positive
i ask for ice chips , sorry not until we get ct results .	ice chips	negative
i 've eaten at the pita house on several occasions over the years .	pita house	positive
chips tasted stale and like old oil , salsa was ok .	chips	negative
chips tasted stale and like old oil , salsa was ok .	salsa	negative
love this store !	store	positive
however , beef was very tender , but not impressed .	beef	negative
i always recommend your store and the feedback is always positive .	store	positive
i always recommend your store and the feedback is always positive .	feedback	positive
if i could give this hotel zero stars i would !	hotel	positive
i arrived there at 10:30 and there was no line to get in .	line	negative
kazimierz holds a special place in my heart .	kazimierz	positive
friendly service .	service	positive
the atmosphere on the patio was an added bonus .	atmosphere	positive
hash was cold , eggs cold .	hash	negative
very reasonable prices and accommodating staff !	prices	positive
very reasonable prices and accommodating staff !	staff	positive
my food was b l a n d. atmosphere was quaint .	food	positive
my food was b l a n d. atmosphere was quaint .	atmosphere	positive
i asked the waitress why i paid more .	waitress	negative
we got the cajun strip sandwich and the original pizza .	cajun strip sandwich	positive
we got the cajun strip sandwich and the original pizza .	pizza	positive
went here cause i wanted japanese style sushi .	japanese	positive
went here cause i wanted japanese style sushi .	sushi	positive
we love this place and ca n't get enough of it .	place	positive
we love this place and ca n't get enough of it .	ca	positive
the service was also really bad .	service	negative
awesome place and i recommend it for breakfast or lunch !	place	positive
awesome place and i recommend it for breakfast or lunch !	breakfast	positive
awesome place and i recommend it for breakfast or lunch !	lunch	positive
and they charge for the some of the shows .	shows	negative
great place in chandler if you do n't have too high expectations .	place	positive
the exotic mushroom pan fry is also a great choice !	exotic mushroom pan fry	positive
the food here is fantastic and they have large portions .	food	positive
the food here is fantastic and they have large portions .	portions	positive
great people and surprising amount of fun !	people	positive
the waitress spoke _num_ words if at all to us .	waitress	positive
the rooms in this hotel are bad .	rooms	negative
the rooms in this hotel are bad .	hotel	negative
the cost was $ _num_ ( i thought that was a little expensive ) .	cost	negative
the staff is charming , and the pieces they create are exquisite !	staff	positive
the staff is charming , and the pieces they create are exquisite !	pieces	positive
our waiter was very polite but four of our steaks were not prepared properly .	waiter	positive
our waiter was very polite but four of our steaks were not prepared properly .	steaks	negative
the presentation was even a bit sloppy .	presentation	negative
great big meatballs , good flavor and plenty of sauce .	meatballs	positive
great big meatballs , good flavor and plenty of sauce .	flavor	positive
great big meatballs , good flavor and plenty of sauce .	sauce	positive
they need to work on people skills as well as speed .	people skills	negative
they need to work on people skills as well as speed .	speed	negative
this is a great establishment to have in the neighborhood .	establishment	positive
prices are very reasonable and the service friendly and efficient .	prices	positive
prices are very reasonable and the service friendly and efficient .	service	positive
the supervisor did n't even seemed shocked that i was complaining .	supervisor	negative
very fun to take your kids and look at the planes as well !	planes	positive
i got a great tan , make sure to get spray on sunscreen .	tan	positive
i got a great tan , make sure to get spray on sunscreen .	spray on	positive
an extra bonus is the amazing gelato shop next door .	gelato shop	positive
and we always start with a caesar salad , also delicious .	caesar salad	positive
if you 're a foodie or just like great inventive dishes .	dishes	positive
had the pizza which was excellent !	pizza	positive
great guys .	guys	positive
nice store good location .	store	positive
nice store good location .	location	positive
give this place a try for a very romantic dinner with excellent food .	dinner	positive
give this place a try for a very romantic dinner with excellent food .	food	positive
overall this is a nice place to have dinner .	place	positive
overall this is a nice place to have dinner .	dinner	positive
wonderful family operation !	family operation	positive
he helped remove many stains that i thought would never come clean !	stains	negative
the only positive are the close with walking distance bars and restaurants .	bars	positive
the only positive are the close with walking distance bars and restaurants .	restaurants	positive
small unique place .	place	negative
keep up the good work !	work	positive
everyone there was great and kind .	everyone	positive
i had already picked out the glasses i wanted to try on .	glasses	positive
but the gyro was really good !	gyro	positive
party pizza is enormous !	party pizza	positive
the food is unique and savory .	food	positive
would n't even look at my cat , wanted me to sign paperwork .	cat	negative
would n't even look at my cat , wanted me to sign paperwork .	paperwork	negative
came here for dinner and was not disappointed !	dinner	positive
the landscape is beautiful and the floor plans are generous .	landscape	positive
the landscape is beautiful and the floor plans are generous .	floor plans	positive
we ordered hummus and the yogurt dip and it was addicting !	hummus	positive
we ordered hummus and the yogurt dip and it was addicting !	yogurt dip	positive
fabulous flavors of new mexico style food .	flavors	positive
ca n't wait to never return .	ca	positive
my nails look absolutely wonderful !	nails	positive
very nice people , and very professional .	people	positive
the salon is fun , clean and classy .	salon	positive
the food was spectacular .	food	positive
good place to go anytime .	place	positive
meatballs , the veal , etc .	meatballs	positive
meatballs , the veal , etc .	veal	positive
the grilled meats were done very well .	grilled meats	positive
either way , horrible quality frozen meat .	frozen meat	negative
with much hesitation i paid for my gf and myself 's entry fee .	gf	negative
with much hesitation i paid for my gf and myself 's entry fee .	entry fee	negative
the cheese cake is amazing and they have a great little bar inside .	cheese cake	positive
the cheese cake is amazing and they have a great little bar inside .	bar	positive
chicken , fried rice .	chicken , fried rice	positive
which , was n't the first time cops were in the complex .	cops	negative
love this museum !	museum	positive
the wait staff is always friendly too !	wait staff	positive
- great food .	food	positive
absolutely love this place .	place	positive
great drink specials and happy hour entres are just a few bucks .	drink specials	positive
_num_ ) the locker rooms are dirty .	locker rooms	negative
we got to our room and found a great layout and beautiful view .	room	positive
we got to our room and found a great layout and beautiful view .	layout	positive
we got to our room and found a great layout and beautiful view .	view	positive
in the end , the paint job was flawless and so shiny !	paint job	positive
so it 's my fault for buying beer there ?	beer	negative
suzanne is amazing !	suzanne	positive
above average to really tasty bar food .	bar food	positive
my water glass was always full .	water glass	positive
excellent food !	food	positive
a week and still no washer ?	washer	negative
sorry to say , they lost me as a customer .	customer	negative
that 's not exactly a recipe for a long line .	line	negative
the outside tables were clean , and the staff was pleasant and attentive .	outside tables	positive
the outside tables were clean , and the staff was pleasant and attentive .	staff	positive
someone needs to do a better job managing this location .	location	negative
not inedible , but not worth eating and especially not for $ _num_ .	$	negative
great service from the staff and very generous and affordable meals .	service	positive
great service from the staff and very generous and affordable meals .	staff	positive
great service from the staff and very generous and affordable meals .	meals	positive
pat was so rude !	pat	negative
his bedside manner is not about manners at all .	manners	negative
just guess the lines .	lines	positive
way too much avocado on the plate with a somewhat stingy helping of ahi .	avocado	negative
way too much avocado on the plate with a somewhat stingy helping of ahi .	plate	negative
way too much avocado on the plate with a somewhat stingy helping of ahi .	ahi	negative
this is a good place to get fat and poor .	place	positive
this is a good place to get fat and poor .	fat	positive
i looked at yelp just to find out what time the band came on .	band	negative
great place also to take those clothes u never wear for trade !	clothes	positive
perfect restaurant for any sports fan as the walls are lined with sports memorabilia .	walls	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
so surprised to find a good thai restaurant in scottsdale .	thai	positive
atmosphere was fun , eclectic and lovely to be outdoors !	atmosphere	positive
the food was relatively inexpensive & delicious .	food	positive
the pizza sub is awesome !	pizza sub	positive
the manager was very nice and offered to bring him some additional shrimp etc .	manager	positive
the manager was very nice and offered to bring him some additional shrimp etc .	shrimp	positive
the best breakfast joint in chandler !	breakfast joint	positive
the only thing nice about this dish was the broth which was wonderful .	dish	positive
the only thing nice about this dish was the broth which was wonderful .	broth	positive
also , they charge ridiculous amounts for fat quarters .	fat quarters	negative
the nutella dessert was so incredible !	nutella dessert	positive
three of our party ended up ordering bottomless sodas to satisfy the minimum .	sodas	negative
i had the shrimp scampi , which was the best i 've ever had .	shrimp scampi	positive
you can tell this place is under new management !	place	negative
you can tell this place is under new management !	management	positive
we have given this place many chances and every time we are disappointing .	place	negative
do n't understand the 3-5 stars for this place .	place	negative
first , i 'll say the service was great .	service	positive
love this place for lunch .	lunch	positive
very good not off the chart , excellent service , reservation are very prompt .	service	positive
very good not off the chart , excellent service , reservation are very prompt .	reservation	positive
they are the most professional staff in the entire valley !	staff	positive
love the patio , dining under the stars !	patio	positive
love the patio , dining under the stars !	dining	positive
the food is awesome !	food	positive
the tottie rolls are also amazing .	tottie rolls	positive
still one of my favorite all around places in the valley .	valley	positive
needless to see we will never be returning here and wasting our money again !	money	negative
great karaoke spot .	karaoke spot	positive
my husband ordered the halibut ( suggestion from waiter ) and it was overcooked .	halibut	negative
my husband ordered the halibut ( suggestion from waiter ) and it was overcooked .	waiter	negative
and the service was poor and rude .	service	negative
the atmosphere is pleasant and warm .	atmosphere	positive
the egg drop soup is some of the best i 've ever had .	egg drop soup	positive
all told the coach would be in their hands for _num_ to _num_ weeks .	coach	positive
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
the pizza was fantastic , and their wine selection was simple yet extensive .	pizza	positive
the pizza was fantastic , and their wine selection was simple yet extensive .	wine selection	positive
very little chips and salsa on the side .	chips	negative
grew up on real chinese food in california and this is not it .	chinese food	negative
service , great .	service	positive
great wine list !	wine list	positive
the food is wonderful !	food	positive
super friendly awesome helpful staff !	staff	positive
amazing place , friendly staff .	place	positive
amazing place , friendly staff .	staff	positive
just a great italian joint .	italian joint	positive
i checked my credit card today and saw a charge of $ _num_ .	credit	negative
the service is always fast and friendly .	service	positive
fun place to have drinks at happy hour .	place	positive
fun place to have drinks at happy hour .	drinks	positive
delicious and a great value !	value	positive
great service !	service	positive
our first experience was at the persian room and it was a great one .	persian room	positive
less than one star - i live here and the staff is terrible .	staff	negative
service is very good , waits have not been long .	service	positive
service is very good , waits have not been long .	waits	positive
not as much as i expected , but everything was on one bill .	bill	positive
have just done the walk through of my new apartment and it 's fantastic .	apartment	positive
however the staff left me quite wanting .	staff	negative
chips were ok but salsa was n't .	chips	negative
chips were ok but salsa was n't .	salsa	negative
their veal parm is amazing .	veal parm	positive
skip the grill and drive _num_ minutes down to the white chocolate grill .	grill	negative
skip the grill and drive _num_ minutes down to the white chocolate grill .	white chocolate grill	negative
love lunch express !	lunch express	positive
highly recommend coming to this starbucks , definitely my favorite , i love it !	starbucks	positive
i loved my evening , and even tried the rattlesnake .	evening	positive
i loved my evening , and even tried the rattlesnake .	rattlesnake	positive
and not just a little wrong but completely a different dish .	dish	positive
great little mom & pop gyros place .	mom	positive
great little mom & pop gyros place .	place	positive
the subs are n't even what they used to be .	subs	negative
they truly care for you and your vehicle there !	vehicle	positive
honey hot and the teriyaki wings are my favorite .	teriyaki wings	positive
what a great place .	place	positive
i ordered the burro chimi style cause i like a crispy shell .	burro chimi style	positive
i ordered the burro chimi style cause i like a crispy shell .	shell	positive
the food is good and it 's a good friendly environment .	food	positive
the food is good and it 's a good friendly environment .	environment	positive
the `` steak '' on the nachos looked like beans .	steak ''	negative
the `` steak '' on the nachos looked like beans .	nachos	negative
the `` steak '' on the nachos looked like beans .	beans	negative
secondly , i never asked for a free meal .	meal	positive
what a great spot !	spot	positive
the food is worth the price .	food	positive
the food is worth the price .	price	positive
they have a great happy hour and a wonderful complimentary bread basket .	bread basket	positive
i love love love this store .	store	positive
and finally ( one time _num_ minutes later ) we get our food .	food	positive
the food was nothing to write home about .	food	negative
great spot !	spot	positive
the customer service is awful .	customer service	negative
one of my favorite resorts in america .	resorts	positive
just ca n't eat this stuff anymore .	stuff	negative
the food actually has flavor !	food	positive
we always use rosa and she does a great job .	rosa	positive
over $ _num_ after some drinks and a double tip .	drinks	negative
over $ _num_ after some drinks and a double tip .	tip	positive
ambiance is perfect !	ambiance	positive
aka fresher fish , better ingredients , and superior preparation .	fish	positive
aka fresher fish , better ingredients , and superior preparation .	ingredients	positive
outstanding customer service .	customer service	positive
i do n't know why i ever call in orders for this place .	place	negative
regular live entertainment at attached bar next door .	live entertainment	positive
regular live entertainment at attached bar next door .	bar	positive
best chinese food ever .	chinese food	positive
not very in tune with a patient 's need to know .	patient	negative
my tooth still has not been taken out after this unfortunate event .	tooth	positive
love the food here .	food	positive
the guys are great , service is always with a smile .	guys	positive
the guys are great , service is always with a smile .	service	positive
could feel every spring in the bed and pillows were a joke .	bed	negative
could feel every spring in the bed and pillows were a joke .	pillows	negative
worst scottsdale service i have had in the past _num_ years .	service	negative
never got the craps afterwards but that was a surprise .	craps	negative
i was so disappointed in this potential venue for my wedding .	venue	negative
my go-to thai order is panang curry .	panang curry	positive
exceptional service .	service	positive
the salsa was truly the worst i 've every had .	salsa	negative
it was cold out that eve so i requested the front door be closed .	front door	negative
so i asked for a bit more butter , but i never got it .	butter	negative
from the atmosphere , to the service to the food .	atmosphere	positive
from the atmosphere , to the service to the food .	service	positive
from the atmosphere , to the service to the food .	food	positive
basically a free manicure , how bad can it be ?	manicure	negative
i ordered the exotic mushroom pan fry one of the signature lunch dishes .	exotic mushroom pan fry	positive
i ordered the exotic mushroom pan fry one of the signature lunch dishes .	lunch dishes	positive
fresh baked goods there !	baked goods	positive
went to the bakery today and it was fantastic .	bakery	positive
this salon is the best !	salon	positive
the food is amazing .	food	positive
very friendly staff !	staff	positive
the staff and manager were both excellent , and the food was great .	staff	positive
the staff and manager were both excellent , and the food was great .	manager	positive
the staff and manager were both excellent , and the food was great .	food	positive
if new management have taken over , guess what , you have failed .	management	negative
they take forever to deliver and when they do , its all wrong .	deliver	negative
we 've always had wonderful dishes .	dishes	positive
chopped salad is legit !	chopped salad	positive
horrible , horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
the comedians were pretty funny , and you ca n't beat the price .	comedians	positive
the comedians were pretty funny , and you ca n't beat the price .	price	negative
no dice again .	dice	negative
excellent pediatric dentistry .	pediatric dentistry	positive
i 'm a big fan of this place !	place	positive
the egg fu young was horrible .	egg fu young	negative
the rice was cold and not fresh as it seems like .	rice	negative
one of my favorite spots .	spots	positive
great eats here too .	eats	positive
selection was limited and the styles were all ghetto .	selection	negative
selection was limited and the styles were all ghetto .	styles	negative
nice little place and it 's open _num_ hours .	place	positive
overall the food was good .	food	positive
wow , this place is good .	place	positive
the have some nice local artwork , too .	artwork	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
excellent location !	location	positive
this place is absolutely to die for .	place	positive
this place is really cool for a small little dive bar .	dive bar	positive
needless to say neither of us finished our meals .	meals	negative
service is spotty .	service	negative
i always worry this place will go out of business .	place	negative
thank you dustin for my amazing hair !	hair	positive
i 've had better menudo at filibertos and i 'm mexican !	menudo	positive
our waiter jeremy was great as well .	waiter	positive
it 's never very crowded and the regulars are a hoot .	regulars	positive
our family buys all of our bikes here .	bikes	positive
our server , lisa , was slow .	server	negative
clothing , shoes , gifts , jewelry , food items etc ... .	clothing	positive
clothing , shoes , gifts , jewelry , food items etc ... .	shoes	positive
clothing , shoes , gifts , jewelry , food items etc ... .	gifts	positive
clothing , shoes , gifts , jewelry , food items etc ... .	jewelry	positive
clothing , shoes , gifts , jewelry , food items etc ... .	food items	positive
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	lunch	positive
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	sanctuary	negative
great hotel .	hotel	positive
good music .	music	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
i love the place .	place	positive
when the food finally arrived it 's was bland and tasted stale .	food	negative
all the people very friendly and accommodating .	people	positive
great , low key option in old town scottsdale .	scottsdale	positive
we definitely make use of that great offer .	offer	positive
so i would n't recommend this place .	place	negative
the food is outstanding !	food	positive
you feel like you 've stepped into a different world .	world	negative
great food ok service .	food	positive
great food ok service .	service	positive
the rest of the staff are always great as well .	staff	positive
this place delivers on all of these items .	items	positive
the staff here have been amazing .	staff	positive
we are so glad we found this cute wine bar !	wine bar	positive
it 's a much better option than the club scene .	club scene	negative
the place is pretty but internet is horrible .	place	positive
potential used car buyers be warned .	used car buyers	negative
the ambiance is wonderful when seated outside .	ambiance	positive
restrooms are clean .	restrooms	positive
great location .	location	positive
great atmosphere for a date too .	atmosphere	positive
these douche bags made us pay our bill twice on sat .	douche bags	negative
these douche bags made us pay our bill twice on sat .	bill	negative
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	beer	negative
service was beyond horrible .	service	negative
i love pastries and these do not disappoint .	pastries	positive
her boutique has a fabulous selection of designer brands !	designer brands	positive
the ribs and service were excellent .	ribs	positive
the ribs and service were excellent .	service	positive
the service was not great and seriously the food is lacking !	service	negative
the service was not great and seriously the food is lacking !	food	negative
highly recommend this place .	place	positive
i have been here _num_ different times on my business travel .	business	positive
you just get sick of sitting in a dealership .	dealership	negative
i have also had pizza & calzones here & both are absolutely awesome .	pizza & calzones	positive
perfect combo !	combo	positive
they are in my top _num_ spots for a great breakfast .	breakfast	positive
indeed the restroom is fancy and very clean .	restroom	positive
i will not go back to ace hardware again .	hardware	negative
i love the food here .	food	positive
the place is indeed charming , but ultimately not worth it .	place	positive
i consistently find the staff here to lack any type of customer service skills .	staff	negative
i consistently find the staff here to lack any type of customer service skills .	customer service	negative
pricey but the customer service is always great .	customer service	positive
i wanted a refund for the flooring and went through visa to get it .	flooring	negative
food was not great at all .	food	negative
was a tube tv from the early _num_ 's .	tube tv	positive
service was very good .	service	positive
fun times !	times	positive
everyone is nice .	everyone	positive
i would not go here during regular hours and regular prices .	prices	negative
extremely bad karma for charming old town scottsdale !	scottsdale	negative
a great place to spend the day !	place	positive
i only had _num_ that were worth a damn !	_num_	positive
they have a good chicken noodle soup and the bagels are delicious .	chicken noodle soup	positive
they have a good chicken noodle soup and the bagels are delicious .	bagels	positive
consistent , quality food - we enjoy going there about once a month !	food	positive
this place does horrible work .	place	negative
not even worth the convenience .	convenience	negative
_num_ for biscuits and gravy with toast and hash browns .	biscuits	positive
_num_ for biscuits and gravy with toast and hash browns .	gravy with toast	positive
_num_ for biscuits and gravy with toast and hash browns .	hash browns	positive
the decor is great and the service did not let us down !	decor	positive
the decor is great and the service did not let us down !	service	positive
i love kelly 's designs .	designs	positive
this is the best guitar shop in scottsdale , period .	guitar shop	positive
great service , professional service people , , will be a customer for life .	service	positive
great service , professional service people , , will be a customer for life .	service people	positive
the tortillas are extremely tasty .	tortillas	positive
anyway no go for animal lovers !	animal	negative
the food was great .	food	positive
i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .	restaurant	negative
best pizza in az so far !	pizza	positive
got soy paper for the wife and got a bunch of other stuff .	soy paper	positive
service is always top notch .	service	positive
maintenance has no clue what they are doing .	maintenance	negative
the best dish for the night was the jumbo shrimp pasta .	dish	positive
the best dish for the night was the jumbo shrimp pasta .	jumbo shrimp pasta	positive
he says okay your total is _num_ .	total	positive
equipment is in decent shape , but it is rather crowded .	equipment	positive
spice culinary festival last night was fabulous !	spice culinary festival	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
i guess some people really have no idea what good food taste like .	food	negative
if you like gyros , you will love king 's .	gyros	positive
the chicken was nice and juicy .	chicken	positive
the soup was lukewarm as if it had been sitting out .	soup	negative
food is great as well as wonderful service .	food	positive
food is great as well as wonderful service .	service	positive
i enjoyed the signature dish as recommendation of the waitress and was extremely pleased .	signature dish	positive
i enjoyed the signature dish as recommendation of the waitress and was extremely pleased .	waitress	positive
awesome dinner that we happened upon .	dinner	positive
now , this is customer service because she made me feel important .	customer service	positive
i would definitely recommend their white chocolate mocha !	white chocolate mocha	positive
seriously , the best cheese crisp ever .	cheese crisp	positive
very disappointing for a place that normally gets _num_ stars here on yelp .	place	negative
had a caesar and oriental salad , and both were good .	caesar and oriental salad	positive
this place is uber swanky !	place	positive
my recent experience at the marquee theatre was essentially like every other reviewers .	marquee	positive
this location always has great service and the food is spot-on .	service	positive
this location always has great service and the food is spot-on .	food	positive
i am not a fan of this place .	place	negative
kids love it .	kids	positive
this new and improved dunkin donuts is the worst .	dunkin donuts	negative
great location !	location	positive
i had the chicken burro enchilada style and the chicken was boiled and dry .	chicken burro enchilada style	negative
_num_ star on a bad day , _num_ stars on a good day .	_num_	negative
if you want the best for your pet , you have to go here .	pet	positive
i could have had a cookie .	cookie	positive
the bakery is usually my favorite part ... or the sushi !	bakery	positive
the bakery is usually my favorite part ... or the sushi !	sushi	positive
the only thing good about tom bbq sandwich was the toasted bread .	tom bbq sandwich	positive
the only thing good about tom bbq sandwich was the toasted bread .	toasted bread	positive
we love this place !	place	positive
it was outstanding service with excellent personality service .	service	positive
it was outstanding service with excellent personality service .	personality service	positive
_num_ ) shrimp fried rice .	shrimp fried rice	positive
i had the machaca burro supreme tonight .	machaca burro supreme	positive
this place is really trying to be upscale , but it 's not .	place	negative
their bat brew was alright ... a bit sour .	bat brew	negative
good eats , enjoy !	eats	positive
unfortunately , the meat did not taste fresh either and really grossed me out .	meat	negative
i recently had drinks and food with friends here .	drinks	positive
i recently had drinks and food with friends here .	food	positive
guaranteed a good night for sure !	night	positive
the whole place looks dated and not that clean .	place	negative
so yeah , try the hot chocolate .	hot chocolate	positive
wonderful company .	company	positive
everyone is so warm and friendly at both locations .	everyone	positive
the food was real , authentic recipes from germany .	food	positive
but they have so much good stuff .	stuff	positive
the inside is clean and the staff is friendly .	inside	positive
the inside is clean and the staff is friendly .	staff	positive
my favorite is the strawberry glazed !	strawberry glazed	positive
bad attitude .	attitude	negative
she says i 've been rude since she told me about the coffee .	coffee	negative
great food , great service .	food	positive
great food , great service .	service	positive
very comfortable atmosphere and the bat tenders are witty and fun !	atmosphere	positive
very comfortable atmosphere and the bat tenders are witty and fun !	bat tenders	positive
good food and freindly staff .	food	positive
good food and freindly staff .	staff	positive
the coffee really is n't worth it .	coffee	negative
the margarita side was better but also need excessive parmesan to taste well .	margarita side	positive
the margarita side was better but also need excessive parmesan to taste well .	parmesan	negative
poor customer service .	customer service	negative
he was rude and did not deserve our service .	service	negative
first off , their maintenance is horrible .	maintenance	negative
i was impressed by the whole package .	package	positive
not having that money made our trip back home very difficult .	money	negative
all in all , everything in their menu is overpriced by approximately $ _num_ .	menu	positive
i would definitely recommend going there for breakfast or lunch !	breakfast	positive
i would definitely recommend going there for breakfast or lunch !	lunch	positive
brought in laundry on a friday , told it would be ready monday .	laundry	negative
old town scottsdale is a great town to walk around .	scottsdale	positive
the people are friendly and the selections are very good .	people	positive
the people are friendly and the selections are very good .	selections	positive
service was fast and friendly !	service	positive
i recommend this auto mechanic to all my friends .	auto	positive
this is a very compassionate lady that owns this store .	store	positive
the salad bar was pathetic and the soup was mediocre at best .	salad bar	negative
the salad bar was pathetic and the soup was mediocre at best .	soup	negative
random employees coming and going , no consistency .	employees	negative
the food is hot , and spicy and really good .	food	positive
i really did not want to eat my breakfast next to a large dog .	breakfast	negative
i really did not want to eat my breakfast next to a large dog .	dog	negative
i was immediately disappointed with this hotel .	hotel	negative
i feel so lucky to have zizzo 's in my neighborhood .	zizzo	positive
my friend asked for the ravioli instead ... should n't be that hard .	ravioli	negative
i love wood fired pizza and was excited to give theirs a try .	wood fired pizza	positive
this great taco truck uses fresh ingredients !	taco truck	positive
this great taco truck uses fresh ingredients !	ingredients	positive
ate in the bar and we ordered the prime rib and rib dinner .	bar	positive
ate in the bar and we ordered the prime rib and rib dinner .	prime rib	positive
ate in the bar and we ordered the prime rib and rib dinner .	rib dinner	positive
the fish quality is usually pretty bad and this was no exception .	fish quality	negative
sushi is bland and not anything to write home about .	sushi	negative
loved the all american hot dog with tater tots meal !	hot dog with tater tots meal	positive
quaint restaurant off the beaten path .	restaurant	positive
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
my favorite dive bar in old town .	dive bar	positive
staff always greets you warmly .	staff	positive
great bar .	bar	positive
this is my favorite sports bar and grill in the valley !	sports bar	positive
this is my favorite sports bar and grill in the valley !	grill	positive
was an elegant evening .	evening	positive
so i grabbed my shit and left .	shit	negative
unless you 're going for happy hour i would definitely advise avoiding this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
great pizza , and at a good price too .	pizza	positive
great pizza , and at a good price too .	price	positive
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	birthday surprise	negative
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	day	negative
my husband loves the food .	food	positive
the hummus is delicious and their chicken never lacks in flavor .	hummus	positive
the hummus is delicious and their chicken never lacks in flavor .	chicken	positive
there are a lot of available units , there is a reason for that .	units	positive
typical mall restaurant , average food for above average prices .	food	positive
typical mall restaurant , average food for above average prices .	prices	positive
food was wrong and tasted like it was left overs from last week .	food	negative
overall i had a great time and the food was pretty good too .	food	positive
i would not recommend that anyone take any sort of equipment here .	equipment	negative
plus , woman who worked the meat dept was so friendly and helpful .	meat dept	positive
pool is very clean and the evening cookies are so delicious .	pool	positive
pool is very clean and the evening cookies are so delicious .	evening cookies	positive
as with the meat , they put only a small cut on each sandwich .	meat	negative
as with the meat , they put only a small cut on each sandwich .	sandwich	negative
i had a bad experience with the service of the place .	service	negative
i also love the decor , full of cozy couches and chairs .	decor	positive
i also love the decor , full of cozy couches and chairs .	couches	positive
i also love the decor , full of cozy couches and chairs .	chairs	positive
my girls shared the chicken teriyaki and were not impressed .	chicken teriyaki	negative
one can only dream about grimaldi 's opening in la one day ... .	grimaldi	positive
poor service - slow , confused , language barrier .	service	negative
great wings .	wings	positive
fresh donuts and great service !	donuts	positive
fresh donuts and great service !	service	positive
we wo n't be back to this lv again .	lv	negative
food , dcor , service are all good - cornbread is awesome .	food	positive
food , dcor , service are all good - cornbread is awesome .	service	positive
food , dcor , service are all good - cornbread is awesome .	cornbread	positive
pool was wonderful .	pool	positive
what was left was literally _num_ small bites .	bites	negative
service great .	service	positive
really rude server .	server	negative
grab a beer and bring a friend for an enjoyable time .	beer	positive
overall , a fantastic afternoon !	afternoon	positive
i am a big eggs benedict fan and was eager to try their version .	eggs benedict	positive
great place to watch the game !	game	positive
horrible injera , it was not warm or fresh at all .	injera	negative
nice crowd and cheap liquor made it a good time .	crowd	positive
nice crowd and cheap liquor made it a good time .	liquor	positive
took my suv there to get the air fixed which stopped blowing .	air	negative
service was fine .	service	positive
we had a birthday party breakfast and the were delicious .	birthday party breakfast	positive
there staff is friendly , and the place is very clean !	staff	positive
there staff is friendly , and the place is very clean !	place	positive
she said she asked another wait staff to bring it over .	wait staff	negative
the parking is always a nightmare and there is always a wait .	parking	negative
the parking is always a nightmare and there is always a wait .	wait	negative
the staff is friendly , knowledgeable and give great service .	staff	positive
the staff is friendly , knowledgeable and give great service .	service	positive
the sundaes are always made up to perfection .	sundaes	positive
good service , and nice seating .	service	positive
good service , and nice seating .	seating	positive
thank you for a fantastic party !	party	positive
our service was good .	service	positive
she was extremely nice , as was the rest of her staff .	staff	positive
i second that - excellent customer service !	customer service	positive
all of their staff was nice , courteous and helpful .	staff	positive
the wings are still the best i 've ever had .	wings	positive
staff are very friendly .	staff	positive
quality ice cream in a very cute shop !	quality ice cream	positive
they staff is so friendly and know us by name .	staff	positive
the best chopped salad on the planet !	chopped salad	positive
no wake up call .	wake	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
a wonderful place to spend time at fashion square !	place	positive
a wonderful place to spend time at fashion square !	fashion	positive
also , walls are paper thin !	walls	negative
i was very happy with the service and the food was excellent as well .	service	positive
i was very happy with the service and the food was excellent as well .	food	positive
best beef cheese steak sandwich ever !	beef cheese steak sandwich	positive
it was greasy , very salty and the order was wrong .	order	negative
at least you know going into it that the food will be mediocre .	food	negative
the best mexican my party had ever had .	mexican	positive
has great food and very friendly staff .	food	positive
has great food and very friendly staff .	staff	positive
great food .	food	positive
do not use this company !	company	negative
it is a drive for me but their subs are worth it .	subs	positive
this is definitely my favorite grocery store ( sunflower is a close second ) .	sunflower	positive
each and every time we had such bad service we were given free desserts .	service	negative
each and every time we had such bad service we were given free desserts .	desserts	negative
they just need to get their staff in order .	staff	negative
they have terrible customer service .	customer service	negative
i 'm not saying this veterinarian office is n't good .	veterinarian office	negative
clean environment , friendly environment , great service .	environment	positive
clean environment , friendly environment , great service .	environment	positive
clean environment , friendly environment , great service .	service	positive
great place to go to start an old town adventure .	place	positive
it 's just a great place for happy hour or romantic dinner for two .	dinner	positive
love this place , they have a new loyal customer .	place	positive
love this place , they have a new loyal customer .	customer	positive
this place is awesome the staff are wonderful my kids love it here .	place	positive
this place is awesome the staff are wonderful my kids love it here .	staff	positive
bad bad customer service .	customer service	negative
denny 's served far better breakfast , i 'm sorry .	breakfast	positive
all these people ca n't be that wrong !	ca	positive
we love the sweet & sour chicken and mongolian beef combo plates .	sweet & sour chicken	positive
we love the sweet & sour chicken and mongolian beef combo plates .	mongolian beef combo plates	positive
i placed three calls to the service department with no return calls .	service	negative
sandwiches , bread , phenomenal .	sandwiches	positive
sandwiches , bread , phenomenal .	bread	positive
food is always spectacular .	food	positive
i felt like the work done was n't worth the price paid .	work	negative
i felt like the work done was n't worth the price paid .	price	negative
i just was n't happy with the service i received here .	service	negative
would n't recommend this place to only trashy people !	people	negative
wonderful italian wines .	italian wines	positive
the more beers the better !	beers	positive
no diamonds were missing .	diamonds	positive
set up is weird .	set	negative
this victoria secret is easily accessible within the scottsdale fashion square on camelback rd .	victoria secret	positive
they ran out of boneless wings .	wings	negative
just be prepared to be sitting in old uncomfortable chairs .	chairs	negative
considering a membership due to the great experience .	membership	positive
great place .	place	positive
the room was very clean .	room	positive
i did not dig the crowd either , not a very happening place .	crowd	negative
i did not dig the crowd either , not a very happening place .	place	negative
will definitely be back for future service and repairs .	service	negative
good st. louis style pizza and great ribs .	style pizza	positive
good st. louis style pizza and great ribs .	ribs	positive
i love how some of the rolls have a local theme , nice touch !	rolls	positive
and i love their thai iced teas ... .	thai iced teas	positive
with the rain outside , it only made it worse .	rain	negative
love their sushi and beef short rib soup !	sushi	positive
love their sushi and beef short rib soup !	beef short rib soup	positive
very unique setting and resort .	setting	positive
i ordered the pad thai and i was unsatisfied with the meal .	pad thai	negative
i ordered the pad thai and i was unsatisfied with the meal .	meal	negative
the tamale was amazing _num_ the best deal ever !	tamale	positive
the tamale was amazing _num_ the best deal ever !	deal	positive
menu vast and has a mexican flair with old school diner .	menu	positive
menu vast and has a mexican flair with old school diner .	diner	positive
the service is fine .	service	positive
i highly recommend this company !	company	positive
this is the best pizza in az !	pizza	positive
delicious food .	food	positive
i will definitely return for my next oil change .	oil change	positive
i paid over _num_ bucks and got a really pathetic wash .	wash	negative
the employees were friendly and helpful .	employees	positive
incredible menu and reasonably priced for the area .	menu	positive
incredible menu and reasonably priced for the area .	priced	positive
incredible menu and reasonably priced for the area .	area	positive
her ma vanessa is fantastic also .	ma vanessa	positive
homemade rice and beans were wonderful also .	homemade rice	positive
highly reccomend this office !	office	positive
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	seats	negative
the sales associates are really nice and wo n't hesitate talking to you .	sales associates	positive
the pizza has been excellent every time as well as the service .	pizza	positive
the pizza has been excellent every time as well as the service .	service	positive
great tacos , cool patio to kick it with a corona .	tacos	positive
great tacos , cool patio to kick it with a corona .	patio	positive
great tacos , cool patio to kick it with a corona .	corona	positive
hot and spicy bean curd was wonderful .	bean curd	positive
the salads are also great and the service has always been good .	salads	positive
the salads are also great and the service has always been good .	service	positive
this place is overly trendy and the sushi is n't very good at all .	place	negative
this place is overly trendy and the sushi is n't very good at all .	sushi	negative
i had the seafood combination last night and it was amazing !	seafood combination	positive
it has an incredible light sweetness to it with their signature cornbread as croutons .	cornbread as croutons	positive
after they take your money , they wo n't even return a call .	money	negative
their gel nails last for weeks and the pedicure massage is highly recommended .	gel nails	positive
their gel nails last for weeks and the pedicure massage is highly recommended .	pedicure massage	positive
pf changs has delicious food in a quiet beautiful place .	food	positive
pf changs has delicious food in a quiet beautiful place .	place	positive
the doctor was also very helpful and understanding .	doctor	positive
letting cleaning people in my home takes a lot of trust .	cleaning people	negative
scottsdale air has impressed us the most .	air	positive
but i really hate when i leave a place feeling used & played .	place	negative
on a last attempt our card went through .	card	negative
he also stated there are bars on the building for bikes .	bars	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
the sauce on it is great , and the portion is gigantic .	sauce on	positive
the sauce on it is great , and the portion is gigantic .	portion	positive
add in the crab dip as an appetizer and i am a happy girl .	crab dip	positive
add in the crab dip as an appetizer and i am a happy girl .	appetizer	positive
good example is their incredible meat loaf which i thought was long gone .	meat loaf	positive
yum i love the food !	food	positive
trendy , over priced , typical snotty scottsdale attitudes .	priced	negative
trendy , over priced , typical snotty scottsdale attitudes .	scottsdale	negative
beautiful place to eat in a great setting .	place	positive
beautiful place to eat in a great setting .	setting	positive
still the best around !	around	positive
portions are good , had leftovers .	portions	positive
i 've been there numerous times and had amazing service every time !	service	positive
potatoes and onions are finely chopped and sauteed to perfection .	potatoes	positive
potatoes and onions are finely chopped and sauteed to perfection .	onions	positive
great , honest service with fair prices .	service	positive
great , honest service with fair prices .	prices	positive
had a nice atmosphere , quick service , great steaks , and prime rib .	atmosphere	positive
had a nice atmosphere , quick service , great steaks , and prime rib .	service	positive
had a nice atmosphere , quick service , great steaks , and prime rib .	steaks	positive
had a nice atmosphere , quick service , great steaks , and prime rib .	prime rib	positive
that smothered chimi is divine !	chimi	positive
food and service , was the best !	food	positive
food and service , was the best !	service	positive
customer service is impeccable and so personable .	customer service	positive
so glad to find a place that is fair and highly qualified !	place	positive
love this place !	place	positive
owner needs to get new staff and clearly bring back customer service .	owner	negative
owner needs to get new staff and clearly bring back customer service .	staff	negative
owner needs to get new staff and clearly bring back customer service .	customer service	negative
the valet is very helpful and the service is fast .	valet	positive
the valet is very helpful and the service is fast .	service	positive
my sandwich taste like its been sitting in circle k for weeks .	sandwich	negative
a great price for the quality of the food .	price	positive
a great price for the quality of the food .	quality	positive
a great price for the quality of the food .	food	positive
cue club is n't what it is all hyped up to be .	cue	negative
the greek menu options are great .	greek menu options	positive
pork tenderloin , apps , sides all just right .	pork tenderloin , apps	positive
i called the front desk but they we not helpful .	front desk	negative
the service is friendly and prompt .	service	positive
they did a great job taking care of my car and what i needed .	car	positive
just absolutely great service .	service	positive
i will also say the wait staff was friendly , but a little slow .	wait staff	positive
i do n't care if everyone in your party has n't arrived .	party	negative
his prices are very reasonable and he is professional and friendly .	prices	positive
too much good stuff close to home .	stuff	negative
instead we received dishes that ranged from ok to awful .	dishes	negative
our friends had steak - cooked perfectly .	steak	positive
they are so nice and really show that they care about your pet .	pet	positive
full of rosemary flavor without the crunch of it .	rosemary flavor	positive
full of rosemary flavor without the crunch of it .	crunch	negative
brunch fail .	brunch fail	positive
the filet is probably the best thing on the menu .	filet	positive
the filet is probably the best thing on the menu .	menu	positive
came here last year for spring training ( go giants ) and will return .	spring	positive
the pizza is outstanding !	pizza	positive
just make sure you like food a little spicy : ) .	food	positive
their tacos are very good .	tacos	positive
but still , a great alternative to chinese or pizza .	chinese	positive
but still , a great alternative to chinese or pizza .	pizza	positive
always feel like i was treated fairly and received good service .	service	positive
the restaurant has a delightful italian charm ambiance .	italian charm ambiance	positive
stephanie is the only person i let touch my hair .	hair	positive
this is a great little dive bar .	dive bar	positive
i personally love the eggplant with noodles and their pizzas which are stunning !	eggplant with noodles	positive
i personally love the eggplant with noodles and their pizzas which are stunning !	pizzas	positive
there is no tub in the room .	tub	negative
there is no tub in the room .	room	negative
a great place to watch sports !	place	positive
a great place to watch sports !	sports	positive
i love their french toast with challah bread .	french toast with challah bread	positive
however i did not enjoy the food .	food	negative
this staff is never prepared for the dinner rush .	staff	positive
this staff is never prepared for the dinner rush .	dinner rush	negative
super local place with great food and a great atmosphere .	food	positive
super local place with great food and a great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
very pushy and not customer friendly at all !	customer	negative
fast , friendly and great results .	results	positive
i highly recommend this business ... they wo n't let you down .	business	positive
the tile selection is amazing and the sales staff are great to work with .	tile selection	positive
the tile selection is amazing and the sales staff are great to work with .	sales staff	positive
fantastic wine and cozy atmosphere make cowboy ciao a scottsdale staple .	wine	positive
fantastic wine and cozy atmosphere make cowboy ciao a scottsdale staple .	atmosphere	positive
... and i spent a couple of hours in our hotel bathroom that night !	bathroom	negative
we still left $ _num_ on top of a $ _num_ bill .	bill	negative
this place is awful !	place	negative
network automotive service center is a good honest shop .	automotive service center	positive
it appears they are just after your money .	money	negative
great views and the food is fantastic .	views	positive
great views and the food is fantastic .	food	positive
love this store !	store	positive
now that i know where this place is , i will definitely be back .	place	positive
thank you for your # _num_ customer service !	customer service	positive
avoid this bank if you are in any sort of hurry .	bank	negative
better service , better quality - thank you robert !	service	positive
better service , better quality - thank you robert !	quality	positive
the food was not spectacular .	food	negative
really enjoyed this little place .	place	positive
blue adobe had very good food .	food	positive
when i called , the guy claimed someone must have switched the tag .	tag	negative
i work in the hotel industry and i always got compliments from my guest .	hotel	positive
my dad and i split a whole combo sandwich .	sandwich	positive
great service .	service	positive
fantastic selection and if you do n't see something you want , just ask .	selection	positive
had an iced tea that was horrible .	iced tea	negative
i was thoroughly satisfied with how authentic and fresh the food was .	food	positive
a disappointing electronics store for its size .	electronics store	negative
your products are not horrible but your service is the worst .	products	positive
your products are not horrible but your service is the worst .	service	negative
dr. was very kind !	dr.	positive
not a normal mcdonalds im used to growing up .	mcdonalds	positive
my options were stupid .	options	negative
i have had such an awful experience with this place .	place	negative
food was delivered by a very nice lady .	food	positive
they also pour a great glass of wine .	glass of wine	positive
their mixed drinks are not even worth mentioning .	mixed drinks	negative
favorite thai place in the valley .	thai place	positive
the decorations and lighting are beautiful !	decorations	positive
the decorations and lighting are beautiful !	lighting	positive
there simply are n't enough to support the audience .	audience	negative
we really enjoyed their flights they have to choose from .	flights	positive
she had no idea why it had n't been delivered .	delivered	negative
i 'd rather be stuffed in a trunk .	trunk	negative
try the take out to impress your next dinner party !	take out	positive
try the take out to impress your next dinner party !	dinner	positive
great $ _num_ mojitos .	$	positive
the central air conditioning is terrible .	central air conditioning	negative
it 's a very fun space with a lot of talent .	space	positive
way too much food .	food	negative
the menu and food is great and the wait staff is professional .	menu	positive
the menu and food is great and the wait staff is professional .	food	positive
the menu and food is great and the wait staff is professional .	wait staff	positive
friendly staff , relaxing atmosphere and scrumptious food .	staff	positive
friendly staff , relaxing atmosphere and scrumptious food .	atmosphere	positive
friendly staff , relaxing atmosphere and scrumptious food .	food	positive
he was very professional and installed all three fans in three hours .	fans	positive
pizza and wings hit a spot that had not been hit in awhile .	pizza	positive
the lady that took the order said no msg in their food .	food	negative
loved this place .	place	positive
barros has good ranch .	ranch	positive
what a wonderful number , eh ?	number	positive
apt life kind of sucks anyway .	life	negative
my advice : spend your money elsewhere .	money	positive
normally i like shopping here but , today was my last visit .	shopping	positive
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	food	negative
dry bland potato wedges .	potato wedges	negative
mary checked my ring in about _num_ seconds and than cleaned it .	ring	negative
the pizza is excellent .	pizza	positive
the food here was fantastic !	food	positive
excellent customer service !	customer service	positive
this church made us feel like we were at home .	church	positive
cooked perfect and good flavor .	cooked	positive
cooked perfect and good flavor .	flavor	positive
i highly recommend checking out their menu for a meal to go !	menu	positive
i highly recommend checking out their menu for a meal to go !	meal	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the service was great .	service	positive
the household aisle was full of fun goodies for foodies .	household aisle	positive
the household aisle was full of fun goodies for foodies .	goodies	positive
i got a machaca burrito , and it was super great !	machaca burrito	positive
i love the mini chimis here !	mini chimis	positive
nice , casual atmosphere and above average , varied and large mexican dishes .	atmosphere	positive
nice , casual atmosphere and above average , varied and large mexican dishes .	mexican dishes	positive
thank you fifth ave !	fifth ave	positive
they have a great cherry mule as well .	cherry mule	positive
how the hell can a pizza that long at _num_ in the morning ?	pizza	positive
bartenders are personable and genuine .	bartenders	positive
food was excellent .	food	positive
overall it was a negative dining and drinking experience .	dining	negative
overall it was a negative dining and drinking experience .	drinking	negative
very friendly staff who really care about the dogs and extremely reasonable price .	staff	positive
very friendly staff who really care about the dogs and extremely reasonable price .	dogs	positive
very friendly staff who really care about the dogs and extremely reasonable price .	price	positive
the food was delivered very fast and it was good !	food	positive
the mixed drinks are horrible !	mixed drinks	negative
the bar is a perfect date spot .	bar	positive
the bar is a perfect date spot .	date spot	positive
my first time at this sephora and i had a great experience .	sephora	positive
the bartenders are great and they make great drinks !	bartenders	positive
the bartenders are great and they make great drinks !	drinks	positive
the worst ( in every way ) restaurant i have ever been to .	restaurant	negative
the combination of savory with a splash of sweet is out of this world .	combination of savory	positive
and the chips and hot sauce is so good !	chips	positive
and the chips and hot sauce is so good !	hot sauce	positive
nothing my date ordered was very appetizing .	date	negative
nothing my date ordered was very appetizing .	appetizing	negative
my advise , eat dinner before you come .	dinner	positive
a good resort for a quick staycation or getting away !	staycation	positive
it 's not a burger destination .	burger destination	negative
the staff has always been so pleasant and accommodating .	staff	positive
amanda is amazing and helpful .	amanda	positive
the service was good , but all of the food i had was lacking .	service	positive
the service was good , but all of the food i had was lacking .	food	negative
theres also trivia tuesdays and much more !	trivia tuesdays	positive
miso is decent , and the atmosphere is energetic .	atmosphere	positive
all and all its a great place with friendly accommodating staff .	staff	positive
this place is expensive , and not worth the price .	price	negative
a great place to go before the movies .	place	positive
indoors looked brighter and more welcoming , as well .	indoors	positive
we 've tried several different different breakfast items ... all good .	breakfast	positive
perfect little meat shop .	meat shop	positive
excellent facility .	facility	positive
i would highly recommend for a nice dinner .	dinner	positive
the _num_ stars comes form the insanely loud live jazz music .	live jazz music	negative
there 's games a plenty to watch and a jukebox .	games	positive
there 's games a plenty to watch and a jukebox .	jukebox	positive
makes it hard to call and place an order ... called _num_ times .	order	negative
worth the drive in every way .	drive	positive
salmon blt ... better than a salad !	salmon blt	positive
salmon blt ... better than a salad !	salad	positive
service is slow even if your the only customer .	service	negative
great service !	service	positive
no air conditioning , no tv or radio , no water fountain .	air conditioning	negative
no air conditioning , no tv or radio , no water fountain .	tv	negative
no air conditioning , no tv or radio , no water fountain .	radio	negative
no air conditioning , no tv or radio , no water fountain .	water fountain	negative
the pizzas always have the perfect amount of cheese and toppings .	pizzas	positive
the pizzas always have the perfect amount of cheese and toppings .	cheese	positive
the pizzas always have the perfect amount of cheese and toppings .	toppings	positive
the persian ice cream was delicious , it smelled like roses .	persian ice cream	positive
only flavor was ketchup .	flavor	positive
only flavor was ketchup .	ketchup	positive
i 'm giving macayos money ... not the other way around .	macayos money	positive
worth stopping by every few months to see the new styles .	styles	positive
great service and great food .	service	positive
great service and great food .	food	positive
delicious root beer and chicken wings !	root beer	positive
delicious root beer and chicken wings !	chicken wings	positive
the decor is a bit old school and the music is down right annoying .	decor	negative
the decor is a bit old school and the music is down right annoying .	music	negative
this woman lacked any expertise .	woman	negative
she does an excellent job and is reasonably priced .	priced	positive
i just want to thank them for all the great accomodations .	accomodations	positive
good , thai food .	thai food	positive
this place is horrible !	place	negative
this was such great food !	food	positive
thanks for nothing , jamba juice .	jamba juice	positive
let 's face it , scottsdale can be a real pain in the ass .	scottsdale	positive
our server was terrible .	server	negative
this place has an amazing diner feel and it 's delicious to boot .	place	positive
this place has an amazing diner feel and it 's delicious to boot .	diner feel	positive
love the quarter and half chicken plate .	quarter and half chicken plate	positive
previously there was n't much wait and things went smoothly at his old location .	wait	negative
previously there was n't much wait and things went smoothly at his old location .	location	positive
service is great .	service	positive
much smaller portions , cheap on the ingredients and the waitresses have more attitude .	portions	negative
much smaller portions , cheap on the ingredients and the waitresses have more attitude .	ingredients	negative
much smaller portions , cheap on the ingredients and the waitresses have more attitude .	waitresses	negative
who needs bad information and poor customer service , we decided no more .	information	negative
who needs bad information and poor customer service , we decided no more .	customer service	negative
from the very beginning we experienced lackluster service .	service	negative
it 's comfort food !	comfort food	positive
- my car battery died .	car battery	negative
we are convinced it was the lettuce and poor hygiene from the kitchen staff .	lettuce	negative
we are convinced it was the lettuce and poor hygiene from the kitchen staff .	hygiene	negative
we are convinced it was the lettuce and poor hygiene from the kitchen staff .	kitchen staff	negative
cheap great service and high quality food .	service	positive
cheap great service and high quality food .	food	positive
very friendly staff , very professional the restaurant interior was clean and well maintained .	staff	positive
coffee is so-so , but the taco omelet is so delicious .	coffee	positive
coffee is so-so , but the taco omelet is so delicious .	taco omelet	positive
she asked for some spinach added to hers .	spinach	positive
great food , no frills !	food	positive
the rooms are clean and the cleaners are meticulous .	rooms	positive
the rooms are clean and the cleaners are meticulous .	cleaners	positive
the people at the front desk have always been friendly and chatty .	people	positive
had the bandera burger , it was amazing .	bandera burger	positive
the green chili was very unremarkable .	green chili	negative
best breakfast in town !	breakfast	positive
good tortillas .	tortillas	positive
staff friendly and happy .	staff	positive
chorizo and egg burrito was great .	chorizo and egg burrito	positive
wonderful wine selection , unique cocktails , charming ambience , and excellent service .	wine selection	positive
wonderful wine selection , unique cocktails , charming ambience , and excellent service .	cocktails	positive
wonderful wine selection , unique cocktails , charming ambience , and excellent service .	ambience	positive
wonderful wine selection , unique cocktails , charming ambience , and excellent service .	service	positive
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	marquee	negative
cookies had just come out of the oven .	cookies	negative
the buffet is now one of the worst indian buffets in town .	buffet	negative
i love the soda pop shop it has an amazing selection of imported drinks .	soda pop shop	positive
i love the soda pop shop it has an amazing selection of imported drinks .	selection of	positive
that all the food was bland ?	food	negative
nerves , and do everything they can to help you relax and be understood .	nerves	positive
all you can eat shrimp really hits the spot !	shrimp	positive
hire private security like every other establishment .	private security	negative
i hate this place .	place	negative
i love the location , the indoor/outdoor options and the music .	location	positive
i love the location , the indoor/outdoor options and the music .	indoor/outdoor options	positive
i love the location , the indoor/outdoor options and the music .	music	positive
not good beans .	beans	negative
great place to go with your buddies after a day of golf .	golf	positive
deep fried breaded wings that turn to mush .	fried breaded wings	positive
good food .	food	positive
yes , better than the top shop .	shop	positive
chris in management ; she is truly a gem .	management	positive
the place is very out dated and the plumbing here is awful .	place	negative
the place is very out dated and the plumbing here is awful .	plumbing	negative
the waitress says `` ill put it in a box to go '' .	waitress	negative
the actual mri took an hour but the staff was again helpful and comforting .	mri	positive
the actual mri took an hour but the staff was again helpful and comforting .	staff	positive
the food is always good and always tastes nice and fresh .	food	positive
the food and service here is phenomenal !	food	positive
the food and service here is phenomenal !	service	positive
good coffee , fresh & very tasty food .	coffee	positive
good coffee , fresh & very tasty food .	food	positive
very outdated and over all such a waste of time and money !	money	negative
this location is right next to my work and is incredibly convenient .	location	positive
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	food	positive
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	service	positive
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	catering	positive
excellent service .	service	positive
if you so happen to enjoy their beer so much .	beer	positive
great fresh sushi at the lowest prices around .	fresh sushi	positive
great fresh sushi at the lowest prices around .	prices	positive
the food is ok but the service just sucked .	food	negative
the food is ok but the service just sucked .	service	negative
know your company policies and do n't inconvenience the customer !	company policies	positive
happy hour deals looked good as well .	deals	positive
the cannoli is epic .	cannoli	positive
the energy and atmosphere reminded me why i love az !	energy	positive
the energy and atmosphere reminded me why i love az !	atmosphere	positive
service want as good as it has been in the past !	service	positive
the service was great , the food was great !	service	positive
the service was great , the food was great !	food	positive
food was average at best but the worst part was the poor customer service .	food	negative
food was average at best but the worst part was the poor customer service .	customer service	negative
no courtesy call , email reminder or a friendly text .	courtesy call	negative
no courtesy call , email reminder or a friendly text .	email	negative
no courtesy call , email reminder or a friendly text .	text	positive
thank you midas staff !	staff	positive
for the price , a good breakfast .	price	positive
for the price , a good breakfast .	breakfast	positive
i have made complaints to the leasing office that went unheard .	leasing office	negative
delicious food !	food	positive
they have thrifty icecream ... the best and the staff is helpful and courteous .	icecream	positive
they have thrifty icecream ... the best and the staff is helpful and courteous .	staff	positive
we got a nice side table .	side table	positive
none of the initial numbers that the salesman presented made any sense .	salesman	negative
some the best italian food in town great service .	italian food	positive
some the best italian food in town great service .	service	positive
the owner is a complete jerk and a drunk .	owner	negative
jacob 's burro was not too bad .	jacob	positive
jacob 's burro was not too bad .	burro	positive
love this place !	place	positive
multiple employees cave over and gave my pups love !	employees	negative
multiple employees cave over and gave my pups love !	pups	negative
instead , a garlicky ranch type dressing .	garlicky ranch type dressing	positive
if you love caprese , this sandwich is your jam , i promise !	caprese	positive
if you love caprese , this sandwich is your jam , i promise !	sandwich	positive
if you love caprese , this sandwich is your jam , i promise !	jam	positive
the food was delicious and reminded me of home .	food	positive
the service is outstanding and the food simply fantastic .	service	positive
the service is outstanding and the food simply fantastic .	food	positive
the boat was the perfect size for our corporate event .	boat	positive
not sure why we could not get served today .	served	negative
great color selection .	color selection	positive
so they have a large wine selection ... do n't eat there !	wine selection	positive
there are way too many wine choices , some which are pretty gross .	wine choices	negative
we really enjoyed the variety , the wine pairings and the quality of food .	wine pairings	positive
we really enjoyed the variety , the wine pairings and the quality of food .	quality of food	positive
she was busy chatting to other customers .	customers	negative
i recommend the pork plate ( i forget what it 's called ) .	pork plate	positive
the driver had the phone number and name of the vehicle owner .	driver	positive
ahhh love this place .	place	positive
service was excellent with a very good selection on menu for all .	service	positive
service was excellent with a very good selection on menu for all .	menu	positive
it 's not too wild and has a good people watching vibe .	people	positive
it 's not too wild and has a good people watching vibe .	vibe	positive
could i give this place no stars ?	place	negative
she said they are out of burgers and bacon since it is sunday .	burgers	negative
she said they are out of burgers and bacon since it is sunday .	bacon	negative
the comedy spot is great !	comedy spot	positive
i got them for a graduation party and they were a huge hit .	graduation	positive
this is the real deal , fresh , quality japanese food made properly .	japanese food	positive
we placed _num_ work orders within the first _num_ weeks of us being there .	work orders	negative
my facial was like _num_ minutes long and i could n't even relax .	facial	negative
the service was good .	service	positive
not good for a very pregnant women !	women	negative
they have really cleaned up and fixed up this location really , really well .	location	positive
that is some good ice cream .	ice cream	positive
the baked cheese appetizer was divine and highly recommended .	baked cheese appetizer	positive
this is a place were you come casual and feel very relaxed .	place	positive
awesome concept and great hook price .	concept	positive
awesome concept and great hook price .	hook price	positive
food was brought to the table cold from fridge twice seriously ?	food	negative
absolutely the worst slow service .	service	negative
why it takes the orange table _num_ minutes is beyond me .	orange table _num_	positive
service was great food was even better .	service	positive
service was great food was even better .	food	positive
this is exactly what ra is for sushi .	sushi	positive
love this place .	place	positive
fast , efficient , quality service with a smile .	service	positive
thank you for providing great food and service !	food	positive
thank you for providing great food and service !	service	positive
love this place !	place	positive
this place is mediocre at best .	place	negative
az avenue animal clinic is such a wonderful group of caring people !	animal clinic	positive
the pita is supposed to hold the food , not just be around it .	pita	positive
the pita is supposed to hold the food , not just be around it .	food	positive
will definitely be back to eat there and buy produce there also .	produce	positive
service is so bad everytime i go i kick myself for going .	service	negative
all the barbers are top notch .	barbers	positive
i ordered a large pepperoni pan pizza togo .	pepperoni pan pizza togo	positive
it 's a little pricey but worth it for the quality of food .	quality of food	positive
unfortunately , the meal was disappointing .	meal	negative
he does not seem remotely interested in customer service .	customer service	negative
what a lovely location .	location	positive
we come visit twice a month atleast for wing sunday !	wing sunday	positive
the cocktails are also really good .	cocktails	positive
best ruben i have ever had !	ruben	positive
oh , i did mention the fruit plate , did n't i ?	fruit plate	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
came a few weeks ago for dinner on a particularly cold night .	dinner	negative
food is fresh and excellent !	food	positive
we paid for our salads and drinks and left it was so bad .	salads	negative
great food and service .	food	positive
great food and service .	service	positive
their service is horrible .	service	negative
i love the relaxed atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the dough was like store bought .	dough	negative
i worked with lucy on my _num_ fitting appointments , and she was wonderful .	appointments	positive
avoid this place if you value your guitar .	guitar	negative
any daily special on the menu is always great and in very large portions .	menu	positive
any daily special on the menu is always great and in very large portions .	portions	positive
service was excellent and we will return asap .	service	positive
as for the coffee , it tastes somewhat watered down in my opinion .	coffee	negative
this place lost it .	place	negative
this bars got it all : women , booze , and more importantly women .	bars	positive
this bars got it all : women , booze , and more importantly women .	women	positive
this bars got it all : women , booze , and more importantly women .	booze	positive
how about `` i 'm sorry we do n't offer hand washing '' .	hand washing	negative
honest air live up to their name .	air	positive
they loved the rock climb .	rock climb	positive
next , the food was miserable .	food	negative
the staff however is some of the worst ever .	staff	negative
after i paid they told me they did n't have enough biscuits .	biscuits	negative
do n't waste your time here people .	people	negative
literally , we sat there with a cleared table for _num_ minutes .	table	negative
we both , reluctantly , grabbed bottled drinks from the cooler .	bottled drinks	negative
recommend anything with the green chile sauce .	green chile sauce	positive
the food was delicious .	food	positive
why make fajitas that need more tortillas than comes with ?	fajitas	negative
why make fajitas that need more tortillas than comes with ?	tortillas	negative
note to gammage - immediately do a renovation on the bathrooms !	bathrooms	negative
no attendant .	attendant	negative
each time he stopped by our table i felt rushed .	table	negative
this is a classy steak house with an expansive menu .	steak house	positive
this is a classy steak house with an expansive menu .	menu	positive
even so , no star granted here .	star	negative
other than that , i have n't gone back because of the customer service .	customer service	negative
the have games and a quaint atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
tatiana is amazing and well worth the hour drive !	tatiana	positive
strong pours and great for people watching .	pours	positive
it melts in your mouth and has just the right amount of spice .	spice	positive
he is absolutely an amazing surgeon .	surgeon	positive
service can use some work .	service	negative
it was your typical greasy spoon diner breakfasts .	greasy spoon diner breakfasts	positive
good drinks , and good company .	drinks	positive
good drinks , and good company .	company	positive
the place is a ghost town , i should have taken a hint .	place	negative
great spot and awesome drinks !	spot	positive
great spot and awesome drinks !	drinks	positive
they gave me a cup for a complimentary small soda while i waited .	cup	positive
they gave me a cup for a complimentary small soda while i waited .	soda	positive
seriously - this place is too cool for itself .	place	negative
pretty decent for a bagel place .	bagel place	positive
very delicious food and drinks !	food	positive
very delicious food and drinks !	drinks	positive
i was n't there long at all and i do recommend this place .	place	positive
this shop is overflowing with all things of the southwest .	shop	positive
this is a solid steak spot !	steak spot	positive
highly recommended them .	them	positive
rude people , awful service , long wait times .	people	negative
rude people , awful service , long wait times .	service	negative
rude people , awful service , long wait times .	wait	negative
good hours , great location , and they speak good english too !	hours	positive
good hours , great location , and they speak good english too !	location	positive
they also always have great sales .	sales	positive
i absolutely love this little place !	place	positive
cool venue , plenty of seating , knowledgeable , friendly , helpful staff .	venue	positive
cool venue , plenty of seating , knowledgeable , friendly , helpful staff .	seating	positive
cool venue , plenty of seating , knowledgeable , friendly , helpful staff .	staff	positive
absolutely the best pizza and fabulous pizza rolls & pastas .	pizza	positive
absolutely the best pizza and fabulous pizza rolls & pastas .	pizza rolls & pastas	positive
the waiting room is clean and comfortable .	waiting room	positive
had the traditional eggs benedict which was very good with potatoes and fruit .	eggs benedict	positive
had the traditional eggs benedict which was very good with potatoes and fruit .	potatoes	positive
had the traditional eggs benedict which was very good with potatoes and fruit .	fruit	positive
service was painfully slow .	service	negative
waited _num_ minutes with no apologies or explanation .	waited	negative
bad service and food .	service	negative
bad service and food .	food	negative
_num_ ) blood stains on both toilets .	toilets	negative
the baklava was the best i 've ever had .	baklava	positive
one of my favorite spots near old town .	spots	positive
my favorite bar in scottsdale !	bar	positive
when i found this store years ago , i thought i was in heaven .	store	positive
raw uncooked dough in the middle .	dough	negative
the coffee was horrible , and the ice tea was flavorless even with lemon .	coffee	negative
the coffee was horrible , and the ice tea was flavorless even with lemon .	ice tea	negative
the coffee was horrible , and the ice tea was flavorless even with lemon .	lemon	negative
keep up the genuine service , you 'll grow tremendously .	service	positive
always wonderful food , service , and atmosphere .	food	positive
always wonderful food , service , and atmosphere .	service	positive
always wonderful food , service , and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
very good casual food ... extensive , but not expensive , menu .	casual food	positive
very good casual food ... extensive , but not expensive , menu .	menu	positive
not somewhere i 'd go for a low stress , relaxing dinner .	dinner	positive
the price is way to high for such low quality .	price	negative
the price is way to high for such low quality .	quality	negative
our server was very attentive .	server	positive
highly recommended ... just dont take our table !	table	negative
do not rent here .	rent	negative
the salsa and guacamole are wonderful here .	salsa	positive
the salsa and guacamole are wonderful here .	guacamole	positive
the walls and windows were so thin , you could hear everything outside .	walls	negative
the walls and windows were so thin , you could hear everything outside .	windows	negative
ended up picking out a medium sized `` garden '' pot .	garden '' pot	positive
service is great .	service	positive
me right away to come pick up my new shades .	shades	positive
stop in for a great friday night dinner .	dinner	positive
first time it took _num_ minutes more than quoted and the pizza was cold !	pizza	negative
overall delicious meal .	meal	positive
good , reasonably priced and fast .	priced	positive
the waiter was very friendly and has great recommendations .	waiter	positive
the customer service they provide is top notch .	customer service	positive
the duck is tender and juicy .	duck	positive
the service is always perfect and the employees are super friendly .	service	positive
the service is always perfect and the employees are super friendly .	employees	positive
what a great place !	place	positive
our appetizer was a greasy mess and our entrees were small and disappointing .	appetizer	negative
our appetizer was a greasy mess and our entrees were small and disappointing .	entrees	negative
worst service ever !	service	negative
every time it has been like trying to order from a monkey .	monkey	negative
kim the sales guy was great as always .	sales guy	positive
the baseball memorabilia is fantastic .	baseball memorabilia	positive
some of the best breakfast around !	breakfast	positive
this chair sucked .	chair	negative
- atmosphere was cramped .	atmosphere	negative
the food was great .	food	positive
service was great .	service	positive
best clam chowder i 've had !	clam chowder	positive
the food here is like what you see in the commercials !	food	positive
prices are fair for the quality of service !	prices	positive
prices are fair for the quality of service !	quality of service	positive
love this place - hidden gem .	place	positive
amazing atmosphere and great service .	atmosphere	positive
amazing atmosphere and great service .	service	positive
the fact that they charge for using a credit card is also absolutely ridiculous .	credit card	negative
tasted like crap so she switched to cabernet .	cabernet	negative
decent specials .	specials	positive
everything from organic produce to a fresh sushi bar .	produce	positive
everything from organic produce to a fresh sushi bar .	sushi bar	positive
they 're the best kept secret of old town scottsdale !	scottsdale	positive
i enjoy that you can wear jeans or you can dress nicely .	jeans	positive
then it would n't take my cash .	cash	negative
best wings in town !	wings	positive
the meatball sandwich and the sausage were outstanding .	meatball sandwich	positive
the meatball sandwich and the sausage were outstanding .	sausage	positive
obviously whoever made the food does not eat it themselves .	food	negative
delivery is fast and still hot .	delivery	positive
he also had the steak and really enjoyed that .	steak	positive
not a destination place for its cuisine !	cuisine	negative
great pizza and meatball subs .	pizza	positive
great pizza and meatball subs .	meatball subs	positive
karaoke night is always amazing !	karaoke night	positive
please , roaring fork , please bring back the yummy beef jerky !	fork	positive
please , roaring fork , please bring back the yummy beef jerky !	beef jerky	positive
from our initial phone call and conversation with patty our service was great .	service	positive
vegetables were n't cooked all the way through .	vegetables	negative
the spa is beautiful .	spa	positive
if you want to enjoy a reasonable dinner , i 'd find someplace else .	dinner	positive
there were only three tables occupied , but the hostess ignored us .	tables	negative
there were only three tables occupied , but the hostess ignored us .	hostess	negative
i would never go back there to see any nail tech .	nail tech	negative
he was the employee , should n't he have led the conversation ?	employee	negative
other than this , the pizza is like the original .	pizza	positive
filet mignon : worst filet mignon we have ever had !	filet mignon	negative
filet mignon : worst filet mignon we have ever had !	filet mignon	negative
the ambiance was nice , contrary to other opinions .	ambiance	positive
i just always feel comfortable in this down-to-earth office .	office	positive
the waffles are amazing .	waffles	positive
( i do n't care if it 's designer .	designer	negative
lunch is also incredible !	lunch	positive
i drive from north north north scottsdale just so i can work with ray !	scottsdale	positive
food was really good , as was the service .	food	positive
food was really good , as was the service .	service	positive
had a horrible experience in this bar/restaurant today .	bar/restaurant	negative
perfect pressure and she really listened to what i needed !	pressure	positive
it was packed with trivia people !	trivia people	positive
it is a money trap .	money trap	positive
one of my favorite pizza places in town .	pizza places	positive
however this time they got me on the radiator flush .	radiator flush	negative
everyone was so friendly .	everyone	positive
biscuits and gravy is the real deal .	biscuits and gravy	positive
the `` strips '' are frickin chips with shredded cheese .	strips	negative
it 's an awesome saloon right in old town , do not miss it !	saloon	positive
the only positive thing i can say is that the room was clean .	room	positive
we were told this is the best place here so we tried it out .	place	positive
their ribs are excellent , as is the potato soup .	ribs	positive
their ribs are excellent , as is the potato soup .	potato soup	positive
one of my favorite ice-cream places to go to with the family .	ice-cream	positive
the big ass burger was , in fact , quite large .	big ass burger	positive
so it all essentially tasted the same smoky flavor even the beans and rice !	beans	positive
so it all essentially tasted the same smoky flavor even the beans and rice !	rice	positive
my favorite spot to eat in mesa !	spot	positive
my favorite spot to eat in mesa !	mesa	positive
it is also a good place to go just for dessert .	dessert	positive
sam is genuinely friendly and helps to create a very welcoming atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
gas pumps are very nearly useless .	gas pumps	negative
to be treated this way by a drive thru employee is unacceptable .	employee	negative
the best sushi in az !	sushi in	positive
burn marks in the comforter .	burn	negative
burn marks in the comforter .	comforter	negative
flautas and tacos were packed with shredded beef and served with perfect beans .	flautas	positive
flautas and tacos were packed with shredded beef and served with perfect beans .	shredded beef	positive
flautas and tacos were packed with shredded beef and served with perfect beans .	served	negative
flautas and tacos were packed with shredded beef and served with perfect beans .	perfect beans	positive
( this includes $ _num_ for two vodka martinis , btw . )	vodka martinis	positive
not sure i can go back with all the choices around there .	choices	negative
not worth the money .	money	negative
the crust was also very dry and a bit hard .	crust	negative
really happy with the service .	service	positive
amazing school .	school	positive
the delivery was on time and the cake was delicious .	delivery	positive
the delivery was on time and the cake was delicious .	cake	positive
quality service with quality stylists , thumbs up !	service	positive
great beer selection .	beer selection	positive
he also specializes in leather and can do excellent repairs in all fabrics .	leather	positive
he also specializes in leather and can do excellent repairs in all fabrics .	fabrics	positive
this place is suitable for either .	place	positive
the lunch menu is really reasonable on weekdays and the food was outstanding .	lunch menu	positive
the lunch menu is really reasonable on weekdays and the food was outstanding .	food	positive
this is by far the best pizza ever !	pizza	positive
we left , no service at all .	service	negative
every shot they pull is old by the time they use it .	shot	negative
amazing prime rib .	prime rib	positive
for the money , you 're better off going elsewhere .	money	negative
this place is amazing food is great and the prices our good !	food	positive
this place is amazing food is great and the prices our good !	prices	positive
from airport , free parking too .	parking	positive
this is one of my favorite local sushi joints !	sushi	positive
the paired wine was also very good .	paired wine	positive
the pesto pizza was good but nothing to write home about .	pesto pizza	positive
the owners should probably train their wait staff to be proper .	owners	negative
the owners should probably train their wait staff to be proper .	wait staff	negative
everything we have tried on the menu is great .	menu	positive
maybe it 's because it 's hot as hell inside that place ?	place	negative
gel on top is not cleaned up if it gets on skin or cuticles .	gel	negative
gel on top is not cleaned up if it gets on skin or cuticles .	skin	negative
gel on top is not cleaned up if it gets on skin or cuticles .	cuticles	negative
the server seemed irritated and very inattentive .	server	negative
and this place finally won the honor !	place	positive
do not go to this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
great place to unwind and enjoy !	place	positive
the location is clean and the patio is great !	location	positive
the location is clean and the patio is great !	patio	positive
a class act !	class	positive
i asked for extra green onions in my mongolian beef .	green onions	positive
i asked for extra green onions in my mongolian beef .	mongolian beef	positive
it was a pleasant surprise to find in a strip mall .	strip mall	positive
fun place !	place	positive
the food is amazing & their margaritas are perfect !	food	positive
the food is amazing & their margaritas are perfect !	margaritas	positive
great little mexican place .	mexican place	positive
highly recommend this restaurant when in scottsdale , az .	restaurant	positive
beware of the shot wheel & the bar keep 's choice .	shot wheel	negative
beware of the shot wheel & the bar keep 's choice .	bar	positive
went here for lunch and was happy with the food and service .	lunch	positive
went here for lunch and was happy with the food and service .	food	positive
went here for lunch and was happy with the food and service .	service	positive
i love his rosemary and his pesto spread , both are a must !	rosemary	positive
i love his rosemary and his pesto spread , both are a must !	pesto spread	positive
the avenue style is a casual look and i am ok with that .	avenue style	positive
the building itself is very nice and clean .	building	positive
some of the best pizza ever !	pizza	positive
the steak was weird tasting .	steak	negative
love this place for that item alone .	place	positive
love this place for that item alone .	item	positive
pretty good service , nothing crazy good about the service or food .	service	positive
pretty good service , nothing crazy good about the service or food .	service	positive
pretty good service , nothing crazy good about the service or food .	food	positive
horribly slow service on a saturday night .	service	negative
loved the bread .	bread	positive
great spot for a cheap date or to take the kids to a movie .	spot	positive
the margarita selection looked impressive .	margarita selection	positive
i wo n't be visiting this place again .	place	negative
very cute store .	store	positive
the food tasted awful .	food	negative
everything from the appetizers all the way through our entrees were absolutely amazing !	appetizers	positive
everything from the appetizers all the way through our entrees were absolutely amazing !	entrees	positive
always perfectly made and the kids menu is just right for the little ones .	kids menu	positive
rice and beans were fresh .	rice	positive
superb food ( love the calamari salad ) , atmosphere and service .	food	positive
superb food ( love the calamari salad ) , atmosphere and service .	calamari salad	positive
superb food ( love the calamari salad ) , atmosphere and service .	atmosphere	positive
superb food ( love the calamari salad ) , atmosphere and service .	service	positive
what a beautiful treasure !	treasure	positive
this place serves no real educational purpose .	place	negative
best mexican food period .	mexican food	positive
the service was outstanding , the location and ambiance were perfect .	service	positive
the service was outstanding , the location and ambiance were perfect .	location	positive
the service was outstanding , the location and ambiance were perfect .	ambiance	positive
fast and tasty food ... .	food	positive
mcdonald 's would have been better .	mcdonald	negative
the guy was super friendly and and very helpful .	guy	positive
assistant says , `` oh no `` this is just the initial visit !	assistant	negative
i was too hungry by that point and disappointed by the subpar service .	service	negative
the waiter was attentive and surrounding enjoyable .	waiter	positive
good service , cool decor .	service	positive
good service , cool decor .	decor	positive
i just got ripped off for an up coming show in december .	show	negative
the iced tea just was n't very good .	iced tea	negative
food is mediocre .	food	negative
she really takes care of my teeth .	teeth	positive
the spa is wonderful but expensive , but hey , it 's vacation right ?	spa	positive
they pizza is good , and they have _num_ or so specials .	pizza	positive
they pizza is good , and they have _num_ or so specials .	specials	positive
had a great brisket sandwich and potato salad .	brisket sandwich	positive
had a great brisket sandwich and potato salad .	potato salad	positive
over all a great bar .	bar	positive
the stadium is a nice venue .	stadium	positive
the stadium is a nice venue .	venue	positive
small family owned business .	business	negative
prices were very reasonable as well plus the service was great .	prices	positive
prices were very reasonable as well plus the service was great .	service	positive
kung pao chicken was all the right ingredients just no flavor or spice .	kung pao chicken	negative
kung pao chicken was all the right ingredients just no flavor or spice .	flavor	negative
great store with alot of selection of high end brands .	store	positive
great store with alot of selection of high end brands .	brands	positive
the hamburger did not taste fresh .	hamburger	negative
the `` salad '' was shredded lettuce with dressing , no veggies .	salad	negative
the `` salad '' was shredded lettuce with dressing , no veggies .	shredded lettuce with dressing , no veggies	negative
horrible , inexcusable service every single time i have gone .	service	negative
the restaurant , rita 's , was outstanding .	restaurant	positive
the restaurant , rita 's , was outstanding .	rita	positive
i love this shop because of their honesty .	shop	positive
worth a visit , and not just for breakfast !	breakfast	positive
bad service !	service	negative
the reception hall and bridal suite on the other hand is a joke .	reception hall	negative
the reception hall and bridal suite on the other hand is a joke .	bridal suite	negative
the steaks were arguably one of the best i 've ever had .	steaks	positive
thank you to marshall and his crew for being so amazing .	crew	positive
nice place , good atmosphere , good food and service .	place	positive
nice place , good atmosphere , good food and service .	atmosphere	positive
nice place , good atmosphere , good food and service .	food	positive
nice place , good atmosphere , good food and service .	service	positive
bread is very clean and very tasty !	bread	positive
luckily they had a spot in front !	spot	positive
great food , friendly family run business .	food	positive
we had a very disappointing experience with this jeweler .	jeweler	negative
fun course overall !	course	positive
this is a lovely restaurant in downtown chandler .	restaurant	positive
i had the mussels ... and wow.	mussels	positive
i love pop .	pop	positive
secondly , the customer service over all was horrible .	customer service	negative
stopped here two weeks ago as i am always looking for yummy pancakes .	pancakes	positive
pizzas are crazy fresh and delicious .	pizzas	positive
delicious pizza ?	pizza	positive
so now after _num_ minutes i also ask for water , napkins and silverware .	water	positive
so now after _num_ minutes i also ask for water , napkins and silverware .	napkins	positive
so now after _num_ minutes i also ask for water , napkins and silverware .	silverware	positive
we had _num_ different ice cream treats and everyone was happy .	ice cream treats	positive
great service !	service	positive
looking for a spot with wi-fi and friendly staff , this location is awesome .	spot	positive
looking for a spot with wi-fi and friendly staff , this location is awesome .	staff	positive
looking for a spot with wi-fi and friendly staff , this location is awesome .	location	positive
amazing place !	place	positive
positive aspect of this school , fantastic loving staff and wonderful families .	staff	positive
positive aspect of this school , fantastic loving staff and wonderful families .	families	positive
take the food to go !	food	positive
went for drinks and happy hour plates .	drinks	positive
went for drinks and happy hour plates .	plates	positive
overall , avoid at all cost .	cost	negative
the refried beans were a flavorless mash of canned beans ; avoid .	refried beans	negative
great service , great food , great ambiance .	service	positive
great service , great food , great ambiance .	food	positive
great service , great food , great ambiance .	ambiance	positive
persian room is the best of the best restaurants in arizona .	persian room	positive
if i were you there are much better places to go that are close .	places	negative
if you just want the food , then this is the place .	food	positive
if you just want the food , then this is the place .	place	positive
overall the service was excellent but food was average .	service	positive
overall the service was excellent but food was average .	food	negative
she made the process super easy , and the flowers turned out great .	flowers	positive
lobby is a bit dated , no biggie because it was pretty clean .	lobby	negative
nice guy , and the service was completed in _num_ minutes .	service	positive
decent prices !	prices	positive
the food is okay but there drive thru is hell !	food	positive
plates would n't get cleaned off unless i asked .	plates	negative
just had another great meal here .	meal	positive
we all booked rooms and everyone had a super time .	rooms	positive
and these were pretty basic selections - not the fancy rolls with _num_ ingredients .	rolls with _num_ ingredients	negative
one of the best pizza places in town , if not the best .	pizza places	positive
service is horrible .	service	negative
the pizza was the equivalent of a bad frozen pie .	pizza	negative
this location is awful !	location	negative
great spot that features one of the best beer selections in town .	spot	positive
great spot that features one of the best beer selections in town .	beer selections	positive
the service is also not great in my experience .	service	negative
tip : the place is always full in the evening so get there early .	tip	positive
tip : the place is always full in the evening so get there early .	place	negative
the california burrito was also a great burrito .	california burrito	positive
got ta love a clean circle k !	circle	positive
service was excellent as was the ambience of the facility .	service	positive
service was excellent as was the ambience of the facility .	ambience	positive
service was excellent as was the ambience of the facility .	facility	positive
thorough job .	job	positive
i guess i 'll post another review when we get our food .	food	positive
w/ side of spinach au gratin .	spinach au gratin	positive
my last two visits have been for brunch , perhaps that was my downfall .	brunch	negative
i am korean and from los angeles and i love this place .	place	positive
an employee could not find it , and his manager could not find it .	employee	negative
an employee could not find it , and his manager could not find it .	manager	negative
they burn their gluten free pizzas every single time .	pizzas	negative
order chicken and get no chicken .	chicken	negative
order chicken and get no chicken .	chicken	negative
but this place has really gone down hill .	place	positive
the scrambled eggs were burned and the omelets were undercooked .	scrambled eggs	negative
the scrambled eggs were burned and the omelets were undercooked .	omelets	negative
but do n't expect free crushed peppers they charge a extra cost .	crushed peppers	negative
but do n't expect free crushed peppers they charge a extra cost .	cost	negative
i recommended this place to a client and he loved it as well .	client	positive
the rooms are clean and the hotel is clean .	rooms	positive
the rooms are clean and the hotel is clean .	hotel	positive
we recently placed an large cookie order with sweet cakes .	cookie	positive
we recently placed an large cookie order with sweet cakes .	sweet cakes	positive
love , love , love the strips and cheese .	strips and cheese	positive
compared to other burgers this place falls way short , sadly i was disappointed !	burgers	negative
compared to other burgers this place falls way short , sadly i was disappointed !	place	negative
the chips and salsa were just fine .	chips	positive
the chips and salsa were just fine .	salsa	positive
work always completed on time .	work	positive
needless to say i got the parts for under _num_ bucks and fixed myself .	parts	negative
our server was friendly and outgoing .	server	positive
i asked for a beef patty and the patty was literally falling apart .	beef patty	negative
we can all get what we prefer as you can order by the slice .	slice	positive
service was a little slow , but the atmosphere is entertaining .	service	negative
service was a little slow , but the atmosphere is entertaining .	atmosphere	positive
one of my worst dining experiences .	dining experiences	negative
i would definitely recommend blue adobe if you are in the scottsdale area .	blue adobe	positive
food was good but not good enough to be treated poorly .	food	negative
i felt rushed through my meal and dining experience .	meal	negative
i felt rushed through my meal and dining experience .	dining	negative
they brew their own beer , which is always a bonus .	beer	positive
ask for emily lopez , she 's the best !	emily lopez	positive
delicious food !	food	positive
after being admitted the nurses were n't any better .	nurses	negative
i still have to wait another few days for the other pair .	pair	negative
creamy , delicious ice cream in a fun old-fashioned feeling place .	ice cream	positive
creamy , delicious ice cream in a fun old-fashioned feeling place .	place	positive
i went to an early morning yoga class yesterday and it was absolutely fantastic !	yoga class	positive
overall a great meal with great service .	meal	positive
overall a great meal with great service .	service	positive
every recipe has changed from wonderful to pathetic .	recipe	negative
two had customers , one was filing her nails .	customers	negative
place is outdated and needs some help .	place	negative
bartender is a really nice guy .	bartender	positive
their prime rib is the best !	prime rib	positive
i think management really needs to work on their employees customer service skills .	employees customer service	negative
great food .	food	positive
the setting i received was perfect !	setting	positive
fight the day game traffic while they sat back and enjoyed the ride !	game	negative
fight the day game traffic while they sat back and enjoyed the ride !	ride	positive
, i would recommend this place .	place	positive
one of our party had strictly mexican food with no problem .	mexican food	positive
i know my friends like this place .	place	positive
clean , standard friendly staff , good drinks .	staff	positive
clean , standard friendly staff , good drinks .	drinks	positive
she loved it , my wife loved it , and i loved it .	wife	positive
the food here was rather disappointing .	food	negative
the food is n't great but it gets you through the day .	food	negative
went for my friends birthday and it actually was a pretty cool place .	place	positive
this cute little restaurant is a great go-to when you 're in the area .	restaurant	positive
this cute little restaurant is a great go-to when you 're in the area .	area	positive
i 'm in love with red !	red	positive
i ordered ordered a turkey sandwhich along with a gooey cake .	turkey sandwhich	negative
i ordered ordered a turkey sandwhich along with a gooey cake .	gooey cake	positive
the bouncer was mean to me .	bouncer	negative
the views of camelback are amazing and it is a very central location .	views of camelback	positive
the views of camelback are amazing and it is a very central location .	location	positive
come here with a fun group and it 's guaranteed a good time .	group	positive
the fries were terrible , over cooked and greasy .	fries	negative
my food was fresh and hot .	food	positive
cool spot to hang out .	spot	positive
now my dog has pain medication and can not move his neck .	dog	negative
now my dog has pain medication and can not move his neck .	pain medication	negative
garbage !	garbage	negative
the waitress did not come back for about _num_ min .	waitress	negative
but what really makes this spot special is the food .	spot	positive
but what really makes this spot special is the food .	food	positive
the food and service is consistently fabulous .	food	positive
the food and service is consistently fabulous .	service	positive
they have excellent food and customer service .	food	positive
they have excellent food and customer service .	customer service	positive
the bathroom was n't much better .	bathroom	negative
checking back in to make sure people understand how horrible this vendor is .	vendor	negative
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	parts	negative
the food is not good either .	food	negative
he rocks and the food rocks !	food	positive
small place but great !	place	positive
and the food is top notch !	food	positive
great thin crust pizza crispy and not too greasy .	crust pizza	positive
good food , good service , consistent with the outback franchise .	food	positive
good food , good service , consistent with the outback franchise .	service	positive
you 're probably better off going around the corner to the british open pub .	british open pub	positive
would n't come here for oktoberfest again .	oktoberfest	negative
was very happy with the vets approach and the clinic .	vets approach	positive
was very happy with the vets approach and the clinic .	clinic	positive
the service is one of the best i have ever seen in a restaurant .	service	positive
worst ice cream i 've had in a long time .	ice cream	negative
the food is excellent and i love the atmosphere .	food	positive
the food is excellent and i love the atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .	pressure	negative
the place is clean .	place	positive
the queen bed was horrible !	queen bed	negative
the food was just ok and the presentation was not impressive .	food	negative
the food was just ok and the presentation was not impressive .	presentation	negative
the people are very kind .	people	positive
brandon was so obnoxious and defensive and denied getting the order wrong .	order	negative
guac had no flavor .	guac	negative
guac had no flavor .	flavor	negative
all in all , great food and we will definitely visit again and again .	food	positive
this was the worst mexican restaurant i 've ever been to .	mexican	negative
totally fun place to come in with a group .	place	positive
horrible service , especially from matt in the office .	service	negative
i got the steak and salsa burrito my fiance got the machaca burrito .	steak	positive
i got the steak and salsa burrito my fiance got the machaca burrito .	machaca burrito	positive
their spa is fantastic !	spa	positive
delicious food .	food	positive
great selections of food and meat products .	selections of food	positive
great selections of food and meat products .	meat products	positive
random complaint - the mirrors in the women 's bathroom are for giants .	mirrors	negative
great place for the value .	value	positive
orange table does n't cut it .	orange table	negative
angle hair pasta with meatballs was very good .	angle hair pasta with meatballs	positive
this place is the best in middle eastern food in the valley .	food	positive
however , i was shocked to see the amount of the bill .	bill	negative
it says $ _num_ delivery and i wanted to order a burrito .	burrito	positive
this place sucks anyway . ''	place	negative
delicious arizona chili and fresh bread heaven !	arizona chili	positive
delicious arizona chili and fresh bread heaven !	fresh bread	positive
in the end poor customer service , no courtesy calls , and poor information .	customer service	negative
in the end poor customer service , no courtesy calls , and poor information .	courtesy calls	negative
in the end poor customer service , no courtesy calls , and poor information .	information	negative
i love the atmosphere in this , while small , very charming place .	atmosphere	positive
i love the atmosphere in this , while small , very charming place .	place	positive
i really enjoyed this place !	place	positive
the service here from the spa to the bar is exceptional .	service	positive
the service here from the spa to the bar is exceptional .	spa	positive
the service here from the spa to the bar is exceptional .	bar	positive
business _num_ class might help his lady .	business	positive
every item we tried was prepared perfectly , bursting with flavor and piping hot .	flavor	positive
did not like orange or lemon chicken because of the thick , thick crust .	orange	negative
did not like orange or lemon chicken because of the thick , thick crust .	crust	negative
i worked out _num_ times that week , and loved the gym .	gym	positive
great ny style pizza at a reasonable price .	pizza	positive
great ny style pizza at a reasonable price .	price	positive
the bar 's selection of liquor is very impressive and pretty affordable .	bar	positive
plenty of herbs and flowers and cactus options .	herbs and flowers	positive
plenty of herbs and flowers and cactus options .	cactus options	positive
poor customer service , decent at best smoothies .	customer service	negative
exceeded my expectations , the perfect bouquet for our perfect new baby girl !	bouquet	positive
exceeded my expectations , the perfect bouquet for our perfect new baby girl !	baby girl	positive
i left my call back number , again .	call	negative
this is a great date spot !	date spot	positive
the ambiance is always warm and inviting .	ambiance	positive
this is the worst restaurant i have been in a long time !	restaurant	negative
we immediately had our room changed to a room overlooking the parking lot .	room	negative
we immediately had our room changed to a room overlooking the parking lot .	room	negative
so rare to find honest repair people out there .	repair	positive
the service was very good , the waiter was very friendly .	service	positive
the service was very good , the waiter was very friendly .	waiter	positive
we enjoy the amazing and very reasonably priced wine menu .	wine menu	positive
food is dirt cheap and so delicious .	food	positive
my fiance and i went here last night and had a great meal .	meal	positive
no one at the front register , drive-thru or cook stations .	drive-thru	negative
no one at the front register , drive-thru or cook stations .	cook stations	negative
friendly , gracious and efficient service .	service	positive
i especially enjoy there cowboy burger combo meal with their delicious raspberry tea .	cowboy burger combo meal	positive
i especially enjoy there cowboy burger combo meal with their delicious raspberry tea .	raspberry tea	positive
terrible experience .	experience	negative
by far my favorite dive in scottsdale !	dive	positive
bring booze and beers and a cooler !	booze and beers	positive
bring booze and beers and a cooler !	cooler	positive
extremely disappointed with this store .	store	negative
the shrimp were hard and gummy , the muscles were bitter and rubbery .	shrimp	negative
the shrimp were hard and gummy , the muscles were bitter and rubbery .	muscles	negative
the place was small and underwhelming .	place	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
it is a small store but manages to have a wide selection of items .	items	positive
we ordered the carnitas tacos appetizer which is _num_ tacos .	carnitas tacos appetizer	positive
this place has hundreds of sales reps on a floor & nobody knows shit !	sales reps	negative
really fun place for kids .	place	positive
i love the staff and the doctors .	staff	positive
i love the staff and the doctors .	doctors	positive
there are many more options in that area to spend my time and money .	money	positive
found this place through yelp and so glad we did !	place	positive
it 's a ride from the east valley but worth every mile .	ride	positive
however the server forgot my husband 's bacon .	server	negative
however the server forgot my husband 's bacon .	bacon	negative
this is real mexican food and affordable .	mexican food	positive
great prices and they have snack during the game .	prices	positive
other than that , i have found the food decent and serve time adequate .	food	positive
other than that , i have found the food decent and serve time adequate .	serve	positive
i love this location ( besides the construction going on around downtown scottsdale !	location	positive
i love this location ( besides the construction going on around downtown scottsdale !	construction	positive
the charge for my $ _num_ order is still on my card .	charge	negative
the charge for my $ _num_ order is still on my card .	$	negative
great prices and family run ... will definitely come back .	prices	positive
the salads are good , even better if you add chicken or salmon !	salads	positive
the salads are good , even better if you add chicken or salmon !	chicken	positive
the salads are good , even better if you add chicken or salmon !	salmon	positive
friendly and great service .	service	positive
the price out on the sign for gas is the cash price .	price out	positive
the price out on the sign for gas is the cash price .	gas	positive
the price out on the sign for gas is the cash price .	cash price	positive
good for lunch or late night eats .	lunch	positive
good for lunch or late night eats .	eats	positive
the biggest problem we had was service .	service	negative
the food was bland ordinary , felt stale and uninspired .	food	negative
the place has a great feel and ambiance to it .	place	positive
the place has a great feel and ambiance to it .	feel	positive
the place has a great feel and ambiance to it .	ambiance	positive
i 've never payed so much for an entree at an indian restaurant .	entree	positive
( this is one of the items that did n't have peppers . )	peppers	negative
i agree the best italian hands down .	italian	positive
gyro meat as good as it gets !	gyro meat	positive
the whole front staff and doctors were just wonderful with our babies .	front staff	positive
the whole front staff and doctors were just wonderful with our babies .	doctors	positive
which is good value .	value	positive
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	dish	negative
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	garlic crab	negative
totally not recommended restaurant .	restaurant	negative
the six of us went out for yogurt because we were really very hungry .	yogurt	negative
it was very clean and well stocked .	stocked	positive
clean place.	place.	positive
the subs are so delicious .	subs	positive
amazing little place .	place	positive
this set a very negative tone for the rest of our meal .	meal	negative
no refills on waters .	waters	negative
and , oh yeah , they 're all just really fine people here .	people	positive
nice patio area , not too loud or pretentious , good vibe .	patio area	positive
nice patio area , not too loud or pretentious , good vibe .	vibe	positive
they typically have a line but always move fast .	line	negative
we are huge fans of their reverse happy hour on sundays .	reverse happy	positive
_num_ bottles of wine great beer and great food .	beer	positive
_num_ bottles of wine great beer and great food .	food	positive
these tasted bagged and almost stale , though the salsa was good .	salsa	positive
the inside can use some updating but the place is fine .	inside	positive
the inside can use some updating but the place is fine .	place	positive
we love this place .	place	positive
the happy family was good as well .	family	positive
when i got to them there was not an employee to be found .	employee	negative
consistently the best chinese food in the north valley period .	chinese food	positive
food was so so nothing to rave about .	food	negative
every single time i shop there i leave annoyed by its workers .	workers	negative
sun screens look great and truly help out !	sun screens	positive
nice wine list too .	wine list	positive
the staff was friendly and laid back yet still attentive which was refreshing .	staff	positive
i had the carnitas taco special which was two tacos with rice and beans .	carnitas taco special	positive
fantastic place and very helpful and knowledgeable staff .	place	positive
fantastic place and very helpful and knowledgeable staff .	staff	positive
always a wait but worth it .	wait	negative
worst mcdonald 's ever .	mcdonald 's	negative
the garlic topping is the best with extra cheese !	garlic topping	positive
the garlic topping is the best with extra cheese !	extra cheese	positive
whoever they hired to do the remodel was awful .	remodel	negative
my mobile order took _num_ minutes .	mobile order	negative
i must say this place was great !	place	positive
this place is the best !	place	positive
dr carson and the massage therapists here are amazing .	massage therapists	positive
bagel nosh on the other hand is bland and the worst cream cheese ever .	bagel nosh	negative
bagel nosh on the other hand is bland and the worst cream cheese ever .	cream cheese	negative
the service of this place is very poor .	service	negative
service is excellent .	service	positive
friendly service .	service	positive
the carnitas were very bland and tasted like they had freezer burn .	carnitas	negative
the carnitas were very bland and tasted like they had freezer burn .	freezer burn	negative
the orange chicken is so good !	orange chicken	positive
there is no tv in the bedroom either .	tv	negative
best onion rings we 've ever had and pizza was delicious !	onion rings	positive
best onion rings we 've ever had and pizza was delicious !	pizza	positive
this is really good persian food .	persian food	positive
there was a wait but it was worth it .	wait	positive
i took the car in and got the repairs .	car	positive
they make their donuts fresh every morning .	donuts	positive
my sales associate was awkward and did n't even introduce herself .	sales associate	negative
and way over spent of this repair .	repair	negative
top notch service !	service	positive
gf pizza as well is pretty good .	gf pizza	positive
ok never going back to this place again .	place	negative
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .	located	positive
service was exceptional .	service	positive
always enjoy breakfast here .	breakfast	positive
great place for people 30+ years old .	place	positive
this place is wonderful !	place	positive
really wanted authentic chinese food and everything was fried and mushy .	chinese food	positive
the staff are not attentive .	staff	negative
purchased a groupon to eat here and the food was great .	food	positive
they are extremely generous with the cream cheese on their bagels .	cream cheese	positive
they are extremely generous with the cream cheese on their bagels .	bagels	positive
great service !	service	positive
smoothies was so amazing .	smoothies	positive
good food .	food	positive
it is new and modern and really quite beautiful space .	space	positive
overall , a nice pie that makes you look forward to more !	pie	positive
nice to find a place with good food and good staff .	food	positive
nice to find a place with good food and good staff .	staff	positive
i am happy to have found sweet and sour pork .	sour pork	positive
this place is horrific !	place	negative
just enough people but small intimate atmosphere .	atmosphere	negative
the beer selection is pitiful .	beer selection	positive
it is the typical old school sonoran mexican joint .	sonoran mexican joint	positive
tottie and her staff always makes you feel welcome .	staff	positive
food was really good , fresh ingredients and very well displayed .	food	positive
food was really good , fresh ingredients and very well displayed .	ingredients	positive
the new management is awful .	management	negative
while i waited for my food , i went to load up on salsa .	food	positive
while i waited for my food , i went to load up on salsa .	salsa	positive
about the waiter , wrong sides , and chicken being very over done .	waiter	negative
about the waiter , wrong sides , and chicken being very over done .	chicken	negative
i am so thankful to be out of this place .	place	positive
then my son wanted mac n cheese and gold fish .	mac n cheese and gold fish	positive
great service .	service	positive
this place is amazing .	place	positive
he helped us out greatly by finding a really awesome car !	car	positive
was just completely ignored for fifteen minutes at the men 's sunglasses case .	men	negative
was just completely ignored for fifteen minutes at the men 's sunglasses case .	sunglasses case	negative
so there goes my `` shop local '' thing .	shop	positive
the atmosphere is fun and festive while keeping to it 's laid back roots .	atmosphere	positive
my husband and i tried _num_ different chicken dishes .	chicken dishes	positive
such great customer service .	customer service	positive
they use good ingredients , high quality meat , excellent corn tortillas .	ingredients	positive
they use good ingredients , high quality meat , excellent corn tortillas .	meat	positive
they use good ingredients , high quality meat , excellent corn tortillas .	corn tortillas	positive
very good food .	food	positive
the first time i ate here i waited _num_ minutes for my check .	check	negative
good stuff .	stuff	positive
the food is n't that great especially for the price .	food	negative
the food is n't that great especially for the price .	price	negative
to the brewery ?	brewery	negative
i called and spoke with the owner and was disappointed in the conversation .	owner	negative
they have a really good burger menu , with some interesting options .	burger menu	positive
this place is delicious !	place	positive
this place has some great food .	food	positive
thanks to yelp i found this adorable wine bar while in phoenix for work .	wine bar	positive
and the give a ton of treats !	treats	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
we waited over _num_ minutes , a large inside booth opened and was empty .	booth	negative
our food was delicious , with enough to take home leftovers .	food	positive
some of the best cole slaw i 've had !	cole slaw	positive
a restaurant that has always focused on their male servers is getting a facelift !	servers	negative
very enjoyable evening overall on the second floor patio !	second	positive
very enjoyable evening overall on the second floor patio !	patio	positive
my husband got just a scoop of chocolate and it was equally as good .	chocolate	positive
it was spicy and there was a ton of pork .	pork	positive
i walk in and see two counters with people standing at them .	counters	negative
overall great place to go !	place	positive
the mount is solid and should last forever , and the dish works great .	mount	positive
the mount is solid and should last forever , and the dish works great .	dish	positive
our server tiffany was super nice but this place sucks .	server tiffany	positive
our server tiffany was super nice but this place sucks .	place	negative
the carbonara was the bomb !	carbonara	positive
my favorite is the sweet and sour pork .	sweet and sour pork	positive
the bread may not be fancy but has a great flavor .	bread	positive
the atmosphere is great also .	atmosphere	positive
the chicken was the worst quality of chicken i 've ever been served anywhere !	quality of chicken	negative
got there and he still could n't find my stuff .	stuff	negative
another thing i did n't expect was the great service from the bartender .	service	positive
another thing i did n't expect was the great service from the bartender .	bartender	negative
the hollandaise tasted like plain butter .	hollandaise	positive
the hollandaise tasted like plain butter .	plain butter	positive
wanting to take some of their wedding classes !	wedding classes	positive
wonderful marinara sauce i could only eat 1/3 !	marinara sauce	positive
_num_ great entrees so far .	entrees	positive
every table was covered with dirty dishes and food .	table	negative
every table was covered with dirty dishes and food .	dishes	negative
every table was covered with dirty dishes and food .	food	negative
fish tacos are good .	fish tacos	positive
the drinks are cheap , though .	drinks	positive
love the straight razor service to clean up the neck .	straight razor service	positive
the huge water feature adds a very romantic aspect to this tavern .	water feature	positive
the huge water feature adds a very romantic aspect to this tavern .	tavern	positive
also great homemade tamale burger was great .	homemade tamale burger	positive
i also liked the buttermilk pancakes , and their potatoes .	buttermilk pancakes	positive
i also liked the buttermilk pancakes , and their potatoes .	potatoes	positive
this place is horrible .	place	negative
this place gets a lot of business during this time .	place	positive
this place gets a lot of business during this time .	business	positive
the food was beyond bad .	food	negative
old and tired with food to match .	food	negative
i ordered the salmon that was drenched in teriyaki sauce , it was meh .	salmon	negative
i ordered the salmon that was drenched in teriyaki sauce , it was meh .	teriyaki sauce	negative
your animals are in great hands here .	animals	positive
the food is always delicious .	food	positive
love this place .	place	positive
my meatball hero was ready but the calzone was not .	meatball	negative
my meatball hero was ready but the calzone was not .	calzone	negative
all of the servers are friendly and fantastic !	servers	positive
best deal to buy a bottle .	bottle	positive
all were excellent and service was an a+ !	service	positive
definitely disappointing food .	food	negative
it 's a small little place and it was packed with people .	place	negative
the quality is exceptional every time .	quality	positive
it was over a holiday weekend and the parking lot was practically empty .	parking lot	negative
i will never stray again from goodyear due to a good coupon .	coupon	positive
family owned with homemade food !	homemade food	positive
prices are reasonable and they have a nice selection of food to choose from .	prices	positive
prices are reasonable and they have a nice selection of food to choose from .	selection of food	positive
ac went out in _num_ degree heat .	ac	negative
as the other reviewers said , this place is huge !	place	positive
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	product	negative
bottom line , do not eat at tortilla factory .	tortilla	negative
the service was where our family was greatly disappointed .	service	negative
over priced on just about everything in stock .	priced	negative
over priced on just about everything in stock .	stock	negative
the service was horrible ; it took forever to get anything .	service	negative
the slowest subway i have ever visited .	subway	negative
the food here is even better .	food	positive
its great because it has something in every price point .	price point	positive
the service was mediocre .	service	negative
always get quality work , in a timely manner without being charged extreme amounts .	work	positive
everyone there is fantastic !	everyone	positive
it 's august and the renovations have n't even started .	renovations	negative
this place is very special .	place	positive
btw , it 's a good place to practice your spanish .	spanish	positive
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	texture	negative
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	meat	negative
it 's only good business .	business	positive
great spot .	spot	positive
nice italian place with very good food and service .	place	positive
nice italian place with very good food and service .	food	positive
nice italian place with very good food and service .	service	positive
done in _num_ hour , pants look great .	pants	positive
the free wi-fi had a decent speed , and it was incredibly quiet .	wi-fi	positive
the person on the phone repeated the order and everything was ok .	person	negative
comfortable dining area .	dining area	positive
leave ?	leave	negative
i paid my $ _num_ and i left with my baby .	baby	positive
the worst customer service ever .	customer service	negative
really do love this place .	place	positive
my girlfriend and i shared a bottle of sangria , which was tasty .	bottle of sangria	positive
gina 's spaghetti was great tasting and came with garlic bread .	spaghetti	positive
gina 's spaghetti was great tasting and came with garlic bread .	garlic bread	positive
you ca n't beat johnny diamonds pricing ... ... ... ... anywhere .	diamonds pricing	positive
mickey 's is always packed with the worst people in town .	mickey	negative
mickey 's is always packed with the worst people in town .	people	negative
the coffee is top notch .	coffee	positive
great place to eat !	place	positive
there was no wait service except at the bar .	wait service	negative
there was no wait service except at the bar .	bar	negative
a very well laid out antique mall .	antique mall	positive
they quoted a price for a problem and fixed it .	price	negative
every discount tire i visit is a great experience .	discount tire	positive
got a pitcher of margaritas which were delicious .	pitcher of margaritas	positive
one of my favorite places for the culture and the food .	culture	positive
one of my favorite places for the culture and the food .	food	positive
excellent dinner with friends .	dinner	positive
delicious food .	food	positive
excellent sushi .	sushi	positive
terrible service !	service	negative
worst customer service ever !	customer service	negative
the store was clean , organized & the staff was very nice .	store	positive
the store was clean , organized & the staff was very nice .	staff	positive
i would n't be going here if it were n't for my classes .	classes	negative
this place is great !	place	positive
chopped salad & chopped liver only added to this wonderful dinner .	chopped salad	positive
chopped salad & chopped liver only added to this wonderful dinner .	chopped liver	positive
chopped salad & chopped liver only added to this wonderful dinner .	dinner	positive
the windows are all painted over and the entrance is in the back .	windows	negative
the windows are all painted over and the entrance is in the back .	entrance	negative
lots of fun and great people watching .	people	positive
one star for the unbelievable wine selection .	wine selection	positive
love this place .	place	positive
it was a great lunch and learn event .	lunch	positive
bavarian point used to be that way .	bavarian point	negative
the dancing was cool but very loud .	dancing	negative
joined a friend here for lunch and enjoyed everything i ordered .	lunch	positive
for me , going to the gym does n't equal social hour .	gym	negative
changed my battery out and did a great job .	battery	positive
really good food , nice prices , cool atmosphere .	food	positive
really good food , nice prices , cool atmosphere .	prices	positive
really good food , nice prices , cool atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
super inconsistent ratings , best approach is just try stuff .	ratings	negative
little pieces of garlic heaven .	garlic heaven	positive
probably would n't pick this hotel for another stay .	hotel	negative
probably would n't pick this hotel for another stay .	stay	negative
all the doctors are awesome and the staff is great !	doctors	positive
all the doctors are awesome and the staff is great !	staff	positive
best chinese food in scottsdale .	chinese food	positive
great service !	service	positive
they came with boiled potatoes and fresh bread .	boiled potatoes	positive
they came with boiled potatoes and fresh bread .	fresh bread	positive
very nice young man who was polite and helpful .	man	positive
as always , the customer service at this location is above and beyond !	customer service	positive
i love coming to this place !	place	positive
the food was delicious and definitely worth visiting and coming back for .	food	positive
definitely enjoyed the place and would go back again for sure .	place	positive
the waiters very informative and fast !	waiters	positive
the service is wonderful and beautiful decor .	service	positive
the service is wonderful and beautiful decor .	decor	positive
it was sitting in luke warm water and was wilted .	water	negative
this is one of my favorite places for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
the choices are limited and it is outrageously expensive .	choices	negative
they would do pads and fluid change for $ _num_ .	pads	positive
they would do pads and fluid change for $ _num_ .	fluid change	positive
if there was a way to give this company _num_ stars , i would .	company	positive
the food is amazing !	food	positive
the blueberry pancakes are superb , their coffee is beyond description .	blueberry pancakes	positive
the blueberry pancakes are superb , their coffee is beyond description .	coffee	positive
food was good .	food	positive
but they 're fun and looking for a good time .	time	positive
did you know each pawn shop can charge a different interest rate ?	pawn shop	positive
did you know each pawn shop can charge a different interest rate ?	interest rate	negative
i absolutely can not believe this place is in business .	place	positive
love this place and the staff , a great place to bring your pets .	staff	positive
spinach , again lacked flavor and sat in too much creme .	spinach	negative
spinach , again lacked flavor and sat in too much creme .	flavor	negative
spinach , again lacked flavor and sat in too much creme .	creme	negative
not _num_ % , not _num_ % but _num_ % !	_num_	negative
i would definitely recommend vca .	vca	positive
bob is great .	bob	positive
i always go on the weekend , and the wait is no surprise .	wait	positive
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	manager	negative
their gluten free margarita pizza with fresh basil is to die for .	margarita pizza with	positive
definitely the best burger joint in town and one i stop into frequently .	burger joint	positive
i highly recommend this hospital .	hospital	positive
the other time a rather lame duo band sang over tracks .	duo band	negative
they take the time to explain procedures and really make you feel welcomed .	procedures	positive
another server came back with my beer and it was a blue moon .	server	negative
another server came back with my beer and it was a blue moon .	beer	negative
awesome , fast and friendly service !	service	positive
really good pizza and zucchini .	pizza	positive
really good pizza and zucchini .	zucchini	positive
great food .	food	positive
`` oh , wait ... you can use the paper cutter upstairs . ''	paper cutter	positive
`` your food tastes flavorless '' ?	food	negative
best price on blue dog food .	price on blue dog food	positive
love their food and service !	food	positive
love their food and service !	service	positive
great service .	service	positive
most of the the wait staff could easily sub at starbucks or applebee 's .	wait staff	negative
hubs had pork that was fatty and bland .	pork	negative
anyways we also were told we had to pay for our meals as well .	meals	negative
atmosphere is cool , sushi was great , and had a great server .	atmosphere	positive
atmosphere is cool , sushi was great , and had a great server .	sushi	positive
atmosphere is cool , sushi was great , and had a great server .	server	positive
as for the food , i ordered the huevos rancheros .	food	positive
as for the food , i ordered the huevos rancheros .	huevos rancheros	positive
amazing prices - outstanding customer service .	prices	positive
amazing prices - outstanding customer service .	customer service	positive
we had some small plates just to test the waters at this place .	plates	negative
we had some small plates just to test the waters at this place .	waters	negative
so far my favorite thai place in old town .	thai place	positive
i liked also the classy and romantic atmosphere of the restaurant .	atmosphere	positive
kind of a skimpy shoe selection , but lots of cute designer bags .	shoe selection	negative
kind of a skimpy shoe selection , but lots of cute designer bags .	bags	positive
super nice staff , accurate pricing and timing .	staff	positive
super nice staff , accurate pricing and timing .	pricing	positive
i would give it a _num_ based on location and decor .	location	positive
i would give it a _num_ based on location and decor .	decor	positive
great place for stiff drinks that are super affordable .	stiff drinks	positive
i must admit , one of the best cheese steaks i 've ever had .	cheese steaks	positive
i 'm new in town , and i love mongolian grills .	mongolian grills	positive
the salon was wonderful and every one was very friendly .	salon	positive
it was seriously dirty from the menus , the floor to the tables .	menus	negative
it was seriously dirty from the menus , the floor to the tables .	tables	negative
management is awesome !	management	positive
we always have a nice server .	server	positive
this is going no where quickly , so allow me to land the plane .	plane	positive
the lighting is just sexy too .	lighting	positive
i really enjoyed the comedians and wanted to come back for more .	comedians	positive
i highly recommend this burger ... if you can handle it !	burger	positive
audio on the 2nd floor was challenging at best .	audio	negative
audio on the 2nd floor was challenging at best .	2nd floor	negative
another thing - both of our eggs were cooked wrong .	eggs	negative
note : their marinara sauce and calamari are amazing !	marinara sauce	positive
note : their marinara sauce and calamari are amazing !	calamari	positive
they are great with using email to communicate status , estimates , etc .	status	positive
they are great with using email to communicate status , estimates , etc .	estimates	positive
my tires went immediately flat every other ride .	tires	negative
it has a fab golf course and has a beautiful pool .	fab golf course	positive
it has a fab golf course and has a beautiful pool .	pool	positive
do not take your car here even for an oil change .	oil change	negative
nothing fancy , just good food !	food	positive
the happy hour is great , my boyfriend loves the chilled sampler plate !	chilled sampler plate	positive
thank you for the amazing food !	food	positive
the worst service i have ever had .	service	negative
the staff did apologize and comp _num_ pizza and offered a dessert .	staff	negative
the staff did apologize and comp _num_ pizza and offered a dessert .	dessert	negative
we got seated immediately even at the dinner rush and had great service .	dinner rush	positive
we got seated immediately even at the dinner rush and had great service .	service	positive
serving is not easy and this kid did an amazing job .	serving	negative
the rack of lamb and halibut are cooked perfectly !	rack of lamb	positive
the rack of lamb and halibut are cooked perfectly !	halibut	positive
good breakfast .	breakfast	positive
i 'd recommend if you 're in the area for a quick lunch .	lunch	positive
love everything about the thomas location .	thomas location	positive
food & service was wonderful .	food	positive
food & service was wonderful .	service	positive
unless you dipped in a sauce .	sauce	negative
best pizza chain in us !	pizza chain	positive
obviously a great and local wine selection .	wine selection	positive
the hawaiian roll was amazing !	hawaiian roll	positive
went here to have a mobile home title transferred .	mobile home title	negative
our waiter was sweet and gracious .	waiter	positive
i highly recommend the ginger pork or the katsu .	ginger pork	positive
i highly recommend the ginger pork or the katsu .	katsu	positive
this place rocks !	place	positive
i 've been there for family get togethers and for fun and drinks .	family get togethers	positive
i 've been there for family get togethers and for fun and drinks .	drinks	positive
ultimately drinking it is not good for your body .	drinking	negative
service is always excellent .	service	positive
seriously the best sushi in town .	sushi	positive
the only reason i gave it _num_ star is for the cool atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
i left telling him i would talk to his manager .	manager	negative
i would definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
clean and cozy authentic restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the manager was horrible .	manager	negative
food is excellent .	food	positive
dr. dan is great .	dr.	positive
ribs were great .	ribs	positive
food and drinks of sports bar caliber .	drinks	positive
of meat and _num_ pounds of bread ?	meat	negative
of meat and _num_ pounds of bread ?	_num_ pounds of bread	positive
this restaurant needs new management .	management	negative
i would recommend to match it with an espresso martini ... yummy !	espresso martini	positive
great service !	service	positive
their portions are huge and the quality of the food is really good .	portions	positive
their portions are huge and the quality of the food is really good .	quality	positive
their portions are huge and the quality of the food is really good .	food	positive
also , our waiters have always been really friendly .	waiters	positive
deplorable , is how i describe my experience at the breakfast club .	breakfast club	positive
the broccoli is quality , and never overcooked .	broccoli	positive
have a great dinner at home with the rib and _num_ oz filet combo .	dinner	positive
have a great dinner at home with the rib and _num_ oz filet combo .	rib	positive
the outdoor seating is perfect -- - amazing pv views and resort scenery .	outdoor seating	positive
the outdoor seating is perfect -- - amazing pv views and resort scenery .	pv views	positive
the outdoor seating is perfect -- - amazing pv views and resort scenery .	resort scenery	positive
her shop is clean and she is a professional .	shop	positive
my salad was a little better .	salad	positive
the waitresses were very very pleasant and we felt very comfortable !	waitresses	positive
disappointing stay for a hilton diamond member .	stay	negative
perfect service .	service	positive
no sushi or sashimi on happy hour , only several rolls .	sushi	negative
no sushi or sashimi on happy hour , only several rolls .	sashimi	negative
no sushi or sashimi on happy hour , only several rolls .	rolls	negative
i wear acrylic on my big toes and i needed a fill .	acrylic	positive
i wear acrylic on my big toes and i needed a fill .	fill	positive
and there are truly greek people working there - now that is authentic !	greek	positive
no water refill .	water refill	negative
the guacamole was watered down and looked like green chile hot sauce .	guacamole	negative
the guacamole was watered down and looked like green chile hot sauce .	green chile hot sauce	negative
the technician who came out was rude , rude , rude .	technician	negative
strange kinds of pizza that are pretty awesome and some good salads .	kinds of pizza	positive
strange kinds of pizza that are pretty awesome and some good salads .	salads	positive
great honest service that can not be beat .	service	positive
the levels are usually off .	levels	negative
recommend this place to eat any day , anytime !	place	positive
robert 's catering made our wedding cake for us .	catering	positive
robert 's catering made our wedding cake for us .	wedding cake	positive
reasonable pricing with a nice quiet dining area .	pricing	positive
reasonable pricing with a nice quiet dining area .	dining area	positive
so eventually i cracked ... lol i paid for the boards and cover .	boards	negative
so eventually i cracked ... lol i paid for the boards and cover .	cover	negative
no salads and the bread was served with ranch dressing ( no butter ) .	salads	negative
no salads and the bread was served with ranch dressing ( no butter ) .	bread	negative
no salads and the bread was served with ranch dressing ( no butter ) .	served	negative
no salads and the bread was served with ranch dressing ( no butter ) .	ranch dressing	negative
large portions and good food !	portions	positive
large portions and good food !	food	positive
no lights @ night !	lights	negative
love this place and we will go back !	place	positive
the steak is tender and juicy .	steak	positive
excellent indian food !	indian food	positive
their clam chowder is also amazing ( obviously lol ) .	clam chowder	positive
efficient , friendly wait staff , with a cool atmosphere !	wait staff	positive
efficient , friendly wait staff , with a cool atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
this place has a chaotic feel .	place	negative
this place has a chaotic feel .	feel	negative
very competitive pricing .	pricing	positive
, great view !	view	positive
lol , we all love love love this deli .	deli	positive
drinks and food were amazing .	drinks	positive
drinks and food were amazing .	food	positive
great value for the filet and sides for kids !	filet	positive
great value for the filet and sides for kids !	sides	positive
hands down , the worst chinese food that i have ever had .	chinese food	negative
tempe improv is a joke ... literally .	tempe improv	positive
it 's the only possible explanation for this place .	place	negative
great place for lunch .	lunch	positive
the owner is highly knowledgable and extremely friendly .	owner	positive
beautiful weather .	weather	positive
to all other patrons , i would avoid it .	patrons	negative
food and service were great .	food	positive
food and service were great .	service	positive
the beans were greasy and the enchiladas were like soup .	beans	negative
the beans were greasy and the enchiladas were like soup .	enchiladas	negative
the food was very good .	food	positive
during the day they have a great chili dog .	chili dog	positive
great food .	food	positive
the place looked dirty , dingy .	place	negative
loved the atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great food .	food	positive
the appetizer was wonderful .	appetizer	positive
the shark meat was slightly on the salty side though .	shark meat	negative
thanks mike , i am so grateful !	mike	positive
their sangria was phenomenal and we loved the pizza !	sangria	positive
their sangria was phenomenal and we loved the pizza !	pizza	positive
and the food was delicious .	food	positive
i went on sunday around _num_ and the place was completely dead .	place	negative
the place smelled greasy and it was so loud we went outside to eat .	place	negative
grateful i found them for these family projects , and u will be too .	family projects	positive
we have enjoyed dinner here many times and this is our first review !	dinner	positive
and the staff are very friendly .	staff	positive
great place .	place	positive
the overall ambiance is rich & the vibe is classy .	overall ambiance	positive
the overall ambiance is rich & the vibe is classy .	vibe	positive
the staff are very knowledgeable and friendly .	staff	positive
she did n't know how to do an even coat .	coat	negative
the interior is very nice and updated .	interior	positive
the non tacos vendors are drinks and chain restaurants .	non tacos vendors	positive
the non tacos vendors are drinks and chain restaurants .	drinks	positive
wonderful vegetables that are not usually available elsewhere - grilled eggplant and squash .	vegetables	positive
wonderful vegetables that are not usually available elsewhere - grilled eggplant and squash .	grilled eggplant	positive
wonderful vegetables that are not usually available elsewhere - grilled eggplant and squash .	squash	positive
eggs were n't mixed in they were on the side .	eggs	negative
i love malee 's !	malee	positive
this is the best veterinarian in all of phoenix !	veterinarian	positive
find your sushi elsewhere in scottsdale !	sushi	positive
apparently , i went to the wrong place .	place	negative
staff said b/c they 've been stolen .	staff	negative
anyway , i 'm always going to love this place .	place	positive
employees are friendly .	employees	positive
we enjoy the restaurant too .	restaurant	positive
the food was excellent all around .	food	positive
they are n't very good at keeping the client informed on their case .	case	negative
would not recommend this salon .	salon	negative
zach is the best bus boy you will ever meet .	bus boy	positive
great food .	food	positive
positive with your personal care and professionalism .	personal	positive
we also had our choice of _num_ possible entrees .	entrees	positive
the service here is excellent even at the bar .	service	positive
the service here is excellent even at the bar .	bar	negative
we also had calamari to start and it was very good .	calamari	positive
i have recently found this place and love it !	place	positive
it is very unique and the food is really good .	food	positive
no offer to take my name or number .	number	negative
thanks for the apples too !	apples	positive
keep the desperate summer coupons coming in the mail .	coupons	positive
place is clean .	place	positive
loved their guacamole , and our entrees were equally delicious .	guacamole	positive
loved their guacamole , and our entrees were equally delicious .	entrees	positive
i only go there for the breakfast burritos and they are amazing .	breakfast burritos	positive
family owned business offering authentic italian food .	italian food	positive
( unless you like soggy bread under your meatballs , of course . )	bread	negative
( unless you like soggy bread under your meatballs , of course . )	meatballs	negative
i love how the receipts print on both sides to save paper .	receipts	positive
the taste did not disappoint in that area .	taste	positive
in england they do n't serve nachos .	nachos	negative
these outlet places has great deals on great beds .	beds	positive
this restaurant is amazing .	restaurant	positive
really fun , characters are fantastic .	characters	positive
thanks chad !	chad	positive
chuck does great work and a very fair price .	price	positive
good , made to order mexican food .	mexican food	positive
owner was absolutely rude to our party of _num_ .	owner	negative
no standing .	standing	negative
maybe one of these days we 'll eat in to check out the place .	place	positive
this is a place that deserves to not stay in business .	place	negative
amazing food !	food	positive
amazing food , great service .	food	positive
amazing food , great service .	service	positive
even uses warm water in the water jet cleaner .	water	positive
even uses warm water in the water jet cleaner .	water jet	positive
i had a beef tamale - one of the best i 've had .	beef tamale	positive
the location and the outside dining are about the only positives i can highlight .	location	positive
the location and the outside dining are about the only positives i can highlight .	outside dining	positive
as always an amazing dinner !	dinner	positive
well worth the money !	money	positive
i saw dust in the kitchen area on the counters too .	kitchen area	negative
the last visit i had , my appt was set for _num_ .	appt	positive
love this place !	place	positive
i was thoroughly impressed with my experience at prestige today .	prestige	positive
the dcor is unique .	dcor	positive
incredibly friendly staff .	staff	positive
it is a wonderful little sandwich shop and everything is always fresh !	sandwich shop	positive
the space is sleek , yet cozy .	space	positive
the staff is very friendly and makes you feel welcome .	staff	positive
there are obnoxious people ever where , but here 's the catch .	people	negative
there are obnoxious people ever where , but here 's the catch .	catch	positive
the wings were good and nicely sauced , the fried pickles were delicious too .	wings	positive
the wings were good and nicely sauced , the fried pickles were delicious too .	sauced	positive
the wings were good and nicely sauced , the fried pickles were delicious too .	fried pickles	positive
the burger was over cooked and dry .	burger	negative
the staff is always very friendly .	staff	positive
along with the beer , everything makes for a flavorful combination .	beer	positive
it was the best mixture i 've ever had .	mixture	positive
definitely every flavor for every person .	flavor	positive
went to try this restaurant after passing it so many time .	restaurant	positive
had a wonderful experience with our purchase at this store .	purchase	positive
great views and great for special occasions .	views	positive
where 's the meat , and no feta .	meat	negative
where 's the meat , and no feta .	feta	negative
paul , the owner is a car genius !	owner	positive
if i could give this place zero stars i would .	place	positive
oh dear does this jack off of a place deserve a whole star ?	place	positive
a receipt should show an accurate transaction .	receipt	positive
a receipt should show an accurate transaction .	transaction	positive
nice on the wallet .	wallet	positive
i am so happy i made the switch to her office .	office	positive
what an amazing portion , quality and pricing !	portion	positive
what an amazing portion , quality and pricing !	quality	positive
what an amazing portion , quality and pricing !	pricing	positive
views are incredible .	views	positive
i called the school after hours and left a message .	school	negative
food was good and priced right .	food	positive
food was good and priced right .	priced	positive
great tasting , homemade ice cream .	homemade ice cream	positive
the vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup i settled for was okay .	vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup	positive
i recently visited while searching for a venue for a commitment ceremony and reception .	venue	positive
outstanding service highly recommended .	service	positive
food quality , and more importantly taste is far better than any chain food .	food quality	positive
food quality , and more importantly taste is far better than any chain food .	taste	positive
chris is really nice and they seem to be very honest .	chris	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
we have never had bad service from camping world .	service	positive
it was delicious and it came with a side order of vegetables .	side order of vegetables	positive
i tried but i just ca n't .	ca	negative
the food is very authentic and tastes homemade .	food	positive
pee on the floor = bad bad bad !	pee	negative
this owner is quickly running this place into the ground .	owner	positive
this owner is quickly running this place into the ground .	place	negative
if i could do negative stars i would .	stars	negative
we both had veal dishes and enjoyed them along with the wine .	veal dishes	positive
we both had veal dishes and enjoyed them along with the wine .	wine	positive
everything in their store is 2-3 times regular price or online .	price	positive
previously , we 've eaten here late night and had delicious pizza .	pizza	positive
love this business !	business	positive
no special flavor .	flavor	negative
michelle , the owner , made the experience very wonderful for everyone involved .	owner	positive
more vendors also .	vendors	positive
i recommend this place .	place	positive
the restaurant is very casual with comfortable booths .	booths	positive
it was turkey and bread and lettuce and mayo .	turkey	positive
it was turkey and bread and lettuce and mayo .	mayo	positive
the staff is professional , attentive & helpful .	staff	positive
i had the fish tacos , which were also fantastic .	fish tacos	positive
his designs are so exquisite and timeless .	designs	positive
i loved my aura photo !	aura photo	positive
some place where they really want your business .	business	negative
the staff was amazing .	staff	positive
good service with good pricing for both dry cleaning and laundry services .	service	positive
good service with good pricing for both dry cleaning and laundry services .	pricing	positive
good service with good pricing for both dry cleaning and laundry services .	dry cleaning	positive
good service with good pricing for both dry cleaning and laundry services .	laundry services	positive
i was wrong at checkout i got an extra bill of almost _num_ dollars !	checkout	negative
i was wrong at checkout i got an extra bill of almost _num_ dollars !	bill	negative
i would highly recommend them to anyone in the area .	area	positive
it 's really good with the creamy horseradish .	horseradish	positive
great ambience and great for casual or dressy occasions .	ambience	positive
the server never apologized and we were charged for every item on our bill .	server	negative
the server never apologized and we were charged for every item on our bill .	bill	negative
the grounds are amazing and always well kept .	grounds	positive
and the pastries are simply wonderful .	pastries	positive
i could n't even taste the crab .	crab	negative
we chose the latter and loved the service by becky !	service	positive
great customer service .	customer service	positive
very good mongolian bbq especially given the area it 's in .	mongolian bbq	positive
very good mongolian bbq especially given the area it 's in .	area	positive
it truly is a different kind of place .	place	positive
prices are adequate for quality and portions .	prices	positive
prices are adequate for quality and portions .	quality	positive
prices are adequate for quality and portions .	portions	positive
the 2nd rx pissed me off .	2nd rx	negative
the food , normally good for baja , was lousy .	food	negative
the food , normally good for baja , was lousy .	baja	negative
awesome place to shop !	place	positive
the atmosphere was delightful and the service was outstanding !	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere was delightful and the service was outstanding !	service	positive
our server was very attentive and friendly .	server	positive
a message that says , `` one complimentary refill of chips and salsa . ''	chips	positive
a message that says , `` one complimentary refill of chips and salsa . ''	salsa	positive
instead we all had a sugar rush instead .	sugar rush	negative
complimentary coffee , tea , iced tea and lemonade throughout the day .	coffee , tea	positive
complimentary coffee , tea , iced tea and lemonade throughout the day .	iced tea	positive
complimentary coffee , tea , iced tea and lemonade throughout the day .	lemonade	positive
got ta love this bar .	bar	positive
i love the sauce .	sauce	positive
the soup was too salty and heavy and the panang chicken was kinda blend .	soup	negative
the soup was too salty and heavy and the panang chicken was kinda blend .	panang chicken	negative
great spot for breakfast or lunch .	spot	positive
great spot for breakfast or lunch .	breakfast	positive
great spot for breakfast or lunch .	lunch	positive
the pizza is amazing .	pizza	positive
i remember their dishes being spicy , creamy , and delicious !	dishes	positive
great persian restaurant !	persian restaurant	positive
muy bueno !	bueno	positive
great wine selection ... great staff .	wine selection	positive
great wine selection ... great staff .	staff	positive
mine was ordered medium rare and there was no pink and no juice whatsoever .	mine	negative
mine was ordered medium rare and there was no pink and no juice whatsoever .	juice	negative
if your a sports fan it will be a special treat .	sports	positive
what a great night out !	night	positive
i too have lost several hundred family slides due to this business closing .	family slides	negative
i too have lost several hundred family slides due to this business closing .	business	negative
hopefully we can find her at one of the other locations .	locations	positive
the staff is very good at making my children feel comfortable .	staff	positive
the food was delicious and the view of the pool area was really nice .	food	positive
the food was delicious and the view of the pool area was really nice .	view	positive
the food was delicious and the view of the pool area was really nice .	pool area	positive
the kobe sliders could have been better .	kobe sliders	negative
$ _num_ margaritas for happy hour were pretty tasty and service was very good !	service	positive
the mole is absolutely delightful !	mole	positive
always great food .	food	positive
the bakery and alcohol sections are very well stocked .	bakery	positive
the bakery and alcohol sections are very well stocked .	alcohol sections	positive
egg salad , blt , burgers , tuna , grilled cheese etc ... .	egg salad , blt	positive
egg salad , blt , burgers , tuna , grilled cheese etc ... .	burgers	positive
egg salad , blt , burgers , tuna , grilled cheese etc ... .	tuna	positive
egg salad , blt , burgers , tuna , grilled cheese etc ... .	grilled cheese	positive
they also make an incredible grilled cheese .	grilled cheese	positive
the bathroom smells horrible .	bathroom	negative
it tasted nothing like calamari .	calamari	negative
it 's very rare my husband and i agree on a wing place !	wing place	positive
thanks to gary for work on my gear .	gear	positive
one of the top five places to eat in maricopa for breakfast/lunch .	maricopa	positive
one of the top five places to eat in maricopa for breakfast/lunch .	breakfast/lunch	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
i was shocked at how good this place is .	place	positive
great drink menu and fun patio .	drink menu	positive
great drink menu and fun patio .	patio	positive
the tenderloin was wonderful .	tenderloin	positive
that place had great food especially great burgers !	food	positive
that place had great food especially great burgers !	burgers	positive
olive bread was friggin ' amazing .	olive bread	positive
genuinely cares about his patients .	patients	positive
good quick simple and cheap mexican food .	mexican food	positive
what sets d 's apart is the family that owns it .	family	positive
dale made the transaction go smoothly and he was pleasant to talk with .	transaction	positive
the sizzling plates and flavor was good .	sizzling plates	positive
the sizzling plates and flavor was good .	flavor	positive
i love this place and will always come back .	place	positive
it is served with fresh cut french fries .	served	positive
it is served with fresh cut french fries .	fresh cut french fries	positive
it was some of the worst food i have ever had .	food	negative
not a call , not a survey , not even by mail .	call	negative
not a call , not a survey , not even by mail .	survey	negative
several employees walked passed us -- so we left .	employees	negative
for a fresh and inexpensive sushi meal they ca n't be beat .	sushi meal	positive
best tailor in town .	tailor	positive
in scottsdale , this place is a must !	place	positive
the steak was overcooked as well as the shrimp and served cold .	steak	negative
the steak was overcooked as well as the shrimp and served cold .	shrimp	negative
the steak was overcooked as well as the shrimp and served cold .	served	negative
excellent roast beef , the big max is the best .	roast beef	positive
so we pay the bill and leave .	bill	negative
and that is good because one or two sizes does not fit all .	sizes	negative
does n't matter how the food is .	food	negative
the world , more so , needs serious art .	art	positive
the eggplant parm was good with a huge side of pasta .	eggplant parm	positive
great service and the food is unbelievable not to mention to portions are huge .	service	positive
great service and the food is unbelievable not to mention to portions are huge .	food	positive
great service and the food is unbelievable not to mention to portions are huge .	portions	positive
the hot wings were crispy perfect and just hot enough .	hot wings	positive
disappointing customer service .	customer service	negative
very relaxed environment .	environment	positive
the staff was so nice .	staff	positive
fun place for old people , food is n't special .	place	positive
fun place for old people , food is n't special .	food	negative
the swedish massage is the best i have ever had .	swedish massage	positive
great restaurant , great food and great staff .	restaurant	positive
great restaurant , great food and great staff .	food	positive
great restaurant , great food and great staff .	staff	positive
however , the meat was extremely flavorless .	meat	negative
the price is very reasonable .	price	positive
otherwise , this is a special place .	place	positive
the sauce tasted bland and the crust was not crispy at all .	sauce	negative
the sauce tasted bland and the crust was not crispy at all .	crust	negative
people always compliment my nails when i have them done here .	nails	positive
the customer service was awful .	customer service	negative
great for takeout - small indoor and patio seating for dining in .	takeout	positive
great for takeout - small indoor and patio seating for dining in .	indoor	positive
great for takeout - small indoor and patio seating for dining in .	patio seating	positive
is greek beer supposed to be warm and flat as well ?	greek beer	negative
the staff is always warm and friendly .	staff	positive
amazing meal !	meal	positive
a pathetic dining experience .	dining experience	negative
the finest meal and dining experience we have ever had .	meal	positive
the finest meal and dining experience we have ever had .	dining experience	positive
the package pricing is very reasonable and they provide excellent service .	package pricing	positive
the package pricing is very reasonable and they provide excellent service .	service	positive
i am having my wedding here in october and they have been so wonderful .	wedding	positive
she does not place them in the bag .	bag	negative
i do n't want to spend too much time on this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
what a great place !	place	positive
seriously dont waste your money .	money	negative
i ordered the kung pao chicken ... it was awful .	kung pao chicken	negative
good food with a cold thai beer makes this place my go to spot .	food	positive
good food with a cold thai beer makes this place my go to spot .	cold thai beer	positive
service was fantastic & very attentive .	service	positive
highly recommend you give this place a try !	place	positive
the burrito must have been made by an asian .	burrito	positive
excellent authentic nyc pies .	nyc pies	positive
tv , bathroom , all that stuff , average .	bathroom	negative
tv , bathroom , all that stuff , average .	stuff	negative
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	bagels	positive
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	cream cheese	positive
cute little patio .	patio	positive
easy place to kick back , put your `` feet up '' and chat .	place	positive
please avoid this place if you value your health .	place	negative
please avoid this place if you value your health .	health	negative
this food here was good and it 's in a neat location .	food	positive
this food here was good and it 's in a neat location .	location	positive
the work was quality , and the truck is running great !	work	positive
the work was quality , and the truck is running great !	truck	positive
the food is great , wish the portions of fish were bigger .	food	positive
the food is great , wish the portions of fish were bigger .	portions of fish	positive
i would not recommend taking your dog here .	dog	negative
the service was excellent and our waiter was so attentive which we liked .	service	positive
the service was excellent and our waiter was so attentive which we liked .	waiter	positive
i just love a small business that has their act together !	business	positive
incredible place .	place	positive
the techs are wonderful !	techs	positive
they take great care of your animals .	animals	positive
i ordered the chilaquiles and it was amazing .	chilaquiles	positive
the staff is kind and helpful .	staff	positive
same excellent food as the other places .	food	positive
great authentic mexican food .	mexican food	positive
great spot to live .	spot	positive
server again disappeared in between my husband 's plate being removed and my finishing .	server	negative
server again disappeared in between my husband 's plate being removed and my finishing .	plate	negative
server again disappeared in between my husband 's plate being removed and my finishing .	finishing	negative
very bad customer service .	customer service	negative
was disappointing to end up here with mediocre food and service .	food	negative
was disappointing to end up here with mediocre food and service .	service	negative
we are kind of a regular there and the staff is vet nice .	staff	positive
the service is fine , and the line is never too long .	service	positive
the service is fine , and the line is never too long .	line	positive
great service across the board .	service	positive
zero customer service .	customer service	negative
i would definitely recommend this place to you !	place	positive
sorry to say that i do n't think i will visiting this establishment again .	establishment	negative
de anna is the owner and does a great job .	owner	positive
they ruined my dogs hair .	dogs hair	negative
incredibly disappointing service .	service	negative
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food	positive
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	mexican menu	negative
the wings tasted like crap .	wings	negative
when you walk in thus place you are instantly confused .	place	negative
horrible stylist !	stylist	negative
rates are in the sky and management not great at all .	rates	negative
rates are in the sky and management not great at all .	management	negative
came in for valentine 's day , great couples special .	couples special	positive
nothing beats a classic sundae and this place does it well !	sundae	positive
nothing beats a classic sundae and this place does it well !	place	positive
my fianc had a bean burrito enchilada style .	bean burrito enchilada	positive
these guys make outstanding bread .	bread	positive
we like the place and will continue to patronize .	place	positive
the fries are delicious is well .	fries	positive
if you want phenomenal sushi , this is the place to be .	sushi	positive
i highly reccomend this place !	place	positive
good deals .	deals	positive
this place was so great !	place	positive
the sandwiches had a lack of flavor .	sandwiches	negative
the sandwiches had a lack of flavor .	flavor	negative
amazing food , atmosphere , and people !	food	positive
amazing food , atmosphere , and people !	atmosphere	positive
amazing food , atmosphere , and people !	people	positive
the coco chile fish was oily and not spicy .	coco chile fish	positive
we had to call for toilet paper , dishwasher soap , etc .	toilet paper	negative
we had to call for toilet paper , dishwasher soap , etc .	dishwasher soap	negative
this place is awesome !	place	positive
i 've never been able to walk in to this store and get it .	store	positive
for a saloon it 's probably the very best in scottsdale !	saloon	positive
great shop , great service , great selection .	shop	positive
great shop , great service , great selection .	service	positive
honest company with reasonable rates .	rates	positive
great little sports bar just a couple blocks away .	sports bar	positive
my favorite side is the deep fried zucchini .	deep fried zucchini	positive
the fish taco was very good .	fish taco	positive
the awesome blossom !	blossom	positive
this place is going on old reputation only and not improving .	place	positive
the food ?	food	positive
i love vietnamese food and their pho and spring rolls are both great .	vietnamese food	positive
i love vietnamese food and their pho and spring rolls are both great .	pho	positive
i love vietnamese food and their pho and spring rolls are both great .	spring rolls	positive
our server recommended it the first time we went and it is addictive !	server	positive
they have a small menu that they can perfect each dish which is good .	menu	positive
they have a small menu that they can perfect each dish which is good .	dish	positive
and they have the best root beer .	root beer	positive
the service here was horrible .	service	negative
i really feel this is the worst walmart i 've ever been in .	walmart	negative
nice choice of fresh vegetables cooked in a stir fry !	fresh vegetables cooked	positive
nice choice of fresh vegetables cooked in a stir fry !	stir fry	positive
ugh ... i 'm still feeling green from this meal !	meal	negative
super friendly customer service !	customer service	positive
they have the best tortillas around and the prices are very good .	tortillas	positive
they have the best tortillas around and the prices are very good .	prices	positive
i have also put in _num_ , maybe more , work orders .	work orders	positive
i was horribly disappointed by my landscaping job .	landscaping job	negative
the staff here is extremely compassionate .	staff	positive
usually very friendly crowd .	crowd	positive
this store is great !	store	positive
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	executive chefs	negative
mushroom dish and pork chop were phenomenal !	mushroom dish	positive
mushroom dish and pork chop were phenomenal !	pork chop	positive
service was excellent and we had fun .	service	positive
did not bother us at all and the wait was worth it .	wait	positive
great egg white omlette .	egg white omlette	positive
dining experience started off really bad !	dining experience	negative
very reasonable prices especially for scottsdale !	prices	positive
very reasonable prices especially for scottsdale !	scottsdale	positive
my cash will be spent in other parts of phoenix from now on .	cash	negative
great place , otherwise !	place	positive
the guys are always friendly and the prices are fair .	guys	positive
the guys are always friendly and the prices are fair .	prices	positive
always a great night a papago !	papago	positive
there were no reserved signs on the tables .	reserved signs	negative
there were no reserved signs on the tables .	tables	negative
excellent place to watch football .	football	positive
i love love love the food here .	food	positive
new owners - huge improvement !	owners	positive
shocked , i replied `` because i wan na take a class . ''	class	negative
the place was packed !	place	negative
unfortunately , the waiter was nowhere to be found .	waiter	negative
wonderful staff and knowledgeable vets .	staff	positive
it works out to be a great value .	value	positive
the prices are great there .	prices	positive
delicious margaritas at the bar accompanied by hot , homemade tortillas .	margaritas	positive
delicious margaritas at the bar accompanied by hot , homemade tortillas .	bar	positive
delicious margaritas at the bar accompanied by hot , homemade tortillas .	homemade tortillas	positive
the food was eye pleasing and just as tasty .	food	positive
friendly service , reasonable prices , good selection .	service	positive
friendly service , reasonable prices , good selection .	prices	positive
friendly service , reasonable prices , good selection .	selection	positive
satisfied with the haircut that i received .	haircut	positive
fries are nothing to write home about .	fries	negative
no tip !	tip	negative
and i love that they are usually playing classical music in the background .	classical music	positive
( obviously , the actual treatment will vary from person to person . )	treatment	negative
if it was literally half the price this would be a 3-4 star review .	price	negative
good menu choices for the kids , and fast service .	menu choices	positive
good menu choices for the kids , and fast service .	service	positive
the seats are small and uncomfortable .	seats	negative
asked to use bathroom , guy just said no .	bathroom	negative
again showing the lack of care and preparation .	care	negative
like soggy to the point of being inedible mush .	mush	negative
the bottom is lined with cans .	bottom	negative
the bottom is lined with cans .	cans	negative
the place has some real history if you read the story on the menu .	place	positive
the place has some real history if you read the story on the menu .	menu	positive
it 's very classy spot .	spot	positive
then we waited ... _num_ minutes , _num_ minutes .	_num_	negative
and the food was marginal at best .	food	negative
clean , nice bartenders and convenient !	bartenders	positive
crappy food crappy service .	food	negative
crappy food crappy service .	service	negative
friendly techs .	techs	positive
very attentive server !	server	positive
so far this is my favorite mexican place in az !	mexican place	positive
the best hobby shop in town .	hobby shop	positive
i ordered the fiesta lime chicken , and it was a reheated nightmare .	fiesta lime chicken	negative
i wish it was possible to give this place negative stars .	place	negative
was even able to meet the chef , which is a great thing .	chef	positive
what happened to the scottsdale location , does anyone know ?	scottsdale location	negative
food is amazing especially for a sports bar .	food	positive
food is amazing especially for a sports bar .	sports bar	positive
very accommodating and the team that gets your glasses is great .	glasses	positive
$ _num_ for a one scoop sundae ?	sundae	positive
i searched around and they had the best deals .	deals	positive
personally , today for me , i just consumed wasted calories lol .	lol	negative
this the best mexican food in town !	mexican food	positive
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
lovely atmosphere beautiful location .	atmosphere	positive
lovely atmosphere beautiful location .	location	positive
she took great concern in what i wanted and expected in a haircut .	haircut	negative
i highly recommend this hospital and the staff .	hospital	positive
i highly recommend this hospital and the staff .	staff	positive
this place is great , it always has been !	place	positive
the bread was well let 's say i have had better .	bread	positive
the upscale shopping district setting also offers some good people watching .	shopping district setting	positive
great install , great customer service .	install	positive
great install , great customer service .	customer service	positive
this place is just damn good !	place	positive
the restaurant is elegant with a menu to match .	menu	positive
the salsa bar is very good .	salsa bar	positive
yelp says the location has closed .	location	negative
nice staff !	staff	positive
also , the price i paid was $ _num_ more then i was quoted .	price	negative
the quality is not there when it comes to the price .	quality	negative
the quality is not there when it comes to the price .	price	negative
great sushi .	sushi	positive
the guac is great , the hot wings are yummy .	guac	positive
the guac is great , the hot wings are yummy .	hot wings	positive
great menu with a lot of different things ( not just ice cream ) .	menu	positive
great menu with a lot of different things ( not just ice cream ) .	ice cream	positive
the multiple protein plate options on the menu give a nice variety .	multiple protein plate options	positive
the multiple protein plate options on the menu give a nice variety .	menu	positive
for a corner bar , its a winner !	corner bar	positive
keep up the good work !	work	positive
it is a great lunch value for tasty thai food .	lunch value	positive
it is a great lunch value for tasty thai food .	thai food	positive
i loved the place right away .	place	positive
i was really impressed by what a cool place it turned out to be .	place	positive
dinner was great tequila was amazing and the steak and enchiladas were awesome !	dinner	positive
dinner was great tequila was amazing and the steak and enchiladas were awesome !	tequila	positive
dinner was great tequila was amazing and the steak and enchiladas were awesome !	steak	positive
dinner was great tequila was amazing and the steak and enchiladas were awesome !	enchiladas	positive
great practice .	practice	positive
shrimp appetizer , bland , no flavor .	shrimp appetizer	negative
everyone loved the food .	food	positive
staff is friendly !	staff	positive
however , their drinks are awful .	drinks	negative
great company !	company	positive
i love the location .	location	positive
ice cream was rich and creamy !	ice cream	positive
ordered a small vegetarian pizza no cheese again !	vegetarian pizza no cheese	negative
worst customer service i have ever received !	customer service	negative
i felt that the price was very fair , and honest .	price	positive
first of all , we waited for about _num_ minutes to even get water .	water	negative
hey just want to say thanks to mark the general manager .	general manager	positive
free stuff = good .	stuff	positive
so i walked in the _num_ heat to an atm and back .	atm	negative
but the flavor of the steaks omg are amazing .	flavor	positive
but the flavor of the steaks omg are amazing .	steaks omg	positive
but overall they were good people !	people	positive
i 've interacted with two employees during my two visits here .	employees	negative
the coffee milkshake is a classic .	coffee milkshake	positive
this is a great italian grocery , and they have delicious prepared foods .	prepared foods	positive
molly is amazing !	molly	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
terrible selection of boxes .	selection of boxes	negative
also , there pumps are always out of service .	pumps	negative
the wings were disgusting .	wings	negative
the pool was amazing , and the service was great .	pool	positive
the pool was amazing , and the service was great .	service	positive
always love going to this place .	place	positive
service was good and for a great price .	service	positive
service was good and for a great price .	price	positive
ps : clientele is as pretentious as they say .	clientele	negative
this is my first and last time going to this dq .	dq	positive
since that time service has dropped to horrible levels .	service	negative
the place is fun and casual and in a cute area .	place	positive
the place is fun and casual and in a cute area .	area	positive
alcohol is expensive .	alcohol	negative
their big portions make it nice so that we can all share !	portions	positive
we had wonderful service and sat outside on the patio .	service	positive
we had wonderful service and sat outside on the patio .	patio	positive
the breakfast burritos are still excellent .	breakfast burritos	positive
not really expecting much but cold beer and hot food .	cold beer	positive
not really expecting much but cold beer and hot food .	hot food	positive
the open kitchen and decor make it very comfortable and fun .	open kitchen	positive
the open kitchen and decor make it very comfortable and fun .	decor	positive
service was top-notch , food was delicious .	service	positive
service was top-notch , food was delicious .	food	positive
great place to have an awesome time !	place	positive
the new location is even more convenient for us as well .	location	positive
the food was incredible .	food	positive
this place is sooooo cool !	place	positive
for a corporate steak house i was impressed and i enjoyed everything .	steak house	positive
nice place and selection , and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable .	place	positive
nice place and selection , and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable .	selection	positive
nice place and selection , and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
pretty nice store .	store	positive
the sauce was soooo good .	sauce	positive
cheapest drinks in town !	drinks	positive
food was fresh , well prepared and delicious .	food	positive
fresh pita bread and the meat was amazing and full of flavor .	pita bread	positive
fresh pita bread and the meat was amazing and full of flavor .	meat	positive
fresh pita bread and the meat was amazing and full of flavor .	flavor	positive
i love the complex .	complex	positive
next we had some appetizers ... beef skewers and pan fried dumplings .	appetizers	positive
next we had some appetizers ... beef skewers and pan fried dumplings .	beef skewers	positive
next we had some appetizers ... beef skewers and pan fried dumplings .	pan fried dumplings	positive
the office staff is very professional and friendly !	office staff	positive
great food , good service ... no complaints !	food	positive
great food , good service ... no complaints !	service	positive
i 'm not sure how this place has a _num_ star average rating .	place	negative
btw ... spinach au gratin was really tasty .	spinach au gratin	positive
growing up i always had the spaghetti with meatballs yum !	spaghetti with meatballs	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
excellent food & worth the wait & price .	food	positive
excellent food & worth the wait & price .	wait	positive
excellent food & worth the wait & price .	price	positive
there sushi is pretty good .	sushi	positive
small , cozy rooms make for intimate and romantic meals .	rooms	positive
small , cozy rooms make for intimate and romantic meals .	meals	positive
the young lady who explained everything and handled my appt was wonderful !	appt	positive
one of the best and most authentic greek food places in the valley .	greek food	positive
this has definitely become my go-to store for gifts and paper !	gifts	positive
they are friendly and enjoy their customers .	customers	positive
the service has always been excellent and the staff very friendly .	service	positive
the service has always been excellent and the staff very friendly .	staff	positive
his staff has no clue what 's going on either .	staff	negative
excellent dinner .	dinner	positive
i thought the staff was friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
i recommend this practice anyone looking for a great pediatrician .	pediatrician	positive
the salad has slices of fresh avocado and a delicious ranch dressing .	salad	positive
the salad has slices of fresh avocado and a delicious ranch dressing .	slices	positive
the salad has slices of fresh avocado and a delicious ranch dressing .	ranch dressing	positive
great service .	service	positive
i am still sitting at bar after _num_ minutes .	bar	negative
we loved it along with the guacamole dip .	guacamole dip	positive
the food did n't seem to be very fresh , but old .	food	negative
the price point is excellent for the quality of food !	price point	positive
the price point is excellent for the quality of food !	quality of food	positive
office is friendly and very helpful .	office	positive
the food is amazing !	food	positive
the food was awful and freezing cold .	food	negative
the beer selection is amazing .	beer selection	positive
good atmosphere for a date or group of people .	atmosphere	positive
shower , sinks , everything .	shower	positive
shower , sinks , everything .	sinks	positive
i usually call ahead for pick up and its always a smooth process .	pick	positive
i usually call ahead for pick up and its always a smooth process .	process	positive
office and staff were nice , doctor was great !	office	positive
office and staff were nice , doctor was great !	staff	positive
office and staff were nice , doctor was great !	doctor	positive
i do n't think i 've ever had a decent experience at this location .	location	negative
a small business with that kind of service !	service	negative
probably the 2nd best steak i 've had .	steak	positive
i have spent $ _num_ and have recieved nothing from this vet .	vet	negative
i took my _num_ month old puppy here .	puppy	positive
these guys were all nice but not very on the ball and generally overwhelmed .	guys	negative
great monkey pancakes !	monkey pancakes	positive
update : the customer service is outstanding .	customer service	positive
easy scheduling , prompt arrival , and efficient work .	scheduling	positive
easy scheduling , prompt arrival , and efficient work .	work	positive
i ordered the # _num_ , crunchy tacos .	#	positive
i ordered the # _num_ , crunchy tacos .	crunchy tacos	positive
next time i 'm in tempe i will definitely come here again !	tempe	positive
the owner is a doll and really makes you feel at home .	owner	positive
with out a doubt at one time a place to go .	place	negative
great spot to go to when you want to wash your own car !	spot	positive
just got two orders of crazy bread tonight and it 's freaking delicious .	bread	positive
the office ladies are awesome , very friendly and helpful .	office ladies	positive
worst customer service you 'll ever find in any industry , anywhere .	customer service	negative
this woman lost my dog after one day and i never found her .	dog	negative
i called the number twice and it just rang and rang .	number	negative
nice outside seating with fire pits .	outside seating	positive
nice outside seating with fire pits .	fire pits	positive
try the strips and sauce they are different but so good .	strips	positive
try the strips and sauce they are different but so good .	sauce	positive
the experience was positive and the work was done efficiently .	work	positive
no ... he works at fry 's electronics .	electronics	positive
i do love this place and will return for sure .	place	positive
probably the best persian i 've had .	persian	positive
parking is crap .	parking	negative
i 've never been late ever until i lost my job .	job	positive
however , i think the food is pretty bland .	food	negative
we got there and had to wait around _num_ minutes for a table .	table	negative
the _num_ stars comes from the worst facial i 've ever had .	facial	negative
this domino 's makes great food !	food	positive
also you can bring in food and snacks , at least we did .	food	positive
the tortellini soup is amazing and the many pasta dishes are wonderful .	tortellini soup	positive
the tortellini soup is amazing and the many pasta dishes are wonderful .	pasta dishes	positive
the staff at this scottsdale location has great customer service .	staff	positive
the staff at this scottsdale location has great customer service .	customer service	positive
totally worth the money .	money	positive
only had _num_ room with a double bed and the tv did n't work .	double bed	negative
only had _num_ room with a double bed and the tv did n't work .	tv	negative
great service , timely and very professional .	service	positive
nothing had any flavor at all !	flavor	negative
the food here is amazing !	food	positive
do not buy from these people .	people	negative
steamed mussels are fantastic .	steamed mussels	positive
this is a great place to spend the weekend .	place	positive
i 've definitely seen better motel _num_ 's in my lifetime .	motel _num_	positive
limited parking .	parking	negative
excellent dry cleaner !	dry cleaner	positive
so basically tasted watered down .	tasted	negative
great food .	food	positive
hardly a new york style pizza .	pizza	negative
this is a nice store , in a nice area , with nice people .	store	positive
this is a nice store , in a nice area , with nice people .	area	positive
this is a nice store , in a nice area , with nice people .	people	positive
pretty good and a true value for that price .	price	positive
i found this place on yelp .	place	negative
great food .	food	positive
overall , great time and i will definitely be back .	time	positive
lousy , lousy manager .	manager	negative
i put in my social security number and was refused .	social security number	negative
my falafel was mediocre .	falafel	negative
these folks seem to have their act well together .	folks	positive
flawless consistency every time .	consistency	positive
i ordered chicken eggplant .	chicken eggplant	positive
pools were great .	pools	positive
and instantly they say no they will redo them and change the color .	color	negative
really enjoyed everything for a great late lunch .	lunch	positive
keep in mind , the place is not busy .	place	positive
the pizza was quite good too .	pizza	positive
i 'm loving the gym !	gym	positive
excellent chain .	chain	positive
shortly after placing the order we were informed that there was no chicken .	chicken	negative
prices are also the best in town .	prices	positive
also their chairs suck , only does lower back .	chairs	negative
just had a great birthday dinner !	birthday dinner	positive
the seats are not the best but the movie was clear and sounded good .	seats	negative
the seats are not the best but the movie was clear and sounded good .	movie	positive
shame on you , nordstrom !	nordstrom	negative
great place to take kids !	place	positive
and it comes with fries !	fries	positive
the pasta was all supposed to be a scratch made ... a total lie .	pasta	negative
the rooms have recently been remodeled and are really nice .	rooms	positive
amazing dinner prime rib was cooked to perfection tender as could be .	dinner prime rib	positive
i really miss this festival !	festival	positive
this sheraton keeps its employees and manages the property very well .	sheraton	positive
this sheraton keeps its employees and manages the property very well .	employees	positive
best meatloaf ever .	meatloaf	positive
we are happy customers who highly recommend your diverse aaa of arizona service !	service	positive
the steak was extremely juicy , soft , and omg yummy !	steak	positive
the delivery was quick as well !	delivery	positive
service was poor .	service	negative
they also have great breakfast .	breakfast	positive
great customer service and saved us a lot of money .	customer service	positive
our waitress alex was outstanding and friendly .	waitress alex	positive
the recliners are beautiful and the craftsmanship is fantastic .	recliners	positive
it was very busy , but the service was great .	service	positive
both the food and the beer are unremarkable .	food	negative
both the food and the beer are unremarkable .	beer	negative
family owned and operated , and truly a hometown eatery .	eatery	positive
only _num_ tables were occupied at 7pm .	tables	negative
best dive bar in scottsdale .	dive bar	positive
attentive service made for a very enjoyable experience .	service	positive
amazing and friendly service too , every time !	service	positive
the end of the meal , no mention of it being our anniversary .	meal	negative
his pasta selections are amazing ... each one of them !	pasta selections	positive
the store feels like you 're going into a dirty walmart .	store	negative
the store feels like you 're going into a dirty walmart .	walmart	negative
delicious , good service , even when busy !	service	positive
its a excellent place to go for the whole family .	place	positive
great place- this is my preferred dunkin location when i 'm craving a donut .	place-	positive
great place- this is my preferred dunkin location when i 'm craving a donut .	dunkin location	positive
great place- this is my preferred dunkin location when i 'm craving a donut .	donut	positive
i highly recommend this place .	place	positive
other than it taking a long time , i was pleased with their service .	service	positive
i absolutely love their food and friendly staff .	food	positive
i absolutely love their food and friendly staff .	staff	positive
this towing company is rude .	towing company	negative
service is always prompt & courteous .	service	positive
the prosciutto , spinach and mushrooms are a great combination .	prosciutto	positive
the prosciutto , spinach and mushrooms are a great combination .	spinach	positive
the prosciutto , spinach and mushrooms are a great combination .	mushrooms	positive
awesome food , great chef ( s ) .	food	positive
awesome food , great chef ( s ) .	chef	positive
the oreo dessert is one of the best desserts in town .	oreo dessert	positive
my dog was not given the care he needed .	dog	negative
super clean suites , very friendly service and great rates .	suites	positive
super clean suites , very friendly service and great rates .	service	positive
super clean suites , very friendly service and great rates .	rates	positive
i 'm expecting some awesome food , but their food is so bland .	food	negative
i 'm expecting some awesome food , but their food is so bland .	food	negative
there were probably 4-5 people working and not many customers at all .	customers	negative
becky does my hair and i love her !	hair	positive
this one kfc location is by far above and beyond the rest .	kfc location	positive
keep it up guys .	guys	positive
our waiter ( did n't catch his name ) was great & very attentive .	waiter	positive
not at this place .	place	negative
the wine list as also decent and reasonable priced .	wine list	positive
the wine list as also decent and reasonable priced .	priced	positive
some of the worst service and management i 've ever seen !	service	negative
some of the worst service and management i 've ever seen !	management	negative
the food and the service was horrible .	food	negative
the food and the service was horrible .	service	negative
however i am still spending hard earned money .	earned money	negative
and the pizza 's great .	pizza	positive
the hotel is clean and the pool area is nice .	hotel	positive
the hotel is clean and the pool area is nice .	pool area	positive
saw the crowds as i drove by and stopped in .	crowds	negative
a job that should have taken no more than _num_ min .	job	negative
the salads were fresh and crispy .	salads	positive
the service is very fast and friendly at the same time .	service	positive
this is a no nonsense - customer service oriented family business .	customer service	positive
we saw annie get your gun at the palms theatre .	palms	negative
the prices for the complete dinner was very reasonable .	prices	positive
the prices for the complete dinner was very reasonable .	complete dinner	positive
this pic is the sicilian with pepperoni .	pic	positive
this pic is the sicilian with pepperoni .	sicilian with pepperoni	positive
the food was also incredible .	food	positive
i always have a great and pleasant shopping experience here .	shopping	positive
also , the staff was very courteous and friendly .	staff	positive
i ordered the jalapeno biscuits and gravy which were amazing .	jalapeno biscuits and gravy	positive
, i am disappointed in the service and the cleanliness .	service	negative
the lines are ridiculous .	lines	negative
a great place to go with a group so you can share !	place	positive
overall , love this place .	place	positive
thank you neal for your help .	neal	positive
is n't this the job of a travel agent ?	travel	positive
overall delicious meal .	meal	positive
my wife and i love this place !	place	positive
this place sucks stay away .	place	negative
this is a very nice library .	library	positive
it 's so refreshing to find a company who cares about their customers !	customers	positive
tomato sauce no seasoning awful .	tomato sauce	positive
this place is another lame attempt of a trendy sushi restaurant .	sushi	negative
the cheese crisp was divine .	cheese crisp	positive
rolls were delicious and unique .	rolls	positive
i hate this wal-mart .	wal-mart	negative
i said to make sure they put full synthetic oil not synthetic blend .	synthetic oil	negative
he does fabulous cosmetic dentistry as well ... .	cosmetic dentistry	positive
the food is n't bad and served late , always a plus .	food	positive
the food is n't bad and served late , always a plus .	served	positive
best cheese steak sub ever !	cheese steak sub	positive
very tender fresh chicken .	fresh chicken	positive
i fell for an upsell .	upsell	negative
regarding the food and the new menu , it was hot and tasty .	food	positive
regarding the food and the new menu , it was hot and tasty .	menu	positive
marquee has none of the above .	marquee	negative
great food and quick service , staff was very nice .	food	positive
great food and quick service , staff was very nice .	service	positive
great food and quick service , staff was very nice .	staff	positive
cool atmosphere , wonderful and friendly service , delicious food and awesome wine .	atmosphere	positive
cool atmosphere , wonderful and friendly service , delicious food and awesome wine .	service	positive
cool atmosphere , wonderful and friendly service , delicious food and awesome wine .	food	positive
cool atmosphere , wonderful and friendly service , delicious food and awesome wine .	wine	positive
classic ice cream parlor !	ice cream parlor	positive
they fixed every issue i had and the price is extremely reasonable .	price	positive
they did an excellent job , even the paint was a perfect match .	paint	positive
i love frank and lupe 's !	lupe 's	positive
if anyone knows me , they know my love for coffee .	coffee	positive
i love this store and its variety of japanese products .	store	positive
i love this store and its variety of japanese products .	japanese products	positive
i love devine 's !	devine	positive
the store was n't even that busy at the time .	store	negative
i highly recommend getting your wall and floor tile here .	wall	positive
i highly recommend getting your wall and floor tile here .	floor tile	positive
we were excited that the tree was less and assumed it was on sale .	tree	negative
overall though i highly recommend this spot !	spot	positive
i am a bit bummed at the wasted food and money .	food	negative
i am a bit bummed at the wasted food and money .	money	negative
no real education .	education	negative
i feel like i threw away money by going there .	money	negative
this place is n't worth your money .	place	negative
this place is n't worth your money .	money	negative
best experience !	experience	positive
this is the most professional , efficient dental office i 've ever encountered .	dental office	positive
indeed one of the best mediterranean restaurants in town !	mediterranean restaurants	positive
it 's very bad service .	service	negative
i can not wait until our lease is up to leave !	lease	positive
oh yeah ... the food was the best also .	food	positive
i 'm from chicago and a friend recommended this place .	place	positive
this is great italian food and wine .	italian food	positive
this is great italian food and wine .	wine	positive
this place is full of incompetent con artist !	place	negative
my favorite pizza so far in az .	pizza	positive
prices reasonable and fair .	prices	positive
they just got new tables and chairs .	tables and chairs	negative
it 's authentic mexican food .	mexican food	positive
i also like their lunch combos .	lunch combos	positive
quality italian food with great customer service .	italian food	positive
quality italian food with great customer service .	customer service	positive
room was quiet , well furnished , clean and bed was comfortable .	room	positive
room was quiet , well furnished , clean and bed was comfortable .	bed	positive
erica is an excellent stylist .	erica	positive
impeccable customer service !	customer service	positive
the lighting was dim making it hard to read the menu .	lighting	negative
the lighting was dim making it hard to read the menu .	menu	negative
but the bartender was great , offered personalized service .	bartender	positive
but the bartender was great , offered personalized service .	service	positive
this is my favorite pizza in the valley .	pizza	positive
our server was really helpful , and handled our table of _num_ well .	server	positive
our server was really helpful , and handled our table of _num_ well .	table of	positive
the bagels are always fresh , and the staff is very friendly .	bagels	positive
the bagels are always fresh , and the staff is very friendly .	staff	positive
slightly higher priced than some restaurants but definitely worth it .	priced	negative
it 's a great first date place !	first date place	positive
a must while in old town scottsdale !	scottsdale	positive
if you want new york pizza do n't bother coming here !	pizza	positive
corn bread was also good !	corn bread	positive
excellent cookies , excellent service .	cookies	positive
excellent cookies , excellent service .	service	positive
it is really clean store and well kept .	store	positive
this place brings my taste buds home every time i eat there .	place	positive
the clams were tender but the tartar sauce was horrible .	clams	positive
the clams were tender but the tartar sauce was horrible .	tartar sauce	negative
our waiter was so attentive .	waiter	positive
they made sure the job got done and done right .	job	positive
this place is amazing .	place	positive
the worst place you can go to .	place	negative
poor service around .	service	negative
just absolutely the best service that you can really find with bikes .	service	positive
just absolutely the best service that you can really find with bikes .	bikes	positive
love this place !	place	positive
would n't be a big deal except the rice is _num_ $ each .	rice	negative
cowboy ciao is fantastic !	cowboy ciao	positive
after another lengthy wait , my veggie burrito finally arrived .	wait	negative
after another lengthy wait , my veggie burrito finally arrived .	veggie burrito	positive
otherwise , had a great time with great treats .	treats	positive
service is excellent too .	service	positive
super nice girl .	girl	positive
there was no ac .	ac	negative
my black beans where also under cooked .	black beans	negative
sorry to report nice neighborhood place closed .	place	negative
good food and lots of liquor to choose from .	food	positive
good food and lots of liquor to choose from .	liquor	positive
_num_ miles away $ _num_ out of area fee .	fee	positive
beautiful weather and a great day to be hanging out on the front patio .	weather	positive
beautiful weather and a great day to be hanging out on the front patio .	front patio	positive
we absolutely love this place .	place	positive
the food is above average , the servers are very friendly .	food	positive
the food is above average , the servers are very friendly .	servers	positive
they do n't even serve me the cook does .	cook	negative
and their salsa is amazing , so fresh and tasty !	salsa	positive
our young man server was very sweet and pleasant .	server	positive
the service is nothing to desire for but their food is delicious .	service	negative
the service is nothing to desire for but their food is delicious .	food	positive
this place is full of enthusiastic sports fans and there are tv 's everywhere !	sports	positive
one of the best places to eat and date night spot in scottsdale !	places	positive
one of the best places to eat and date night spot in scottsdale !	spot	positive
i love this trader joe !	trader joe	positive
the worst place to eat .	place	negative
our meal was excellent , as was our sushi .	meal	positive
our meal was excellent , as was our sushi .	sushi	positive
this is a great spot for football and spring training .	spot	positive
this is a great spot for football and spring training .	football	positive
george and his wife are such amazing owners .	owners	positive
there are other flavors besides butter and garlic .	flavors	positive
there are other flavors besides butter and garlic .	butter	positive
there are other flavors besides butter and garlic .	garlic	positive
restaurant was way too loud .	restaurant	negative
great service and experts with maintenance !	service	positive
great service and experts with maintenance !	maintenance	positive
i ca n't believe that anyone likes this place !	place	negative
aaron was excellent and any problem that came up was excellent .	aaron	positive
i really enjoyed the fries as well .	fries	positive
we like ours with the mozzarella melted on top !	mozzarella	positive
thinking of just getting a cab and heading back home .	cab	negative
and couple keys would n't even stop ringing .	keys	negative
i 'd definitely recommend this hotel to others !	hotel	positive
my chicken skewers were dried out fatty and rubbery .	chicken skewers	negative
reliable service , fast , professional - awesome !	service	positive
it 's a great fry 's .	fry 's	positive
went to this location for years .	location	positive
this is a great place to shop for a new bike .	place	positive
this is a great place to shop for a new bike .	bike	positive
i agree with marcus s. just close the place already !	place	negative
good food , great price , good location !	food	positive
good food , great price , good location !	price	positive
good food , great price , good location !	location	positive
teachers are good but administration is terrible .	teachers	positive
teachers are good but administration is terrible .	administration	negative
the service was good but the food was mediocre .	service	positive
the service was good but the food was mediocre .	food	negative
what horrible horrible service .	service	negative
chips were cold and hard not warm and crispy .	chips	negative
our waitress was excellent with so much going on .	waitress	positive
great place to stay when you are in business and need something comfortable .	place	positive
cornbread best ever !	cornbread	positive
food is excellent considering the prices .	food	positive
food is excellent considering the prices .	prices	positive
everything was either fried or so salty i could not even eat it .	fried	negative
fixed some color issues on my hair and got a fabulous cut .	hair	positive
fixed some color issues on my hair and got a fabulous cut .	cut	positive
great food !	food	positive
the service was awful , which should have been my first sign .	service	negative
typical environment for places with good food .	environment	positive
typical environment for places with good food .	food	positive
everyone was super friendly and very chill .	everyone	positive
great balance .	balance	positive
bathrooms are always dirty , every single time .	bathrooms	negative
the doctor was fine , the front office he had was incompetent .	doctor	positive
the doctor was fine , the front office he had was incompetent .	front office	negative
the portion are huge so do n't be afraid to share .	portion	positive
keep up the good work .	work	positive
it 's a shady area with shady people and is no way luxury .	area	negative
it 's a shady area with shady people and is no way luxury .	people	negative
the pork chops marsala are delicious !	pork chops marsala	positive
ordered a personal pan with mushrooms to go .	personal pan with mushrooms	positive
the service was great , michael knowledgeable and accommodating .	service	positive
great cinnamon rolls .	cinnamon rolls	positive
their chips and salsa were tasty , and my wife 's burro was delectable .	chips	positive
their chips and salsa were tasty , and my wife 's burro was delectable .	salsa	positive
their chips and salsa were tasty , and my wife 's burro was delectable .	burro	positive
the live music is fun as well !	live music	positive
food is fresh and flavorful .	food	positive
the food was good , and our waitress was attentive .	food	positive
the food was good , and our waitress was attentive .	waitress	positive
people that are giving this place only _num_ stars are absolutely insane .	people	negative
people that are giving this place only _num_ stars are absolutely insane .	place	negative
it 's hair and it will grow back , but this just plain sucked !	hair	negative
because the longer you stay in the room the higher your bill .	room	negative
because the longer you stay in the room the higher your bill .	bill	negative
grabbed a quick lunch here with my son .	lunch	positive
i also have had a peanut butter breakfast shake which was so good .	peanut butter breakfast shake	positive
so , in comes the vet .	vet	positive
this old town landmark still serves the best ribs in the valley .	ribs	positive
and also presented a $ _num_ d & c happy birthday email .	$	positive
and also presented a $ _num_ d & c happy birthday email .	email	positive
the food was great quality and priced well .	food	positive
the food was great quality and priced well .	quality	positive
the food was great quality and priced well .	priced	positive
and i love that they have dr. brown 's soda .	dr.	positive
i highly recommend this spot !	spot	positive
ordered for pick up , price is decent and food was nice .	price	positive
ordered for pick up , price is decent and food was nice .	food	positive
they have great food and the people are truly fun to hang around .	food	positive
they have great food and the people are truly fun to hang around .	people	positive
love this place , the staff is amazing and the food is better .	place	positive
love this place , the staff is amazing and the food is better .	staff	positive
love this place , the staff is amazing and the food is better .	food	positive
_num_ minutes later we ordered , _num_ minutes from that we ate !	_num_	positive
i 've been to _num_ different original pancake house locations .	pancake house locations	positive
if you want authentic greek food , you will get the best here .	greek food	positive
if you do n't , they send it to collections .	collections	negative
he 's got a great selection of glasses and most contacts are in stock .	selection of glasses	positive
our server was very friendly and attentive .	server	positive
she then tells me that i am taking time away from helping other customers .	customers	negative
fries were also cold .	fries	negative
awesome place !	place	positive
great wings - a great place to go to watch a game .	wings	positive
great wings - a great place to go to watch a game .	place	positive
great wings - a great place to go to watch a game .	game	positive
the jalapeo mashed potatoes are delicious .	jalapeo mashed potatoes	positive
luckily , i do have a pizza cutter so it worked out .	pizza cutter	positive
this place is really bad .	place	negative
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .	skin care	positive
disorganized , a total mess , staff is anything but helpful .	staff	negative
the best mexican food around .	mexican food	positive
great food and great prices !	food	positive
great food and great prices !	prices	positive
the staff is awesome .	staff	positive
really lovely place .	place	positive
although not authentic , george & son 's has pretty good chinese food .	chinese food	positive
the food was great , inexpensive and plentiful .	food	positive
this place is a gem !	place	positive
needless to say , we are totally done with starbucks .	starbucks	negative
great food and the happy hour is the best .	food	positive
free cooked to order breakfast and free happy hour was a plus .	breakfast	positive
the office staff gets zero stars .	office staff	negative
they claimed that they lost their copy of my apartment key .	apartment key	negative
everything i 've had on the menu has been excellent .	menu	positive
then deep fried or pan fried .	deep	positive
then deep fried or pan fried .	pan	positive
i chose this place because of rating on yelp .	rating	positive
the girl who normally helps me is fantastic !	girl	positive
great place !	place	positive
amateur night is best left for other venues which cater to cheap karaoke .	amateur night	positive
amateur night is best left for other venues which cater to cheap karaoke .	karaoke	positive
clean , friendly staff , and a variety of items .	staff	positive
servers were a little slow , but nice .	servers	negative
he said he would have to grab the store manager to assist us .	store manager	negative
i had buffalo style shrimp with blue cheese grits .	buffalo style shrimp with blue cheese grits	positive
but one we got food , the pizza was impressive .	food	positive
but one we got food , the pizza was impressive .	pizza	positive
good value and good service .	value	positive
good value and good service .	service	positive
low quality pressed ham with a canned pineapple glaze .	pressed ham with	negative
low quality pressed ham with a canned pineapple glaze .	canned pineapple glaze	negative
atmosphere was great and our server was very friendly and accommodating !	atmosphere	positive
atmosphere was great and our server was very friendly and accommodating !	server	positive
every time i go there the service is phenomenal and the food is delicious .	service	positive
every time i go there the service is phenomenal and the food is delicious .	food	positive
oh , and the hostess was smoking hookah while serving us .	hostess	negative
oh , and the hostess was smoking hookah while serving us .	hookah	negative
my mom has taken group lessons here and really enjoys it .	group lessons	positive
this store though has some horrible associates .	store	negative
this store though has some horrible associates .	associates	negative
the greatest place in the world .	place	positive
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .	pieces	negative
it was so bad , i wish they could get negative stars .	stars	negative
stopped here to get some food real quick .	food	positive
the waitress had suggested that i substitute half my rice for small greek salad .	waitress	positive
the waitress had suggested that i substitute half my rice for small greek salad .	rice	negative
the waitress had suggested that i substitute half my rice for small greek salad .	greek salad	negative
it was the most unappealing unappetizing dinner we have ever had .	dinner	negative
the edges were so tough i could n't get my plastic fork through it .	edges	negative
once you arrive , parking often takes _num_ minutes or more .	parking	negative
if you ever get the chance , go to their ladies ' nights !	ladies	positive
the salon is fine but colleen , the stylist is amazing .	salon	positive
had a great breakfast .	breakfast	positive
the rooms were large and the bathrooms great .	rooms	positive
the rooms were large and the bathrooms great .	bathrooms	positive
service was great , beer was cold .	service	positive
service was great , beer was cold .	beer	negative
the service was horrible to top off the experience .	service	negative
he said he would be happy to have a look at my camera .	camera	positive
love the food and will be going back .	food	positive
great beer , and darts .	beer	positive
great beer , and darts .	darts	positive
we order a _num_ korean chicken quesadilla and a _num_ kale caesar salad .	korean chicken quesadilla	positive
we order a _num_ korean chicken quesadilla and a _num_ kale caesar salad .	kale caesar salad	positive
the chicken was cooked through , but still cold .	chicken	negative
very consistent and an attentive staff that has been there for years and years .	staff	positive
the staff is always friendly and accommodating and my technician does a great job .	staff	positive
the staff is always friendly and accommodating and my technician does a great job .	technician	positive
slightly below room temp is all your getting out of their current appliance .	room	negative
slightly below room temp is all your getting out of their current appliance .	appliance	negative
the horseradish sauce was absolutely divine .	horseradish sauce	positive
never had food there but the pizza looks good .	food	positive
never had food there but the pizza looks good .	pizza	positive
love supporting a local business .	business	positive
new manager is kicking a !	manager	positive
love love love love this place .	place	positive
service is friendly and fast .	service	positive
got to watch planes take off while eating - great for kids !	planes	positive
this place is delicious !	place	positive
fresh , beautiful , bright flowers !	flowers	positive
place looks like crap .	place	negative
crowded bar , but good service .	bar	negative
crowded bar , but good service .	service	positive
maybe the winter chef goes north once summer comes ?	winter chef	positive
the servers are personable and friendly .	servers	positive
the service is awesome and friendly .	service	positive
the individuals in the office do not care about tenants at all .	individuals	negative
the individuals in the office do not care about tenants at all .	tenants	negative
there was a gross smell inside which other reviewers said was mold .	smell	negative
there was a gross smell inside which other reviewers said was mold .	mold	negative
my favorite breakfast place !	breakfast place	positive
my new spot , for sure .	spot	positive
arrived rang the door bell once , waited _num_ minutes and rang it again .	door bell	negative
fantastic place !	place	positive
these guys are honest , fast , personable , and consummate professionals .	professionals	positive
the food was on point and the atmosphere was great .	food	positive
the food was on point and the atmosphere was great .	atmosphere	positive
i think mcdonald 's ice coffee is better .	mcdonald 's ice coffee	positive
service was horrible !	service	negative
the sushi and specials are very good and the staff is always friendly .	sushi	positive
the sushi and specials are very good and the staff is always friendly .	staff	positive
these machines did n't , but i still got a decent workout . )	machines	negative
great food , great service .	food	positive
great food , great service .	service	positive
happy taco tuesday !	taco tuesday	positive
this place does n't have everything , but the customer service is excellent .	customer service	positive
so rare to find fast food places with such good quality and service .	quality	positive
so rare to find fast food places with such good quality and service .	service	positive
these were pretty good , however i prefer them steamed to fried .	steamed to fried	positive
what a great clinic .	clinic	positive
awesome prices !	prices	positive
forced to pay them to package a box they shipped me themselves .	box	negative
the full bar has a lot to offer as well .	full bar	positive
i always take some home for lunch the next day .	lunch	positive
i tell them my situation and instantly they asked if i came from midas .	situation	negative
is under new ownership and new management .	management	positive
seafood also .	seafood	positive
we could hardly have one slice each .	slice	negative
really stressed to leave them off the plate .	plate	negative
great brownies ... .	brownies	positive
it 's a nice pretty cheap steakhouse , i definitely recommend it !	steakhouse	positive
the bills were all wrong .	bills	negative
service was attentive and friendly .	service	positive
damn place is a joke and so is expedia !	place	negative
overall it was great service and great food .	service	positive
overall it was great service and great food .	food	positive
anyways , the deserts we had were amazing .	deserts	positive
he is an amazing massage therapist , you wo n't be disappointed .	massage therapist	positive
gorgeous view .	view	positive
i also had a cheeseburger with fries and it was delicious !	cheeseburger with fries	positive
good selection of snacks ( loaded up for the hotel room ) .	selection of snacks	positive
best ny style slice in az .	slice	positive
that does not make sense as this was not mentioned in the offer .	offer	negative
really good entrees .	entrees	positive
great late night eats spot !	eats spot	positive
love my neighborhood discount tires !	neighborhood discount tires	positive
the rice was probably my biggest complaint .	rice	negative
it 's a tuesday night and the place is totally empty .	place	negative
all the right stuff !	stuff	positive
anyways , the food was really good .	food	positive
never have i been treated so badly by an owner of a restaurant .	owner	negative
please go and visit coffee cove , you wo n't be sorry you did !	coffee cove	positive
wow great food and service .	food	positive
wow great food and service .	service	positive
there were no drink prices listed anywhere .	drink prices	negative
you can find lots of gifts that are rare and the price is right !	gifts	positive
you can find lots of gifts that are rare and the price is right !	price	positive
a very bad excuse for crab cakes .	crab cakes	negative
great service and fresh food .	service	positive
great service and fresh food .	food	positive
all the servers treat you like you 've been coming there for years .	servers	negative
good carne adovada !	carne adovada	positive
the fondue was pretty crappy .	fondue	negative
it could have been cooked for a few hours longer .	cooked	negative
stopped in and joshua was available right away to help me .	joshua	positive
the chop salad is amazing .	chop salad	positive
we started with spinach artichoke dip which was so good !	spinach artichoke dip	positive
i would recommend pizza hut over gus 's ... any day .	pizza hut	positive
what little meat there was , was n't horrible .	meat	negative
the food was exceptional and our guests enjoyed the menu immensely .	food	positive
the food was exceptional and our guests enjoyed the menu immensely .	menu	positive
both meals were excellent .	meals	positive
we just had a generally bad experience with this place .	place	negative
parking can be really annoying too .	parking	negative
this place does n't even deserve _num_ star .	place	negative
i 've really grown to hate applebees ... so why do i go ?	applebees	negative
there was about _num_ % bread going on here .	bread	negative
`` happy hour '' was extremely limited in terms of drink & food .	drink	negative
`` happy hour '' was extremely limited in terms of drink & food .	food	negative
love seeing don still walk the floor and so interactive with the crew .	crew	positive
she then handed me a menu .	menu	positive
they took our reservation -- no problem .	reservation	positive
basically that we could not get water , and it was _num_ degrees outside !	water	negative
and no surprise because the wine was bad .	wine	negative
firstly it would n't take my debit card .	debit card	negative
was a nice , well laid out store for its size .	store	positive
for a sports bar , the food is pretty good .	sports bar	positive
for a sports bar , the food is pretty good .	food	positive
the food was really well done .	food	positive
the only person in this whole place who was friendly was the receptionist .	receptionist	positive
it 's one of my family 's favorite restaurants .	restaurants	positive
the service here is always great and they are friendly and quick !	service	positive
the crust is so good , you could just eat crust and be happy !	crust	positive
the crust is so good , you could just eat crust and be happy !	crust	positive
i was surprised how good this place was .	place	positive
my favorite dish had its own sign but nothing was there in its place .	dish	negative
my favorite dish had its own sign but nothing was there in its place .	sign	negative
plenty of other places in the area to direct your hard earned money towards .	area	positive
now they bring a bowl with cheap strawberry jelly .	bowl	positive
now they bring a bowl with cheap strawberry jelly .	strawberry jelly	positive
high prices , but they have great sales .	prices	negative
high prices , but they have great sales .	sales	positive
their salsa is full of flavor and chips home made .	salsa	positive
their salsa is full of flavor and chips home made .	flavor	positive
their salsa is full of flavor and chips home made .	chips	positive
amazing restaurant !	restaurant	positive
they give back the wrong change constantly .	change	negative
the rice was bland and room temperature as was the beans .	rice	negative
the rice was bland and room temperature as was the beans .	beans	negative
even with the great beer price , i will not go back .	beer price	positive
the bakery goods are fresh and yummy everyday .	bakery goods	positive
such wonderful food and service .	food	positive
such wonderful food and service .	service	positive
oh and you have to pay almost $ _num_ for chips and salsa .	chips	negative
oh and you have to pay almost $ _num_ for chips and salsa .	salsa	negative
dang ... julio 's dishes out some pretty tasty mexican food !	mexican food	positive
breakfast burrito and lots of extra hot sauce .	breakfast burrito	positive
breakfast burrito and lots of extra hot sauce .	extra hot sauce	positive
the monkey cakes are also some of the best pancakes i 've ever had .	monkey cakes	positive
the monkey cakes are also some of the best pancakes i 've ever had .	pancakes	positive
wow - such horribly disappointing mexican food .	mexican food	negative
my husband got my original engagement ring at this kay jewelers .	engagement ring	positive
the store is clean and well laid out .	store	positive
what an imaginative menu !	menu	positive
always a great place to go for good food without the high prices .	food	positive
always a great place to go for good food without the high prices .	prices	positive
a haircut , manicure , facial and a follow up haircut .	haircut	positive
a haircut , manicure , facial and a follow up haircut .	facial	positive
a haircut , manicure , facial and a follow up haircut .	haircut	positive
amazing olive bread toast with raspberry jelly .	olive bread toast with raspberry jelly	positive
how hard is it to make chicken wings ?	chicken wings	negative
the outdoor volleyball area is very nice .	outdoor volleyball area	positive
the hostess did n't even apologize .	hostess	negative
and our waitress took about _num_ minutes to bring us our check .	waitress	negative
and our waitress took about _num_ minutes to bring us our check .	check	negative
for a fast food burger place , it 's pretty good .	burger place	positive
i do n't know how this place stays in business .	place	negative
drinks gone , food gone .	drinks	negative
drinks gone , food gone .	food	negative
i 'm not one of the corn people .	corn people	negative
i 've never had a chicago style deep dish pizza before .	deep dish pizza	positive
the grounds are well maintained .	grounds	positive
its a great place to start with your friends before you hit the clubs .	place	positive
good location .	location	positive
this is my all time favorite and birthday every year restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the beef kabob was moist and flavorful and served with everything i like .	beef kabob	positive
the beef kabob was moist and flavorful and served with everything i like .	served	positive
so $ _num_ off the tab was the only option they given me.	tab	positive
best food and service around !	food	positive
best food and service around !	service	positive
they did n't even wrap our pita 's in pita bread !	pita	negative
they did n't even wrap our pita 's in pita bread !	pita bread	negative
had a great conversation with the owner about her shop and az history .	owner	positive
had a great conversation with the owner about her shop and az history .	shop	positive
had a great conversation with the owner about her shop and az history .	az history	positive
order large cream of broccoli soup in a bread bowl .	cream of broccoli soup	positive
order large cream of broccoli soup in a bread bowl .	bread bowl	positive
very good meal .	meal	positive
i was very happy with the people here .	people	positive
i had been here several years ago and remember the amazing massage i received .	massage	positive
it was one of the worst customer service experiences of my life .	customer service	negative
great customer service and very fast .	customer service	positive
salsa is fresh and chips are the best .	salsa	positive
salsa is fresh and chips are the best .	chips	positive
plus the food has always been delicious and inexpensive .	food	positive
the service was amazing the food was phenomenal .	service	positive
the service was amazing the food was phenomenal .	food	positive
great place as all the other yelpers have said .	place	positive
love the modern look to this place and is very good food .	food	positive
the portions here are truly large and the meat is very high quality .	portions	positive
the portions here are truly large and the meat is very high quality .	meat	positive
food was fresh and good , prices were fair .	food	positive
food was fresh and good , prices were fair .	prices	positive
service was great !	service	positive
good breakfast food .	breakfast food	positive
the place is not cheap and you are not getting your money 's worth .	place	negative
great customer service , great products .	customer service	positive
great customer service , great products .	products	positive
troy was exceptional !	troy	positive
the pastas and meatball sandwiches here are delicious !	pastas	positive
the pastas and meatball sandwiches here are delicious !	meatball sandwiches	positive
the service was fine .	service	positive
the atmosphere in the shop was so friendly .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere in the shop was so friendly .	shop	positive
nice to find a area with a little flavor in scottsdale .	area	positive
i wish , now , i had gone with a different shop .	shop	positive
this location has a real bad management issues - avoid this place !	location	negative
this location has a real bad management issues - avoid this place !	management	negative
the people working there are all awesome and friendly .	people	positive
great quality food and the service is great .	quality food	positive
great quality food and the service is great .	service	positive
i miss the picnic company i know and love !	picnic company	positive
we also like the ambiance ... cozy , quiet music that matches the cuisine .	ambiance	positive
we also like the ambiance ... cozy , quiet music that matches the cuisine .	music	positive
we also like the ambiance ... cozy , quiet music that matches the cuisine .	cuisine	positive
also , watch your drinks .	drinks	positive
the jumbo shrimp cocktail is definitely jumbo !	jumbo shrimp cocktail	positive
dark , tired rooms .	rooms	negative
management is rude and obnoxious .	management	negative
it was an enjoyable and tasty breakfast !	breakfast	positive
i 've been to better breakfast joints !	breakfast joints	positive
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .	franchise	positive
anyways , the coffee was sub-par and the waffle was stone cold .	coffee	negative
anyways , the coffee was sub-par and the waffle was stone cold .	waffle	negative
we got an assortment of sushi , rolls , sashimi , etc .	assortment of sushi , rolls	positive
we got an assortment of sushi , rolls , sashimi , etc .	sashimi	positive
but they do n't have any ideas for nail art .	nail art	negative
the pork was so tender !	pork	positive
and i will continue to patronize this now customer service oriented establishment !	customer service	positive
they pass up a lot of business people won ' [ t wait .	business	negative
ordered a omelet and the waitress asked how do you want your eggs .	omelet	positive
ordered a omelet and the waitress asked how do you want your eggs .	waitress	positive
ordered a omelet and the waitress asked how do you want your eggs .	eggs	positive
either way , the customer service sucked .	customer service	negative
i will never go back there because the food is so bad .	food	negative
she made my day even worse then it was !	day	negative
nice seating .	seating	positive
great place for a hearty meal and not expensive !	meal	positive
this place was amazing !	place	positive
patio in the back has a great atmosphere .	patio	positive
patio in the back has a great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the bagels are surely delicious and lunch is just as good .	bagels	positive
the bagels are surely delicious and lunch is just as good .	lunch	positive
this gym has nice new equipment .	gym	positive
this gym has nice new equipment .	equipment	positive
there are plenty of delicious bar food dishes to choose from .	bar food dishes	positive
i 'll be adding them to my `` best burger '' list .	burger	positive
the smoothies are great , but the customer service is awful .	smoothies	positive
the smoothies are great , but the customer service is awful .	customer service	negative
the worst motel _num_ is better kept up than this .	motel _num_	negative
i would n't step inside this store again .	store	negative
helen is the best !	helen	positive
the sea bass was amazing !	sea bass	positive
great service , great atmosphere , and great food !	service	positive
great service , great atmosphere , and great food !	atmosphere	positive
great service , great atmosphere , and great food !	food	positive
big , tasty & filled with guacamole !	guacamole	positive
short order kitchen staff keeps everything very clean .	kitchen staff	positive
great service , quality , and price !	service	positive
great service , quality , and price !	quality	positive
great service , quality , and price !	price	positive
i would stay away from this business unless you like to gamble .	business	negative
the husband enjoyed his bean and cheese burrito .	bean and cheese burrito	positive
house chianti nice .	house chianti	positive
i love they offer small & large portions , perfect for sharing .	portions	positive
it sucks for the patron .	patron	negative
it 's not the same owners , but the food is really good .	owners	negative
it 's not the same owners , but the food is really good .	food	positive
good food and a neighborhood bar feel that just says , have a drink .	food	positive
good food and a neighborhood bar feel that just says , have a drink .	bar	positive
good food and a neighborhood bar feel that just says , have a drink .	drink	positive
friendly service and great times .	service	positive
try the qt kitchen ... amazing fresh and fast food .	food	positive
when we asked asked for the straws she literally threw them on the table .	straws	negative
the food that was suppose to be hot was luke warm .	food	positive
if you are looking for guitar experts this is your place !	guitar	positive
king gyro 's is a hit .	king gyro 's	positive
* service started out good , but for some reason our waiter disappeared .	service	positive
* service started out good , but for some reason our waiter disappeared .	waiter	negative
i do n't know why i keep coming back to this place .	place	negative
great food too !	food	positive
good cocktails .	cocktails	positive
awesome place !	place	positive
a great deal ( beware , bar is crowded . )	bar	negative
i am the owner of devine 's .	owner	positive
the bar decor is that awesome cowboy look .	bar decor	positive
great food !	food	positive
excellent work , excellent customer service .	work	positive
excellent work , excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
a lot of love goes into their food and it comes with great ambience .	food	positive
a lot of love goes into their food and it comes with great ambience .	ambience	positive
good food for the money , not great but good .	food	positive
good food for the money , not great but good .	money	positive
i would highly recommend the beef cheesesteak - it is my all time favorite .	beef cheesesteak	positive
our shirts were so beautiful and the artwork was fantastic !	shirts	positive
our shirts were so beautiful and the artwork was fantastic !	artwork	positive
when buying a home , you have a choice .	home	positive
a great little place to stop and have breakfast in downtown chandler .	breakfast	positive
support your local businesses people .	businesses	positive
i highly recommend rumors salon and even more so amanda .	rumors salon	positive
the place really needs a few coats of paint and some cleaning up .	place	negative
great for lunch , brunch , dinner or happy hour .	lunch	positive
slowest `` fast food '' place i 've ever been .	fast food	positive
slowest `` fast food '' place i 've ever been .	place	negative
this place is adorable .	place	positive
i love shopping at this store !	store	positive
the pasta was bland and the meat sauce - also bland .	pasta	negative
the pasta was bland and the meat sauce - also bland .	meat sauce	negative
carol and dr. julie were outstanding .	dr.	positive
highly recommend - you ca n't find food like this everywhere .	food	positive
sometimes the dressing tastes tangy , other times it 's salty .	dressing	negative
they have great quality boutique style clothing and jewelry for women of all ages .	boutique	positive
they have great quality boutique style clothing and jewelry for women of all ages .	jewelry	positive
i always get the four cheese rigatoni , and it is very good .	four cheese rigatoni	positive
its the worst customer service .	customer service	negative
this is a nice intimate , affordable and convenient comedy club .	comedy club	positive
well first it 's not a biscuit .	biscuit	negative
love the beer , especially at happy hour or thirsty thursday .	beer	positive
this place is just bad news .	place	negative
dishonest tactics have led me to sell higher quality items elsewhere .	items	negative
they pack their gyros with meat ... .	gyros	negative
they pack their gyros with meat ... .	meat	negative
the dinner i had here was absolutely fabulous !	dinner	positive
nothing at all memorable about this place .	place	negative
they always have me covered at a fair price .	price	negative
first , the service is outstanding !	service	positive
they really need to work on their hospitality skills .	hospitality	negative
the food is alright , but i come here mainly for the beer !	food	positive
the food is alright , but i come here mainly for the beer !	beer	positive
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	thai place	negative
the food was excellent .	food	positive
also their salsa is pretty good and spicy .	salsa	positive
all the staff is very friendly especially the hostess carrie !	staff	positive
all the staff is very friendly especially the hostess carrie !	hostess	positive
i love sweet things but this was too much .	things	positive
it 's quiet , cozy , and has really interesting decor .	decor	positive
the food is good but slightly pricy , and service is efficient and friendly .	food	positive
the food is good but slightly pricy , and service is efficient and friendly .	service	positive
the guys here are super nice and friendly .	guys	positive
eggs were well made & delicious .	eggs	positive
will definitely return for any future repairs .	repairs	positive
nothing came close to tasting anything like chinese food .	chinese food	negative
grabbed a roast beef and cheddar sandwich for $ _num_ .	roast beef and cheddar sandwich	positive
great way to spend a hour and a half in the phoenix area !	area	positive
too bad she has to work with horrible people .	people	negative
amazing service .	service	positive
nice staff .	staff	positive
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	pizza	negative
they have such a large selection of boots and cute clothes .	clothes	positive
the staff was more than accommodating and the environment very pleasant .	staff	positive
the staff was more than accommodating and the environment very pleasant .	environment	positive
the event really made us want to go back for dinner !	dinner	positive
staff is always rocking and fast .	staff	positive
i really recommend this place if you like spicy food .	place	positive
i really recommend this place if you like spicy food .	spicy food	positive
what great food & service .	food	positive
what great food & service .	service	positive
the food was delicious !	food	positive
had to wait _num_ min to get chicken and old tasting side dishes .	chicken	negative
had to wait _num_ min to get chicken and old tasting side dishes .	side dishes	negative
the filet that was ordered at the table was fabulous .	filet	positive
sides are good and feed _num_ .	sides	positive
sides are good and feed _num_ .	feed _num_	positive
the food was out dated and over cooked .	food	negative
however , there would not be any manager on shift until tomorrow afternoon .	manager	negative
plus they have good wifi .	wifi	positive
this place rocks .	place	positive
both of these items are on the happy hour menu .	menu	positive
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	deli food	positive
i do n't get the crust .	crust	negative
fresh fruits and veggies at a super cheap price .	fresh fruits	positive
fresh fruits and veggies at a super cheap price .	veggies	positive
fresh fruits and veggies at a super cheap price .	price	positive
love love loved the place ... .	place	positive
i came here with a group of _num_ people for lunch .	lunch	positive
my car was returned with the bumper plastic guard broke .	bumper plastic guard	negative
you can eat and drink for an unbeatable price .	price	positive
she did my daughters piercing , was super cool and friendly .	daughters	positive
great place .	place	positive
but the cleanliness is seriously , seriously lacking .	cleanliness	negative
skimpy skimpy pours on wine , almost ridiculously so .	skimpy	negative
skimpy skimpy pours on wine , almost ridiculously so .	wine	negative
_num_ because the price is right .	price	positive
they have a good selection of traditional dishes and mexican breakfast dishes .	mexican breakfast dishes	positive
an excellent date place !	date place	positive
there is something special about the delicious ricotta with the other flavors .	delicious ricotta	positive
there is something special about the delicious ricotta with the other flavors .	flavors	positive
the other table gets their beers and sushi ... still nothing !	table	negative
the other table gets their beers and sushi ... still nothing !	beers	negative
the other table gets their beers and sushi ... still nothing !	sushi	negative
great customer service .	customer service	positive
the dining area was very clean .	dining area	positive
the egg rolls were ok , they could have been more crunchy .	egg rolls	negative
& mgr .	mgr	positive
on the bright side the monkey pancake was awesome .	monkey pancake	positive
nowhere near good enough food for the shitty service .	food	negative
nowhere near good enough food for the shitty service .	service	negative
great service and authentic german food tastes sooooo good .	service	positive
great service and authentic german food tastes sooooo good .	german food	positive
the tobacco is great , and their cigar selection is awesome as well .	tobacco	positive
the tobacco is great , and their cigar selection is awesome as well .	cigar selection	positive
as always , they have great displays and cool pop stuff .	displays	positive
as always , they have great displays and cool pop stuff .	pop stuff	positive
the cake was delicious !	cake	positive
i 've had better margaritas at places with better menus .	margaritas	positive
i 've had better margaritas at places with better menus .	menus	positive
good quality for the price .	quality	positive
good quality for the price .	price	positive
service good .	service	positive
the breakfast club happens to be a rare gem in a prime location .	breakfast club	positive
the breakfast club happens to be a rare gem in a prime location .	location	positive
i had a wonderful experience this evening purchasing my new purse and wallet .	purse	positive
i had a wonderful experience this evening purchasing my new purse and wallet .	wallet	positive
the bar food is really good !	bar food	positive
i pay over _num_ dollars every month for a tiny one bedroom apartment .	apartment	negative
plus , i instantly have long , beautiful hair !	hair	positive
the flavor of the dishes were average with nothing standing out .	flavor	negative
the flavor of the dishes were average with nothing standing out .	dishes	negative
i highly recommend this veterinary office .	veterinary office	positive
i love their selections of beers !	selections of beers	positive
and whatever you do , do n't forget to close your tab !	tab	positive
this is hands down the worst company i have ever dealt with .	company	negative
the worst service !	service	negative
best mushroom enchilada 's in town !	mushroom enchilada	positive
_num_ minutes after that the single beer my dad ordered came .	beer	negative
go for the viva las vegas , fantastic !	viva las	positive
the room smelled like old popcorn when we arrived late in the afternoon .	room	negative
no freakin rice .	rice	negative
a good place to take visitors from out-of-town for a unique scottsdale experience .	place	positive
a good place to take visitors from out-of-town for a unique scottsdale experience .	scottsdale	positive
enjoyed wine on tap too !	wine on tap	positive
however , lately my visits to this store have been a huge joke .	store	negative
and this walgreens is so freaking clean and neat .	walgreens	positive
my patio faces the green , disgusting pool .	patio	negative
my patio faces the green , disgusting pool .	pool	negative
grab a beer .	beer	positive
we had appetizers and entrees and they were so great .	appetizers	positive
we had appetizers and entrees and they were so great .	entrees	positive
that is ridiculous , i want to warn people of their inflated prices .	prices	negative
my coffee was also cold which was a complete shame .	coffee	negative
such great service and atmosphere !	service	positive
such great service and atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
great shop !	shop	positive
fast food hong kong tastes like fast food chinese in usa .	fast	positive
fast food hong kong tastes like fast food chinese in usa .	hong	positive
its a pretty big place with a patio for smokers outside .	place	positive
its a pretty big place with a patio for smokers outside .	patio	positive
its a pretty big place with a patio for smokers outside .	smokers	positive
i went to the biltmore and alas that location was gone .	biltmore	negative
i went to the biltmore and alas that location was gone .	location	negative
i love their bread .	bread	positive
they recently renovated the pool area .	pool area	positive
love the food , the service is above average and so are the prices .	food	positive
love the food , the service is above average and so are the prices .	service	positive
love the food , the service is above average and so are the prices .	prices	positive
i also love their the lobster .	lobster	positive
this place , staff , management and corporate do n't deserve any starts !	place	negative
this place , staff , management and corporate do n't deserve any starts !	staff	negative
this place , staff , management and corporate do n't deserve any starts !	management	negative
great service , selection , great staff and very reasonable prices .	service	positive
great service , selection , great staff and very reasonable prices .	staff	positive
great service , selection , great staff and very reasonable prices .	prices	positive
i have two cats and feel _num_ % confident that they receive great care .	care	positive
i 've been eating here for years and i love this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
very thorough and professional tech and medical staff .	tech	positive
very thorough and professional tech and medical staff .	medical staff	positive
very disappointed with the customer service .	customer service	negative
the food is always good , and most of the waitresses .	food	positive
the food is always good , and most of the waitresses .	waitresses	positive
our little girl loved watching the planes take off while she enjoyed her pancakes !	planes	positive
our little girl loved watching the planes take off while she enjoyed her pancakes !	pancakes	positive
highly recommend her for any of your waxing needs .	waxing	positive
i 've become a regular customer of this place .	place	positive
my husband had a delicious bourbon soaked salmon with sweet potatoe ravioli .	bourbon soaked salmon with sweet potatoe ravioli	positive
the staff is rude and not helpful .	staff	negative
my dog was not walking pretty much at all .	dog	negative
because the pizza had changed , it was n't vito 's old pizza !	pizza	negative
because the pizza had changed , it was n't vito 's old pizza !	pizza	negative
pools are yellow and dirty all the time .	pools	negative
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	cut and color	positive
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	sage	positive
and i really love the avocado torta .	avocado torta	positive
no stars cheba hut .	cheba hut	negative
everything is very very fresh and the service is good .	service	positive
strong coffee .	coffee	positive
i go here for the drive thru since it 's pretty quick .	drive thru	positive
steaks are very good .	steaks	positive
the atmosphere , service and food here is simply outstanding .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere , service and food here is simply outstanding .	service	positive
the atmosphere , service and food here is simply outstanding .	food	positive
the atmosphere was very nice as was the staff .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere was very nice as was the staff .	staff	positive
service was some of the best that we have ever had .	service	positive
the sauce they use is very flavorful , and the pita bread is great .	sauce	positive
the sauce they use is very flavorful , and the pita bread is great .	pita bread	positive
our server was and the owner was not here .	server	negative
our server was and the owner was not here .	owner	negative
the guacamole is great as well !	guacamole	positive
they also have a lot of great salads , and amazing fresh mozzarella .	salads	positive
they also have a lot of great salads , and amazing fresh mozzarella .	fresh mozzarella	positive
terrible experience .	experience	negative
worst hotel experience ever !	hotel experience	negative
they were very professional , and lead great classes .	classes	positive
do n't buy the groupon you will regret it .	groupon	negative
i repeat , they do not take groupons .	groupons	negative
we ordered a pizza and it took _num_ hours to show up .	pizza	negative
it being around _num_ or 6pm , the place was utterly packed .	place	negative
we have found that the sandwiches are spectacular .	sandwiches	positive
two years later my cat is healthy and happy .	cat	positive
all the food is tasty so try something new to you .	food	positive
i love their cheese pizza , definately one of a kind .	cheese pizza	positive
i love a good buffet !	buffet	positive
the man that works here is horrible .	man	negative
i got my food a little after 5:00 so that sucked .	food	negative
i ordered fajitas and they tasted very much like a `` chemical taste '' .	fajitas	negative
they have the best coffee .	coffee	positive
chicken was dry dry dry .	chicken	negative
the service was great , ambiance perfect , and of course the food !	service	positive
the service was great , ambiance perfect , and of course the food !	ambiance	positive
the service was great , ambiance perfect , and of course the food !	food	positive
there was no assistance with baggage or with assisting them to their room .	baggage	negative
there was no assistance with baggage or with assisting them to their room .	room	negative
needless to say , i was a wreck the next morning for my meeting .	meeting	negative
food and service were amazing !	food	positive
food and service were amazing !	service	positive
a really nice local place with quality food , reasonable price and excellent service .	food	positive
a really nice local place with quality food , reasonable price and excellent service .	price	positive
a really nice local place with quality food , reasonable price and excellent service .	service	positive
the price is really reasonable too !	price	positive
my cookie dough blizzard was great .	cookie dough blizzard	positive
great atmosphere on the patio .	atmosphere	positive
every time i order food , something is always overcooked .	food	negative
minutes to get a drink refill and our waitress only had three tables !	drink refill	negative
minutes to get a drink refill and our waitress only had three tables !	waitress	negative
minutes to get a drink refill and our waitress only had three tables !	tables	negative
the spaghetti bolognese was meh !	spaghetti bolognese	positive
excellent service .	service	positive
i tried _num_ different items but was most impressed with the tempura shrimp .	items	positive
i tried _num_ different items but was most impressed with the tempura shrimp .	tempura shrimp	positive
i wish i would have read the yelp reviews before taking my truck there .	truck	positive
the menu is extremely creative and the food is incredible .	menu	positive
the menu is extremely creative and the food is incredible .	food	positive
try the meatballs and wine ; absolute flavor - including the ambience !	meatballs	positive
try the meatballs and wine ; absolute flavor - including the ambience !	wine	positive
try the meatballs and wine ; absolute flavor - including the ambience !	ambience	positive
quality you would expect from jamba juice with exceptional service .	quality	positive
quality you would expect from jamba juice with exceptional service .	jamba juice	positive
quality you would expect from jamba juice with exceptional service .	service	positive
there 's plenty of better sushi places in the valley .	sushi places	positive
frank and lupe 's is one of my new favorites in old town scottsdale .	scottsdale	positive
had room service each night and it was good and fair priced !	room service	positive
had room service each night and it was good and fair priced !	priced	positive
food here is always tasty .	food	positive
talk about saving money and getting great healthy produce in one shot !	produce	positive
delivery was super fast .	delivery	positive
there is a little cafe within the lobby that serves only breakfast and dinner .	cafe	positive
there is a little cafe within the lobby that serves only breakfast and dinner .	breakfast	negative
there is a little cafe within the lobby that serves only breakfast and dinner .	dinner	negative
i really appreciate his customer service and how helpful he was !	customer service	positive
seems like a lack of truth in advertising .	advertising	negative
the next morning , we drove a little further and found a cracker barrel .	cracker barrel	negative
the entire staff is very professional and well trained .	staff	positive
not good pizza .	pizza	negative
it was a unique dining experience .	dining experience	positive
of menu items in addition to the daily specials .	menu items	positive
they also have mussels which are fantastic flavor wise and price wise .	mussels	positive
they also have mussels which are fantastic flavor wise and price wise .	flavor	positive
they also have mussels which are fantastic flavor wise and price wise .	price	positive
nancy and the staff were great !	staff	positive
i will not be back unless my meal is free .	meal	negative
very rude cashier named angela , i believe .	cashier	negative
do you want amazing service ?	service	positive
looks like they have pre-made cooked pizza .	pre-made cooked pizza	positive
still think $ _num_ domestic drafts for this place unreasonable .	drafts	negative
loved the gringos !	gringos	positive
this place has super caring people .	place	positive
this place has super caring people .	people	positive
the staff has always been just lukewarm .	staff	positive
also , the portions here are less than the portions i get elsewhere .	portions	negative
a true scottsdale landmark .	scottsdale	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
best baked goodies , awesome sandwiches & soup !	baked goodies	positive
best baked goodies , awesome sandwiches & soup !	sandwiches	positive
best baked goodies , awesome sandwiches & soup !	soup	positive
i was with my friend and her mom and the service was horrible .	service	negative
took a blow dryer back with the receipt that was bought in july .	blow dryer	negative
terrible manager ( how he has a job , i do not know .	manager	negative
the pancakes are delicious and pretty much everything i ordered was amazing .	pancakes	positive
self seating in bar and patio during happy hour .	bar	positive
self seating in bar and patio during happy hour .	patio	positive
thanks scottsdale air !	scottsdale air	positive
i highly recommend e & m painting .	e	positive
we both enjoyed the dishes !	dishes	positive
staff was horribly inattentive .	staff	negative
good prices , friendly staff and super convenient !	prices	positive
good prices , friendly staff and super convenient !	staff	positive
another romantic spot .	spot	positive
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce	positive
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	priced	positive
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce	positive
and the people that stroll in there are a good mix .	people	positive
typical strip mall restaurant in south scottsdale .	strip mall	positive
the food is also authentic .	food	positive
i have never payed _num_ drinks not included for food that was so terrible .	drinks	negative
i have never payed _num_ drinks not included for food that was so terrible .	food	negative
and really is only $ _num_ cheaper than a taxi .	taxi	negative
and avoid the pastries .	pastries	negative
great choices - something for everyone and tasty .	choices	positive
water and bread was served immediately .	water	positive
water and bread was served immediately .	bread	positive
water and bread was served immediately .	served	positive
what a great place !	place	positive
food was good ... .	food	positive
he does not respect anyone 's time other than his own .	time	negative
honestly , the mornings are very dependable , but afternoons are disappointing .	mornings	negative
i had to spit out half of it because of such low quality .	quality	negative
patron silver .	patron silver	positive
it is simply the best pizza in town .	pizza	positive
it was a mess trying to deal with the owner .	owner	negative
places like this do not deserve our business .	places	negative
the food is absolutely delicious and the ambiance is perfect .	food	positive
the food is absolutely delicious and the ambiance is perfect .	ambiance	positive
their staff and the owner were all very nice .	staff	positive
their staff and the owner were all very nice .	owner	positive
terrible service and horrible servers .	service	negative
terrible service and horrible servers .	servers	negative
good beer selection and food was very good .	beer selection	positive
good beer selection and food was very good .	food	positive
we love this place !	place	positive
attention , general manager ... ... you have a problem .	general manager	negative
the receptionist claimed she did n't have my reservation , despite my email confirmation .	receptionist	negative
the receptionist claimed she did n't have my reservation , despite my email confirmation .	reservation	negative
pizza & wine with the girls .	pizza	positive
pizza & wine with the girls .	wine	positive
cute things at reasonable prices .	prices	positive
this is my favorite gyro place .	gyro place	positive
instead of helping out and bringing bread to suffice a child .	bread	negative
the place is old , over priced , bad service .	place	negative
the place is old , over priced , bad service .	priced	negative
the place is old , over priced , bad service .	service	negative
amazing dining experience .	dining experience	positive
i love a good bar especially the food .	bar	positive
i love a good bar especially the food .	food	positive
i was almost done placing my order online .	order	negative
not really a deal , and poor selection .	selection	negative
if you want great meat at a great price ... go here now !	meat	positive
if you want great meat at a great price ... go here now !	price	positive
highly recommend staying here .	staying	positive
consistently wrong orders even when asked to repeat the order back .	orders	negative
i recommend the coconut joe .	coconut joe	positive
a very good little shop .	shop	positive
the service if always friendly and the restaurant looks beautiful .	service	positive
i love this resort , grounds are beautiful .	resort	positive
i love this resort , grounds are beautiful .	grounds	positive
great customer service team there !	customer service	positive
it 's so good and sweet i could eat it for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
the speed of the food was fantastic .	food	positive
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .	girls	positive
do yourself a favor and sit at the bar with her .	bar	positive
i can not trust any professional who is not upfront with you about costs .	costs	negative
definitely has a welcoming and relaxing atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
ugh , this place is just terrible .	place	negative
friendly , great pour .	pour	positive
absolutely loving the wings !	wings	positive
the service is always good and the food is consistent .	service	positive
the service is always good and the food is consistent .	food	positive
the flavors were not balanced .	flavors	negative
prices are a little high but they always have coupons out .	prices	negative
prices are a little high but they always have coupons out .	coupons	negative
fun place , fun times , and amazing food !	place	positive
fun place , fun times , and amazing food !	times	positive
fun place , fun times , and amazing food !	food	positive
the mimosas were okay , but small and difficult to mess up anyway .	mimosas	positive
i definitely recommend this salon and gary !	salon	positive
he never came back with the pain meds he promised .	pain meds	negative
great music , great people , great drinks .	music	positive
great music , great people , great drinks .	people	positive
great music , great people , great drinks .	drinks	positive
asked for blue cheese stuffed olives .	blue cheese stuffed olives	positive
the chicken was plump and juicy .	chicken	positive
the staff was friendly and the facility was clean and nice .	staff	positive
the staff was friendly and the facility was clean and nice .	facility	positive
awesome food .	food	positive
they have a great selection of entrees , both lunch and breakfast .	lunch	positive
they have a great selection of entrees , both lunch and breakfast .	breakfast	positive
after reading other reviews , it sounds like this pricing is common practice .	pricing	positive
great food !	food	positive
they would have been much better if served fresh .	served	negative
the service was great , too !	service	positive
if you 're in the area id recommend you try this place .	area id	positive
if you 're in the area id recommend you try this place .	place	positive
north phoenix area is totally worth it !	area	positive
great food .	food	positive
awesome lunch special .	lunch special	positive
definitely recommend the prickly pear margarita , frozen .	prickly pear margarita	positive
tonight was my last meal .	meal	positive
her technique with color is phenomenal !	technique	positive
her technique with color is phenomenal !	color	positive
i would highly recommend this dental office .	dental office	positive
i highly recommend trying one of their pizzas with the sweet italian sausage .	pizzas	positive
the food is consistently great .	food	positive
persian room definitely does n't disappoint .	persian room	positive
nice way to enjoy dinner in the air conditioning .	dinner	positive
nice way to enjoy dinner in the air conditioning .	air conditioning	positive
i was pretty pissed , so i decided to cancel the mariachi idea .	mariachi idea	negative
the pizza was great both times .	pizza	positive
ribs were amazing !	ribs	positive
jordan 's rocks .	jordan	positive
good service and great drink prices .	service	positive
good service and great drink prices .	drink prices	positive
great hidden mexican joint .	hidden mexican joint	positive
i 'm grateful i did n't waste money on a math class here !	math class	positive
no check in or explanation from workers about length of time .	check	negative
our washer stop working and we needed to do some laundry for the week .	washer	negative
ever since they remodeled and got new management the service is terrible .	management	negative
ever since they remodeled and got new management the service is terrible .	service	negative
best sandwiches i have ever eaten in this city !	sandwiches	positive
worst customer service i 've ever had .	customer service	negative
the sprint employee could n't check him out .	employee	negative
korean food is mediocre for a restaurant stating its specialty in korean food .	korean food	negative
korean food is mediocre for a restaurant stating its specialty in korean food .	korean food	negative
now for the good stuff : great location , able to walk to everything !	location	positive
my new favorite place .	place	positive
$ _num_ to use the splash park ?	splash park	positive
best place in arizona !	place	positive
great view , great food , great service ... reservations needed .	view	positive
great view , great food , great service ... reservations needed .	food	positive
great view , great food , great service ... reservations needed .	service	positive
great view , great food , great service ... reservations needed .	reservations	negative
by far the worst dining experience i have ever had .	dining experience	negative
do n't let few people in the waiting room fool you .	waiting room	positive
this place is really nice !	place	positive
awesome sandwiches .	sandwiches	positive
love love love dennys and all of it 's glory .	dennys	positive
car wash was good .	car wash	positive
husband said it wasnt that bad but he wouldnt have it again .	husband	negative
the employees are always friendly and welcoming .	employees	positive
this may be our new favorite restaurant !	restaurant	positive
fries wo n't get a review but the poor service will .	service	negative
they have a good list of them too .	list	positive
she helped me picked out a sandwich she thought i would like .	sandwich	positive
$ _num_ for chicken tikka masala with no rice or naan .	chicken tikka masala with no rice	negative
$ _num_ for chicken tikka masala with no rice or naan .	naan	negative
-they do not care about their tenants .	tenants	negative
do not call these guys i think the reviews here are all family members .	reviews	positive
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	hummus	positive
they have great tasting water and sell water containers in multiple sizes .	water	positive
they have great tasting water and sell water containers in multiple sizes .	water containers	positive
however the service was horrible .	service	negative
will be back for some more of that great atmosphere real soon .	atmosphere	positive
sodas , beers , drinks , and even water bottles are all overpriced .	sodas	negative
sodas , beers , drinks , and even water bottles are all overpriced .	beers	negative
sodas , beers , drinks , and even water bottles are all overpriced .	drinks	negative
sodas , beers , drinks , and even water bottles are all overpriced .	water bottles	negative
he never once returned to check on our entree or dessert course .	entree	negative
he never once returned to check on our entree or dessert course .	dessert course	negative
the staff is friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
very nice family environment .	family environment	positive
( not exaggerating here , guy apparently forgot he works for tips ) .	tips	negative
they staff was overwhelmed and inexperienced .	staff	negative
what ever you do , do not think twice about using this company .	company	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
but somehow , the partying continued - as did our lack of sleep .	partying	negative
but somehow , the partying continued - as did our lack of sleep .	sleep	negative
went to elements for the first time yesterday for brunch with some friends .	brunch	positive
the place was never cleaned .	place	positive
lots of cool sports memorabilia on the walls .	sports memorabilia	positive
best duck curry i 've ever had .	duck curry	positive
forgetting to ever get drinks after drink order was taken .	drinks	negative
forgetting to ever get drinks after drink order was taken .	drink order	negative
well done villa cafe !	villa cafe	positive
very experienced technicians .	technicians	positive
absolutely loved my chicken enchilada !	chicken enchilada	positive
so you enjoy authentic wood fired pizza and a small mom and pop shop ?	wood fired pizza	positive
ca n't complain their doughnut is affordable and taste really delicious .	doughnut	positive
the bartender was weird .	bartender	negative
so far , everything i have tried on the menu has been delicious .	menu	positive
i had my sons birthday party last weekend and he was great help .	sons	positive
a great place for lunch as well .	lunch	positive
unfortunately , when i spend $ _num_ on sandwiches i expect something worth that .	sandwiches	negative
this is the best tasting pizza in all of arizona .	pizza	positive
good burgers , fries , chicken sandwich and love the chili .	burgers	positive
good burgers , fries , chicken sandwich and love the chili .	fries	positive
good burgers , fries , chicken sandwich and love the chili .	chicken sandwich	positive
good burgers , fries , chicken sandwich and love the chili .	chili	positive
my complaint is that the portion size was smaller for the restaurant week menu .	portion size	negative
fast and friendly service .	service	positive
as a first timer , this was good for lunch .	lunch	positive
the only pool complaint i have was from the last day of our stay .	pool complaint	negative
love going here with a sweet location .	location	positive
the food is beyond amazing and so is the service .	food	positive
the food is beyond amazing and so is the service .	service	positive
our service was great , and there was eye candy all over !	service	positive
they wo n't split the check .	check	negative
this place is consistently good .	place	positive
kudos to the chef and his staff for always putting out such wonderful food .	chef	positive
kudos to the chef and his staff for always putting out such wonderful food .	staff	positive
kudos to the chef and his staff for always putting out such wonderful food .	food	positive
the pizza & wing special is classic .	pizza & wing special	positive
$ _num_ drafts .	drafts	positive
i would definitely recommend this practice .	practice	positive
went there for valentines day and the atmosphere was lively and fun .	atmosphere	positive
everything about this place is the best .	place	positive
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	happy	positive
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	beers	positive
friendly and efficient staff and best doctors ever .	staff	positive
friendly and efficient staff and best doctors ever .	doctors	positive
the owner says if i refuse to pay he will send me to collections .	owner	negative
the owner says if i refuse to pay he will send me to collections .	collections	negative
also , do not go to the eye docs here .	eye docs	negative
hostesses who give your table away to the wrong party .	hostesses	negative
hostesses who give your table away to the wrong party .	table	negative
hugo boss is one of my favorite brands .	hugo	positive
hugo boss is one of my favorite brands .	brands	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
i had a surprisingly good stay here and would come back again .	stay	positive
nice salad and great rice too !	salad	positive
nice salad and great rice too !	rice	positive
wo n't be going back to this location .	location	negative
the prices are high , but the whole experience is worth it .	prices	negative
great bartender downstairs with knowledge of beer and wine .	bartender	positive
great bartender downstairs with knowledge of beer and wine .	beer	positive
not sure what or how many creatures are living under there .	creatures	negative
we were expecting to have the gold rush experience .	gold	positive
the food is delicious !	food	positive
razz knows how to make the food sing .	food	positive
poor service .	service	negative
everyone is always so nice there and helpful .	everyone	positive
love the patio !	patio	positive
i love the veggie skillet with extra cheese .	veggie skillet with extra cheese	positive
dinner last night was delicious !	dinner	positive
good sized location .	location	positive
the staff has always been friendly , polite , and timely .	staff	positive
nice staff .	staff	positive
this was surprisingly good for a random trip into a strip mall .	strip mall	positive
they also have a nice outdoor area .	outdoor area	positive
i eat breakfast for dinner sometimes i like it so much .	breakfast	positive
i eat breakfast for dinner sometimes i like it so much .	dinner	positive
amazing food .	food	positive
unfortunately we left over 3/4 of our food in the trash .	food	negative
the best italian food and sandwiches .	italian food	positive
the best italian food and sandwiches .	sandwiches	positive
let me tell you , every doughnut i had was fantastic !	doughnut	positive
the atmosphere is always enjoyable including the live music .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is always enjoyable including the live music .	live music	positive
i was craving donuts , and decided to stop in for a couple .	donuts	positive
the owner is awesome with a great sense of humor .	owner	positive
nice place to start the evening and enjoy each other 's company .	place	positive
nice place to start the evening and enjoy each other 's company .	company	positive
delivery was fast and the food was hot .	delivery	positive
delivery was fast and the food was hot .	food	positive
your way through people to find the exit to get out .	exit	negative
service is so horrible .	service	negative
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	lunch	positive
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	dinner items	positive
best jeans shop in town , local owned and great folks !	jeans shop	positive
servers attention was elsewhere ... never listened to our order .	servers attention	negative
and given the great places we have reviewed , that is saying a lot .	places	positive
all of the staff is very experienced and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
customer service is not a focus of this office .	customer service	negative
we love this restaurant !	restaurant	positive
love the chile relleno burrito as well.	chile relleno burrito	positive
excellent diner food and ambiance !	diner food	positive
excellent diner food and ambiance !	ambiance	positive
but we had a great time ; the grounds and pools were beautiful .	grounds	positive
but we had a great time ; the grounds and pools were beautiful .	pools	positive
probably the best breakfast burrito known to man !	breakfast burrito	positive
the food is outstanding and the ambience is great .	food	positive
the food is outstanding and the ambience is great .	ambience	positive
theresa at the front desk helped suggest some necessary travel items .	travel items	positive
three weeks later , still no pictures .	pictures	negative
it 's got a very intimate , cozy , date feel to it .	feel	positive
if there was a negative star on here i would give it .	star	negative
the restaurant was crowded and the music really loud .	music	negative
then through each room she introduced me to people .	room	positive
both are not worth feeding to a rat .	rat	negative
excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
i wo n't be back to this location .	location	negative
we did top off dinner with some really good pistachio type ice cream .	pistachio type ice cream	positive
and the place has gotten significantly less busy at this point .	place	positive
we enjoyed our dining experience today .	dining experience	positive
cute , yummy restaurant .	restaurant	positive
by far one of the best places in arizona .	places	positive
customer service sucks .	customer service	negative
the rooms are dated , and smells funky .	rooms	positive
it 's a small place about _num_ tables inside and cozy .	place	positive
it 's a small place about _num_ tables inside and cozy .	tables	positive
the ice cream and service are both good too .	ice cream	positive
the ice cream and service are both good too .	service	positive
the food was overpriced , their pancakes cost $ _num_ without any sides .	food	negative
the food was overpriced , their pancakes cost $ _num_ without any sides .	pancakes	positive
the food was overpriced , their pancakes cost $ _num_ without any sides .	sides	negative
resort ?	resort	negative
this is a total failure of this restaurant design .	restaurant design	negative
they do not honor what your insurance states you owe either .	insurance	negative
the fish was not even average in texture and taste .	fish	negative
the fish was not even average in texture and taste .	taste	negative
there is a nice bakery nearby , as well as a little coffee shop .	bakery	positive
there is a nice bakery nearby , as well as a little coffee shop .	coffee shop	positive
have been several times and service and food has gone down hill each time .	service	negative
have been several times and service and food has gone down hill each time .	food	negative
the food was delicious and the host was terrific as were the servers .	food	positive
the food was delicious and the host was terrific as were the servers .	host	positive
the food was delicious and the host was terrific as were the servers .	servers	positive
the office is beautiful and the customer service is impeccable !	office	positive
the office is beautiful and the customer service is impeccable !	customer service	positive
the staff we talked to seemed to lack product knowledge .	staff	negative
the staff we talked to seemed to lack product knowledge .	product	negative
love this place .	place	positive
amazing food !	food	positive
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	rice	negative
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	taste	negative
the two times i had seafood with the pasta i got sick .	seafood	negative
the two times i had seafood with the pasta i got sick .	pasta	negative
super cute place for a date .	place	positive
do n't stay at this hotel .	hotel	negative
rick is honest , helpful and extremely professional .	rick	positive
i just got a puppy and the team over here is just great .	puppy	positive
i just got a puppy and the team over here is just great .	team	positive
service was terrible .	service	negative
the place was full but the whole experience left much to be desired .	place	positive
they seem very proud of their cuisine and with good reason .	cuisine	positive
the management has been great at getting to some issues right away !	management	positive
found this place on yelp while visiting scottsdale and so glad that i did !	place	positive
great customer service and product knowledge .	customer service	positive
great customer service and product knowledge .	product knowledge	positive
the beer is just an extra added bonus .	beer	positive
the patio here is almost as good as the food .	patio	positive
the patio here is almost as good as the food .	food	positive
baked wings r yummy and the blackened salmon salad is great !	blackened salmon salad	positive
great margs and good selection of beers .	margs	positive
great margs and good selection of beers .	selection of beers	positive
everyone is friendly , drinks and music are great .	drinks	positive
everyone is friendly , drinks and music are great .	music	positive
great selection of high quality , high fashion clothing .	selection	positive
great selection of high quality , high fashion clothing .	clothing	positive
flour tortillas are real .	flour tortillas	positive
the staff are nice and the place is near a lot of shops .	staff	positive
the staff are nice and the place is near a lot of shops .	place	positive
i love to get the gyro platter here , its so good !	gyro platter	positive
swanky wendy 's -- - good stuff .	wendy 's	positive
swanky wendy 's -- - good stuff .	stuff	positive
it is a very nice place to call home !	place	positive
the green chili pork is fucking amazing !	green chili pork	positive
absolutely the worst dealership i 've ever been to .	dealership	negative
just an overall great family owned establishment .	establishment	positive
i immediately said no and opened my purse to show them .	purse	negative
like most americans , i dream of a good bagel .	bagel	positive
i 'd give zero star if possible .	star	negative
the food was very bland and boring , even for a sports bar .	food	negative
the food was very bland and boring , even for a sports bar .	sports bar	negative
i highly suggest the upgrade ; definitely worth it .	upgrade	positive
i could get fish out of the cap canal that taste better .	fish	positive
i could get fish out of the cap canal that taste better .	cap canal	positive
very nice work ; good customer service and a few laughs .	customer service	positive
we loved this resort !	resort	positive
and asked for sauce on the side so my noodles wo n't get soggy .	sauce	negative
and asked for sauce on the side so my noodles wo n't get soggy .	noodles	negative
both dentists on board take great care of their patients .	dentists	positive
the mandarin orange and cranberry pork is excellent .	mandarin orange and cranberry pork	positive
great for my gluten free needs and super friendly .	gluten	positive
the room is ok , just ok , not offensive , nothing special .	room	negative
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .	scottsdale club	negative
the folks there are also great !	folks	positive
what an amazing little place !	place	positive
closed kitchen early because they were slow .	closed kitchen	negative
their chef is terrific !	chef	positive
highly recommend getting a sub here !	sub	positive
a manager came over and offered me a drink coupon for my next visit .	manager	positive
a manager came over and offered me a drink coupon for my next visit .	drink coupon	positive
quick great service !	service	positive
i refuse to go to this mcdonald 's .	mcdonald 's	negative
still , it 's not worth the wait , or really any wait .	wait	negative
still , it 's not worth the wait , or really any wait .	wait	negative
down the street from my office , i love this place !	place	positive
the property is well kept , constantly being upgraded and quiet .	property	positive
really good people .	people	positive
if your time is n't precious , then i would recommend them .	time	positive
very competent , compassionate & friendly staff .	staff	positive
this company has terrible business practices !	business practices	negative
their waiting area is nice too .	waiting area	positive
his office staff is amazing and i love my hygienist !	office staff	positive
this store is not set up very well .	store	negative
very , very good mexican food .	mexican food	positive
it was about as bad a dining experience as i can imagine .	dining experience	negative
love going to this place .	place	positive
the pizza is the best ... hands down !	pizza	positive
no hand soap or no shower soap .	hand soap	negative
no hand soap or no shower soap .	shower soap	negative
one meal was the wrong meal .	meal	negative
another great experience on dolly the steamboat .	steamboat	positive
for sure the worst duck i ever had .	duck	negative
i always get sushi and love it !	sushi	positive
the hamburgers are terrific .	hamburgers	positive
we got our wedding cake here and the experience was so much fun .	wedding cake	positive
my hotel room coffee has more bite .	hotel room coffee	positive
i would 've preferred they just charged more for the tickets and be upfront .	tickets	negative
beans and rice tasted bland like from a can .	beans	negative
beans and rice tasted bland like from a can .	can	negative
the sandwiches are to delicious !	sandwiches	positive
also , staff is awesome !	staff	positive
this is a fancy fine dining restaurant with a casual feel .	feel	positive
the service was excellent and friendly .	service	positive
the employees are great too and already know us at the drive thru window .	employees	positive
my wife loves the pineapple empanadas from here .	pineapple empanadas	positive
i like their drive through and customer friendliness .	customer	positive
pours me a cup of super extreme coffee and says have a seat .	coffee	positive
pours me a cup of super extreme coffee and says have a seat .	seat	positive
great for large parties , and they cater .	parties	positive
apologized and stated our meals would be out shortly .	meals	negative
went to frys to get a some battery 's and charger .	battery	positive
went to frys to get a some battery 's and charger .	charger	positive
always consistent pizza and wings .	pizza	positive
always consistent pizza and wings .	wings	positive
worst experience at a whataburger ever .	whataburger	negative
we also ordered the cannoli for dessert and it was very good .	cannoli	positive
we also ordered the cannoli for dessert and it was very good .	dessert	positive
my first experience at keg steakhouse and bar was super disappointing ... .	keg	negative
my first experience at keg steakhouse and bar was super disappointing ... .	bar	negative
worth a check if you 're in the market for some gently used items .	check	positive
worth a check if you 're in the market for some gently used items .	items	positive
the place is really charming and the people kind .	place	positive
the place is really charming and the people kind .	people	positive
also the bathroom was a _num_ out of _num_ in terms of cleanliness .	bathroom	positive
also the bathroom was a _num_ out of _num_ in terms of cleanliness .	cleanliness	positive
very friendly service .	service	positive
i do n't know what the deal was but our server was horrible .	server	negative
what was strange is that both servers were just wandering around the restaurant .	servers	negative
i hate , hate , hate choosing from old nail polish colors .	nail	negative
the waiter , who was nice , asked if we were all good .	waiter	positive
if zero stars had been an option i would have chose that .	stars	negative
service here was as good as back home -- very friendly and helpful .	service	positive
the ambience is very relaxed as well as classy .	ambience	positive
oh wow this place is awesome !	place	positive
great greek food , reasonable prices .	greek food	positive
great greek food , reasonable prices .	prices	positive
no food no money .	food	negative
no food no money .	money	negative
excellent service and so many classic sundaes to choose from .	service	positive
excellent service and so many classic sundaes to choose from .	sundaes	positive
our food was exceptional !	food	positive
great meal , good service but a bit too dark .	meal	positive
great meal , good service but a bit too dark .	service	positive
the total bill for those procedures will run more than $ _num_ dollars .	bill	negative
the total bill for those procedures will run more than $ _num_ dollars .	procedures	negative
our waiter was nice but still a little clueless .	waiter	positive
friendly service .	service	positive
i am still very unsatisfied with this company .	company	negative
the doctors are compassionate and very knowledgable in what they do .	doctors	positive
the mushroom sauce was delicious .	mushroom sauce	positive
homemade fresh bread with cilantro , basil and onion .	homemade fresh bread with cilantro , basil	positive
i love my hair and will definitely be returning .	hair	positive
i especially enjoyed the spinach dip .	spinach dip	positive
try the sesame chicken .	sesame chicken	positive
we sat down and ordered cheesy garlic bread to start .	cheesy garlic bread	positive
go for the decor , make a reservation , and enjoy yourself .	decor	positive
go for the decor , make a reservation , and enjoy yourself .	reservation	positive
he did n't take time to listen to what the patient wanted .	patient	negative
it 's not worth the walk downstairs .	walk	negative
and a great car !	car	positive
and for the prices we paid , it was not good enough .	prices	negative
huge fan !	fan	positive
i will always try to eat in the bar area .	bar area	positive
super cute patio .	patio	positive
great crew working there w great authentic mexican food .	crew	positive
great crew working there w great authentic mexican food .	mexican food	positive
love this place !	place	positive
best hole in the wall there could be !	hole	positive
horrible service .	service	negative
take a look at the picture for an idea of what i mean .	picture	positive
they will not allow you to view the art without a salesperson present .	art	negative
they will not allow you to view the art without a salesperson present .	salesperson	negative
i walked out after _num_ minutes waiting for a chicken sandwich .	chicken sandwich	negative
great shakes !	shakes	positive
all of it was excellent , and the service was top-notch .	service	positive
they care about my dog and do wonderful work .	dog	positive
i ordered a thai noodle dish with tofu and my bf ordered pad thai .	thai noodle dish with tofu	positive
i ordered a thai noodle dish with tofu and my bf ordered pad thai .	pad thai	positive
service was very good .	service	positive
please do not get your car washed or detailed here .	car	negative
each time , the staff has been very friendly , helpful and patient .	staff	positive
i completed the course feeling upset , hurt and angry .	course	negative
service is friendly .	service	positive
scheduled appt for business to be sprayed .	appt	negative
scheduled appt for business to be sprayed .	business	negative
love love love !	love	positive
excellent spot for breakfast .	spot	positive
excellent spot for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
the spa lunch was tasty and felt so fresh and healthy .	spa lunch	positive
the service was friendly and very helpful .	service	positive
i 'm a fan of their lemon bar .	lemon bar	positive
i love this arby 's now !	arby 's	positive
phenomenal , authentic thai food .	thai food	positive
the guacamole was really disappointing too .	guacamole	negative
food is great and so is the memorabilia .	food	positive
alright price .	price	positive
it was beautiful and lined with lady fingers to cover sides .	lady fingers	positive
this bar is cool and hip .	bar	positive
great bread , sandwiches and soup .	bread	positive
great bread , sandwiches and soup .	sandwiches	positive
great bread , sandwiches and soup .	soup	positive
lots of empty stations .	stations	negative
we love the cove .	cove	positive
it is a horrible place .	place	negative
needless to say , i will never patron this location again .	location	negative
_num_ % added on for fees .	fees	negative
this is the best shooting range that i have been to .	shooting range	positive
their crust is perfectly thin and crunchy in all the right places .	crust	positive
awesome staff !	staff	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the ceviche is wonderful and margaritas are sooo good !	ceviche	positive
the ceviche is wonderful and margaritas are sooo good !	margaritas	positive
awesome steak !	steak	positive
service was fantastic , and the wine selection was extensive .	service	positive
service was fantastic , and the wine selection was extensive .	wine selection	positive
ribs were drenched in sauce ... way too much .	ribs	negative
ribs were drenched in sauce ... way too much .	sauce	negative
good food , bad service or actually no service .	food	positive
good food , bad service or actually no service .	service	negative
good tournament is held every tuesday at _num_ .	tournament	positive
there 's usually a wait but it 's always worth it .	wait	negative
i 've searched the valley for a bagel .	bagel	positive
the are rude and very snobby for a service that should be great .	service	negative
oh i got my band geek back on now !	band geek	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
i told them which insurance i use and i was quoted a price .	insurance	negative
i told them which insurance i use and i was quoted a price .	price	negative
first , the salad came out with the wings .	salad	positive
first , the salad came out with the wings .	wings	positive
their mini appetizer platter is delicious and i usually eat it as a meal .	mini appetizer platter	positive
their mini appetizer platter is delicious and i usually eat it as a meal .	meal	positive
our server patrick was great !	server patrick	positive
chinese food in tempe is weak , i will not be coming back here .	chinese food in tempe	negative
we were guests to a lovely venue !	venue	positive
do not go to this venue .	venue	negative
the staff was wonderful .	staff	positive
nice restaurant , casual place .	restaurant	positive
nice restaurant , casual place .	place	positive
staff are very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
get it together los olivos !	los olivos	positive
the red salsa is definitely hot , but in a very good way !	red salsa	positive
mattresses on both beds were worn out years ago .	mattresses	negative
mattresses on both beds were worn out years ago .	beds	negative
soft white napkins have been replaced by rough ugly brown napkins .	soft white napkins	negative
soft white napkins have been replaced by rough ugly brown napkins .	napkins	negative
great job !	job	positive
the tempe location seems to have a worse track record .	tempe location	negative
waiter was pleasant and attentive .	waiter	positive
the restaraunt was clean , well appointed , and the service was excellent .	service	positive
more importantly , the location is the best in all of scottsdale .	location	positive
very shady practices here .	practices	negative
this location is good !	location	positive
truly horrible service .	service	negative
it is a mellow setting and very relaxing with unique music .	setting	positive
it is a mellow setting and very relaxing with unique music .	music	positive
good fresh hot food .	fresh hot food	positive
i had a terrible experience with this company .	company	negative
the owners make the salon less than stellar .	owners	negative
i 'm sick of this location .	location	negative
manager apologized , did n't take plate away .	manager	negative
manager apologized , did n't take plate away .	plate	negative
great food , huge portions , really decent prices .	food	positive
great food , huge portions , really decent prices .	portions	positive
great food , huge portions , really decent prices .	prices	positive
they really love the animals they work with .	animals	positive
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	tech	negative
i would recommend this place to travelers .	travelers	positive
and the mashed potatoes tasted like they were instant .	mashed potatoes	positive
they lack taste and still does n't compare to my mother 's thai recipe .	taste	negative
they lack taste and still does n't compare to my mother 's thai recipe .	thai recipe	negative
i give it _num_ greasy spoons .	greasy spoons	positive
they specialize in beer and wine , great selection of import beers and wine .	beer	positive
they specialize in beer and wine , great selection of import beers and wine .	selection of import beers	positive
after having marginal service we were less than impressed .	service	negative
trying to beat the late night rush .	rush	negative
service at the persian room was excellent .	service	positive
service at the persian room was excellent .	persian room	positive
the chicken in the dish was good but the noodles were way too big .	chicken	positive
the chicken in the dish was good but the noodles were way too big .	noodles	negative
more of a snow bird or older person hang out .	snow bird	positive
not worth the wait .	wait	negative
great family dinner spot .	family dinner spot	positive
malee 's was perfect and reminded me why i love thai food so much .	thai food	positive
reasonably priced , and delivery is always speedy .	priced	positive
reasonably priced , and delivery is always speedy .	delivery	positive
i forget how fun bowling is !	bowling	positive
love this place .	place	positive
well , i tried the other store , and they were out all together .	store	positive
i enjoy going to the phoenix public market on saturday mornings .	public market	positive
no vacuum , no nothing !	vacuum	negative
however , the food is outrageously good .	food	positive
this particular location was pretty good .	location	positive
home made pasta and always a special board full of creative dishes .	pasta	positive
home made pasta and always a special board full of creative dishes .	board	positive
home made pasta and always a special board full of creative dishes .	dishes	positive
there is a shop with jewelry , fun gifts & clothes .	shop	positive
there is a shop with jewelry , fun gifts & clothes .	jewelry	positive
there is a shop with jewelry , fun gifts & clothes .	gifts	positive
there is a shop with jewelry , fun gifts & clothes .	clothes	positive
one of the most romantic spots in the valley .	spots	positive
one of the most romantic spots in the valley .	valley	positive
definitely one of the best deserts on the planet .	deserts	positive
lunch specials are amazing .	lunch specials	positive
i love olive garden , i love their salad & bread sticks .	olive garden	positive
i love olive garden , i love their salad & bread sticks .	salad & bread sticks	positive
dead roach in the kitchen upon move in .	roach	negative
the whole place was very clean and did not have a strong chemical smell .	place	positive
the whole place was very clean and did not have a strong chemical smell .	chemical smell	negative
they also have boarding and grooming in office .	boarding	positive
they also have boarding and grooming in office .	grooming	negative
there was shit everywhere and it was filthy to say the least .	shit	negative
one of my many favorite places to eat when visiting scottsdale !	places	positive
at no time did they tell me financing would be a problem .	financing	negative
we ordered the tempura spring roll which was excellent and we both really enjoyed .	tempura spring roll	positive
plenty of pool tables and good competition .	pool tables	positive
plenty of pool tables and good competition .	competition	positive
great good , good price , casual small market atmosphere .	price	positive
great good , good price , casual small market atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
malee 's is one of my favorite restaurants in the valley .	malee	positive
a terrible place .	place	negative
the enchiladas were not even rolled .	enchiladas	positive
food was great chorizo and egg burrito .	food	positive
food was great chorizo and egg burrito .	chorizo	positive
food was great chorizo and egg burrito .	egg burrito	positive
breakfast was really good & the lady in the breakfast room was so sweet .	breakfast	positive
breakfast was really good & the lady in the breakfast room was so sweet .	lady	positive
breakfast was really good & the lady in the breakfast room was so sweet .	breakfast room	positive
the tacos were $ _num_ a piece , and we 're tiny !	tacos	negative
their cheese fondue and bread are a must .	cheese fondue	positive
their cheese fondue and bread are a must .	bread	positive
it was a hazelnut torte that was light fluffy and delicious .	hazelnut torte	positive
awesome pizza !	pizza	positive
the enchiladas came smothered in cheese ( good ! )	enchiladas	positive
the enchiladas came smothered in cheese ( good ! )	cheese	positive
and after trying one of these icy treats i can see why !	icy treats	positive
it was the worst starbucks i 've ever been .	starbucks	negative
this place is the same place it was and has been for 10+ years .	place	positive
this place is the same place it was and has been for 10+ years .	place	positive
authentic mexican , big portions , delicious !	mexican	positive
authentic mexican , big portions , delicious !	portions	positive
we opted for the happy hour on the patio .	patio	positive
for $ _num_ it was a disappointment .	$	negative
huge lack of customer service or wanting to make things right .	customer service	negative
and the parking can occasionally be interesting .	parking	negative
the serrano chili enchiladas were amazing .	serrano chili enchiladas	positive
his staff is very helpful and friendly too !	staff	positive
all in all , the service experience was extremely poor .	service experience	negative
it was very good and felt like a home town cafe .	cafe	positive
was advised there 's no service at these tables .	service	negative
was advised there 's no service at these tables .	tables	negative
great prices , he beats all competitor 's pricing .	prices	positive
great prices , he beats all competitor 's pricing .	pricing	positive
salmon is also good and so is the enchilada dish !	salmon	positive
salmon is also good and so is the enchilada dish !	enchilada dish	positive
they will deliver your clothes to your home which makes it very convenient .	clothes	positive
rice was okay , nothing special .	rice	positive
the only saving grace was that the chopped salad was delicious .	chopped salad	positive
the patio was a wonderful place to dine .	patio	positive
the patio was a wonderful place to dine .	place	positive
love the gym .	gym	positive
walked in around 2pm for a late lunch and drinks on a saturday .	lunch	positive
walked in around 2pm for a late lunch and drinks on a saturday .	drinks	positive
great customer service is just as important as the food .	customer service	positive
great customer service is just as important as the food .	food	positive
an overall attitude adjustment would make a world of difference .	attitude	positive
all dishes are huge , including the kids meals .	dishes	positive
all dishes are huge , including the kids meals .	kids meals	positive
the wings are great and the pizza is even better .	wings	positive
the wings are great and the pizza is even better .	pizza	positive
fun laid back atmosphere and very friendly fast service .	atmosphere	positive
fun laid back atmosphere and very friendly fast service .	service	positive
this place is definitely not closed .	place	positive
that was probably the worst service i had ever experienced .	service	negative
_num_ times in a row we had late delivery and wrong order !	delivery	negative
i 'm super disappointed by this place .	place	negative
the other offerings are great too .	offerings	positive
the wait to be seen is always long and there is no waiting room .	wait	negative
the wait to be seen is always long and there is no waiting room .	waiting room	negative
love the unique local atmosphere .	local atmosphere	positive
pretty good pizza .	pizza	positive
the flavor was delicious .	flavor	positive
the greens and fairways were horrible .	greens	negative
the greens and fairways were horrible .	fairways	negative
the office staff is also excellent .	office staff	positive
someone took the drink order of the birthday group , but not us .	drink order	negative
thank you dr. christina .	dr.	positive
the chicken panang curry is amazing .	chicken panang curry	positive
the main reason to go to rula bula would be for the atmosphere .	rula bula	positive
the main reason to go to rula bula would be for the atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the staff are great too .	staff	positive
i called the office and they said robert had me scheduled for friday .	office	negative
great food , great prices .	food	positive
great food , great prices .	prices	positive
great little specialty shop .	specialty shop	positive
as a former member of this location , the facilities are always well kept .	location	positive
as a former member of this location , the facilities are always well kept .	facilities	positive
i thought the best part was the ambiance outside by the waterfall .	ambiance	positive
i thought the best part was the ambiance outside by the waterfall .	waterfall	positive
horrible service , poor food quality .	service	negative
horrible service , poor food quality .	food quality	negative
the x ray tech is fantastic .	x ray tech	positive
the weather was great and the patio was the place to be .	weather	positive
the weather was great and the patio was the place to be .	patio	positive
the escargot is also fantastic as well .	escargot	positive
this is a very nice aveda concept salon .	aveda concept salon	positive
oh , and $ _num_ for vodka on ice , with olives !	vodka on ice	positive
oh , and $ _num_ for vodka on ice , with olives !	olives	positive
love the friendly staff , fun mix of customers and simple good food .	staff	positive
love the friendly staff , fun mix of customers and simple good food .	customers	positive
love the friendly staff , fun mix of customers and simple good food .	food	positive
very reasonable prices and excellent service .	prices	positive
very reasonable prices and excellent service .	service	positive
the receptionist brenda is very rude .	receptionist	negative
after you fire the managers you might see some profit .	managers	negative
find a better place to spend your money .	place	positive
find a better place to spend your money .	money	positive
amazing prices !	prices	positive
definitely not a place for a quick meal , but generally worth the wait .	meal	negative
definitely not a place for a quick meal , but generally worth the wait .	wait	positive
great exam , well organized office .	exam	positive
great exam , well organized office .	office	positive
good food , friendly staff clean and kid approved !	food	positive
good food , friendly staff clean and kid approved !	staff	positive
service is excellent , too .	service	positive
tokyo express has my favorite food on earth .	food	positive
the staff were very friendly and attentive and our iced teas remained topped up .	staff	positive
the staff were very friendly and attentive and our iced teas remained topped up .	iced teas	positive
this place is very over rated .	place	negative
ok , my dog is _num_ .	dog	positive
i love seafood !	seafood	positive
thankfully , i did not think the cheesesteak was that good at all !	cheesesteak	negative
the greek salad dressing is authentic and delish .	greek salad dressing	positive
there was still seating available so that was good .	seating	positive
the staff is all really friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
great customer service .	customer service	positive
an extremely warm feel from the instant you walk through the doors .	feel	negative
an extremely warm feel from the instant you walk through the doors .	doors	negative
the food is top notch .	food	positive
awesome bbq for the area .	bbq	positive
we tried blue adobe grille last night and it was fantastic .	blue adobe grille	positive
they also play good music .	music	positive
just like every eatery , it is hit or miss with the service .	service	negative
thank you for a great coffee .	coffee	positive
i bring both my dogs there for grooming and the work is top notch .	dogs	positive
i bring both my dogs there for grooming and the work is top notch .	grooming	positive
i bring both my dogs there for grooming and the work is top notch .	work	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
salad dressing never provided .	salad dressing	negative
she did n't take it off our bill or offer anything for us .	bill	negative
staff is super friendly and reservations are strongly encouraged .	staff	positive
staff is super friendly and reservations are strongly encouraged .	reservations	positive
the food looks amazing !	food	positive
the stetson salad is as good as advertised !	stetson salad	positive
well , thank goodness i 'm only a _num_ % vegetarian , right ?	vegetarian	positive
and a surprise bit of dessert was delivered with the check .	dessert	negative
and a surprise bit of dessert was delivered with the check .	check	positive
food is great , and patio is very nice .	food	positive
food is great , and patio is very nice .	patio	positive
it 's late but just had to come get a treat .	treat	positive
i made arrangements with my job so i could be sure to attend .	job	positive
zizzo 's is absolutely the best tailor i have ever done business with .	tailor	positive
this place used to be my favorite place to go .	place	positive
this place used to be my favorite place to go .	place	positive
reasonable rates and i am confident in the care that the animals are given .	rates	positive
reasonable rates and i am confident in the care that the animals are given .	animals	positive
not the best mexican i 've had , but it was n't bad either .	mexican	negative
the entire meal cost $ _num_ .	meal	positive
the fried rice had no vegetables or egg or anything else in it .	fried rice	negative
the fried rice had no vegetables or egg or anything else in it .	vegetables	negative
the fried rice had no vegetables or egg or anything else in it .	egg	negative
but overall , great restaurant and i 'd definitely go back !	restaurant	positive
i love everything about this place .	place	positive
and customer service was not very good .	customer service	negative
i did n't have my wallet so i simply asked for water .	water	negative
i came in with a groupon and she was very accommodating .	groupon	positive
the staff is amazing !	staff	positive
i will happily meet them there for dinner !	dinner	positive
great grocery .	grocery	positive
my all time favorite greek place !	greek place	positive
for a meal this quality , save your money and go to red lobster .	meal	positive
for a meal this quality , save your money and go to red lobster .	quality	positive
for a meal this quality , save your money and go to red lobster .	red lobster	positive
dining there is always tasty .	dining	positive
i 've certainly had worse but i was n't thrilled with my gel mani/pedi .	gel mani/pedi	negative
love love this place !	place	positive
the other _num_ should really just wear a normal suit .	suit	negative
overall very good place !	place	positive
who knows but i rather spend money on gas than another meal here .	gas	negative
who knows but i rather spend money on gas than another meal here .	meal	negative
tomatoes features delicious sandwiches , salads , pastas and burgers .	tomatoes	positive
tomatoes features delicious sandwiches , salads , pastas and burgers .	sandwiches	positive
tomatoes features delicious sandwiches , salads , pastas and burgers .	salads	positive
tomatoes features delicious sandwiches , salads , pastas and burgers .	pastas	positive
tomatoes features delicious sandwiches , salads , pastas and burgers .	burgers	positive
lovely ambience , delicious wines & well rounded cocktails .	ambience	positive
lovely ambience , delicious wines & well rounded cocktails .	wines	positive
lovely ambience , delicious wines & well rounded cocktails .	cocktails	positive
really a wonderful dining experience all together .	dining experience	positive
the office is also really cute and clean .	office	positive
for the appetizers , try the pork burritos - those were terrific .	appetizers	positive
for the appetizers , try the pork burritos - those were terrific .	pork burritos	positive
by far the best steak i 've ever had !	steak	positive
price was extremely reasonable and service very prompt .	price	positive
price was extremely reasonable and service very prompt .	service	positive
everybody is pretty friendly , especially in the smoking section .	smoking section	positive
great atmosphere to hang out with friends and enjoy the view !	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere to hang out with friends and enjoy the view !	view	positive
great customer service and their coffee rocks !	customer service	positive
great customer service and their coffee rocks !	coffee	positive
tacos are always right on .	tacos	positive
tiny scottsdale women who barely have a bump ?	women	negative
tiny scottsdale women who barely have a bump ?	bump	negative
i have only tried the breakfast burrito and the california both are delicious.	breakfast burrito	positive
i have only tried the breakfast burrito and the california both are delicious.	california	positive
the staff are nice as well .	staff	positive
i will not be returning because they wanted to charge me for unnecessary repairs .	repairs	negative
fast and friendly service .	service	positive
clean , bright cheerful atmosphere with wide variety of menu choices .	atmosphere	positive
clean , bright cheerful atmosphere with wide variety of menu choices .	menu choices	positive
a good place for breakfast .	place	positive
a good place for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
i 'm pretty impressed by their value offering .	value offering	positive
i had the fajitas and they were decent quality and very tasty .	fajitas	positive
i had the fajitas and they were decent quality and very tasty .	quality	positive
the food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable .	food	positive
the food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable .	prices	positive
you have to order the apple strudel , it 's the best anywhere !	apple strudel	positive
i do n't see how this place was so busy .	place	negative
the salads are ok , nothing special .	salads	negative
honest work and they are highly recommended !	work	positive
the location is also very convenient however !	location	positive
i think our waiters name was chris , and he was very good .	waiters	positive
it took _num_ minutes to get a couple glasses of water .	glasses of water	negative
the buttermilk pancakes were almost culinary perfection and we truly enjoyed the green flannel .	buttermilk pancakes	positive
the buttermilk pancakes were almost culinary perfection and we truly enjoyed the green flannel .	green flannel	positive
bonus that you can bring your dog !	dog	positive
very friendly , great old fashioned feel .	feel	positive
love this spot !	spot	positive
the tempura was the only thing that was close to good .	tempura	positive
very impressed with the chef here !	chef	positive
the tamales are quite good and the enchiladas are tasty .	tamales	positive
the tamales are quite good and the enchiladas are tasty .	enchiladas	positive
quality honest people .	people	positive
price is very competitive .	price	positive
best bar around .	bar around	positive
the staff in general were friendly however .	staff	positive
atmosphere is very nice and service was excellent .	atmosphere	positive
atmosphere is very nice and service was excellent .	service	positive
they always do a good job on my car .	car	positive
great atmosphere excellent service .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere excellent service .	service	positive
the other techs seem great .	techs	positive
we were welcomed by the staff and the service was excellent .	staff	positive
we were welcomed by the staff and the service was excellent .	service	positive
best place in scottsdale for prime rib period !	prime rib period	positive
i like diners and this feels like an old time diner .	diners	positive
i like diners and this feels like an old time diner .	diner	positive
it certainly can not be found at the salt cellar .	salt cellar	negative
communication & customer service are obviously not something this company values ... at all .	customer service	negative
i did n't get our servers name , but he was cordial and efficient .	servers	positive
good pizza !	pizza	positive
ok i did not get sick + _num_ hours from lunch .	lunch	positive
but the food and service was excellent .	food	positive
but the food and service was excellent .	service	positive
i 'm pretty sure he actually likes people !	people	positive
overlooked mahi and wet rice .	mahi	negative
overlooked mahi and wet rice .	wet rice	negative
it has the worst sushi rolls and drinks are n't even that cheap .	sushi rolls	negative
it has the worst sushi rolls and drinks are n't even that cheap .	drinks	negative
their bakery and prepared food counters are outstanding .	bakery	positive
their bakery and prepared food counters are outstanding .	prepared food counters	positive
finally , we 've enjoyed their genuinely friendly and efficient staff and management .	staff	positive
finally , we 've enjoyed their genuinely friendly and efficient staff and management .	management	positive
great restaurant !	restaurant	positive
the best place in scottsdale hands down !	place	positive
the staff is friendly and concerned about your comfort .	staff	positive
the salon is always clean and provides late appointments some days .	salon	positive
our wedding was beautiful , more than i ever expected .	wedding	positive
after more than _num_ hours i received a call from the owner .	owner	positive
terrible service !	service	negative
rose was our waitress , bartender , and cashier .	waitress	positive
rose was our waitress , bartender , and cashier .	bartender	positive
rose was our waitress , bartender , and cashier .	cashier	positive
can not go wrong with santisi brothers .	santisi	positive
this is a family favorite place .	place	positive
the ones here are good .	ones	positive
a burger is $ _num_ .	burger	positive
the wines are very mediocre , we actually liked the new mexican wines better .	wines	negative
the wines are very mediocre , we actually liked the new mexican wines better .	wines	negative
i really do n't like this store .	store	negative
great wings !	wings	positive
fast , friendly service of ice cream .	service of ice cream	positive
i 've been there several times and always have great food .	food	positive
the server was attentive which was nice .	server	positive
the food was n't very good , however .	food	negative
we both agreed our burgers were the best we had ever eaten .	burgers	positive
the scottsdale waterfront location is even worse .	scottsdale waterfront location	positive
the decor was seriously lacking .	decor	negative
we ordered chowder and fried cod , with fries and coleslaw .	chowder and fried cod	positive
we ordered chowder and fried cod , with fries and coleslaw .	fries	positive
we ordered chowder and fried cod , with fries and coleslaw .	coleslaw	positive
i just came from salon and felt bad and disappointed .	salon	negative
service amazing .	service	positive
my favorite mexican food !	mexican food	positive
my dog especially likes licking the bagel bag and drinking the fine water .	bagel bag	positive
my dog especially likes licking the bagel bag and drinking the fine water .	water	positive
best resort in america !	resort	positive
great steak salad and amazing coconut shrimp .	steak salad	positive
great steak salad and amazing coconut shrimp .	coconut shrimp	positive
the docents are knowledgeable and very friendly .	docents	positive
love the food !	food	positive
the pool and shuffleboard tables are a bit of a squeeze .	pool	negative
the pool and shuffleboard tables are a bit of a squeeze .	shuffleboard tables	negative
great jewelry and art to choose from !	jewelry	positive
great jewelry and art to choose from !	art	positive
fantastic experience !	experience	positive
ra is the worst place to go for sushi .	sushi	negative
the shop is always clean .	shop	positive
the sandwiches were cold , dry and unappetizing and the bread was stale .	sandwiches	negative
the sandwiches were cold , dry and unappetizing and the bread was stale .	bread	negative
their pizza is the best in my area , by far .	pizza	positive
it 's very sad and i have no idea how she stays in business .	business	negative
from start to finish the show lasted _num_ hours including a great dinner .	dinner	positive
this was the worst food i ever had in my life .	food	negative
it had a fishy taste , which was awkward and did n't smell pleasant .	taste	negative
i rate both these employees a _num_ !	employees	positive
the show was good though , sound is n't too bad .	show	positive
the show was good though , sound is n't too bad .	sound	positive
we 've been numerous times and always , always have a fantastic meal .	meal	positive
people are friendly , gracious and most of all fair !	people	positive
new asian kitchen is our new fave !	asian kitchen	positive
came here for dinner with a large group of friends .	dinner	positive
best part of this place is the grocery .	grocery	positive
boyfriend & i were in scottsdale for golf vacation so breakfast was a must .	golf	positive
boyfriend & i were in scottsdale for golf vacation so breakfast was a must .	breakfast	positive
i highly recommend this doctor and this overall office for anything eye related .	office	positive
this place is good .	place	positive
however , this time it did n't cut the mustard .	mustard	negative
owner very engaging and made sure were pleased .	owner	positive
i would definitely recommend the chambord margarita .	chambord margarita	positive
i guess they have no requirements .	requirements	negative
the food is excellent and the drinks are amazing !	food	positive
the food is excellent and the drinks are amazing !	drinks	positive
mediocre food .	food	negative
i asked where i could wait .	wait	negative
i can keep my money and spend it elsewhere though .	money	negative
the patio is amazing and they have the best margarita 's in town .	patio	positive
the patio is amazing and they have the best margarita 's in town .	margarita 's	positive
i always walk out of the salon more confident with my beautiful hair .	hair	positive
patio is great for people watching especially when the weather is nice .	patio	positive
this place was very dirty .	place	negative
the salsa is the best !	salsa	positive
poor drinks .	drinks	negative
great sports bar in old town .	sports bar	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
great bar , great food , unreal service.	bar	positive
great bar , great food , unreal service.	food	positive
great bar , great food , unreal service.	service.	positive
great food .	food	positive
i have to say this place is fucking amazing like wow .	place	positive
i ordered the pulled pork sandwich combo with chili .	pulled pork sandwich combo with chili	positive
food was great .	food	positive
i rarely write negative reviews but this location is terrible .	location	negative
the sauce for the gyros is amazing and goes great on everything .	sauce for the gyros	positive
went here for easter lunch and shows .	easter lunch	positive
went here for easter lunch and shows .	shows	positive
make no mistake ... bread basket does not make their own products !	bread basket	negative
only to be told that their machine is down for cleaning .	machine	negative
your store owner lost a customer .	store owner	negative
your store owner lost a customer .	customer	negative
i always come back because it is delicious and so worth the wait !	wait	positive
just avoid this place , use anyone else .	place	negative
unfortunately , i was disappointed with this fish store on several levels .	fish store	negative
night swim is great for families !	night swim	positive
they discounted our food , not our drinks .	food	negative
they discounted our food , not our drinks .	drinks	negative
the warranty company then refused to fix it .	warranty company	negative
does take a while but it just makes the food taste better !	food	positive
we waited over half an hour to get menus and then only got _num_ .	menus	negative
the food was poor quality and fair at best !	food	negative
the food was poor quality and fair at best !	quality	negative
just cash or check only .	cash	negative
just cash or check only .	check	negative
they have good portion sizes .	portion sizes	positive
after all the outstanding reviews i tried the chicken shawarma sandwich and some hummus .	chicken shawarma sandwich	positive
after all the outstanding reviews i tried the chicken shawarma sandwich and some hummus .	hummus	positive
this is the best corn bread on the planet .	corn bread	positive
he finished two other hair cuts and then walked away .	hair cuts	negative
our service was very kind with us !	service	positive
really , you can not make a basic staple dish of thailand ?	staple dish	negative
papago has the best selection of beers i 've ever seen .	papago	positive
papago has the best selection of beers i 've ever seen .	selection of beers	positive
charging for ice tea refills ?	ice tea refills	negative
mike was very helpful , professional and very knowledgeable .	mike	positive
$ _num_ `` harris ranch '' filet well .	harris ranch	positive
$ _num_ `` harris ranch '' filet well .	filet	positive
and the facility is beautiful .	facility	positive
waited _num_ minutes for a passport pic and no one else was in line !	passport pic	negative
cockroaches in my room .	room	negative
it is everything you expect from a great high end chain .	chain	positive
this place is fucking awful .	place	negative
i would rather live in a box on the street than live here .	box	negative
i always feel great knowing i washed my own car when i leave .	car	positive
good local family business .	family business	positive
i would love to come back and see another performance here .	performance	positive
best breakfast ever !	breakfast	positive
this is a decent place .	place	positive
and everyone loved the bean burritos .	bean burritos	positive
she has helped us through many difficult times , offering sound veterinarian advice .	veterinarian	positive
my husbands burger was flat out disgusting .	husbands burger	negative
simply because of the rude employees .	employees	negative
ra was amazing .	ra	positive
just dump stuff in the eggs and you 're done .	stuff	negative
just dump stuff in the eggs and you 're done .	eggs	negative
also , excellent day spa !	day spa	positive
very , very pricey but worth if you want a small but elegant affair .	affair	positive
the entrees we ordered were delicious.	entrees	positive
live music was fantastic .	live music	positive
russ was a well qualified tech .	russ	positive
russ was a well qualified tech .	tech	positive
great seating !	seating	positive
nice spot .	spot	positive
pizza margherita had no basil and was very bland and mushy .	pizza margherita	negative
pizza margherita had no basil and was very bland and mushy .	basil	negative
do n't expect a fancy interior , it is all about the food !	interior	positive
do n't expect a fancy interior , it is all about the food !	food	positive
the lamb kabob was delicious too , and it came out very fast !	lamb kabob	positive
the spinach artichoke dip is stuff full off artichoke and is very tasty .	spinach artichoke dip	positive
considering that , this place rocks .	place	positive
our meals have always been very good .	meals	positive
so i am calling the gm tomorrow to get some answers .	gm	positive
server was great and gave us plenty of personal space .	server	positive
server was great and gave us plenty of personal space .	personal space	positive
the pad thai is also very nice .	pad thai	positive
my first time in arizona , this place is amazing !	place	positive
the dip duo queso is like heaven in your mouth .	dip duo queso	positive
the sauce is divine !	sauce	positive
nice thai place right by where i live .	thai place	positive
the pool is huge and there is always a great crowd .	pool	positive
the pool is huge and there is always a great crowd .	crowd	positive
this is the worst car wash i 've ever been to .	car wash	negative
i refuse to support a business that does n't have reasonable customer service policies .	customer service policies	negative
aside from the talent the service is pretty bad .	service	negative
tonight , i tasted their dark chocolate caramel bar with sea salt !	dark chocolate caramel bar with sea salt	positive
yes i 'm a fan and loyal customer .	customer	positive
the care is the best .	care	positive
terrific facility and staff .	facility	positive
terrific facility and staff .	staff	positive
i emailed over copies of the receipts for the carpet cleaning .	carpet cleaning	positive
- no gps .	gps	negative
another _num_ minutes had gone by and we had not seen our waitress .	waitress	negative
worst customer service !	customer service	negative
she went on and on and on about how horrible her nails look .	nails	negative
the atmosphere is cool and upbeat .	atmosphere	positive
food took quite awhile , and when it arrived was barely warm .	food	negative
this place is the best .	place	positive
they do great work at reasonable prices .	prices	positive
for my meal i went with my friend 's recommendation of the stacked enchiladas .	meal	positive
for my meal i went with my friend 's recommendation of the stacked enchiladas .	stacked enchiladas	positive
waste of money and time .	money	negative
i went because i was given a $ _num_ gift certificate .	gift certificate	positive
chair comfort for zero .	chair comfort	negative
i have gotten better service at a taco bell .	service	negative
_num_ ) the owner and the servers are jerks .	owner	negative
_num_ ) the owner and the servers are jerks .	servers	negative
$ _num_ for breakfast was not worth it .	breakfast	negative
and do n't be fooled by the gate .	gate	positive
that 's _num_ hours after doors opening .	doors	positive
there was garbage floating in the bottom and true pond scum floating there .	garbage	negative
there was garbage floating in the bottom and true pond scum floating there .	pond scum	negative
i went in to buy a used kia soul .	used kia soul	positive
very average pizza .	pizza	negative
_num_ ) ambience .	ambience	positive
the most amazing view and amazing service !	view	positive
the most amazing view and amazing service !	service	positive
great service .	service	positive
_num_ stars for the stetson chopped salad alone .	stetson chopped salad	positive
super friendly owners !	owners	positive
best calzone ever !	calzone	positive
awful food and even worse service .	food	negative
awful food and even worse service .	service	negative
the service was excellent .	service	positive
i was very disappointed with this place .	place	negative
food came out within _num_ minutes today and was great as usual .	food	positive
i really hate this place !	place	negative
went to tee pee mexican food who could not have been more accommodating .	mexican food	positive
fruit with the eggs was fresh and cool .	fruit	positive
fruit with the eggs was fresh and cool .	eggs	positive
this use to be my favorite place to eat .	place	positive
these are a great value .	value	positive
i had a horrible experience in the children 's section at this location .	children	negative
i had a horrible experience in the children 's section at this location .	location	negative
the best part was the dessert .	dessert	positive
love this place !	place	positive
yes he did take it apart to tell me there was a part missing .	part	negative
the last thing that kills me about this place is how overpriced it is .	place	negative
_num_ sweet sour chicken ... very good .	sweet sour chicken	positive
very friendly staff !	staff	positive
love the wild mushroom dish .	wild mushroom dish	positive
the staff is poorly trained .	staff	negative
the frozen chinese at walmart is better than this stuff .	frozen chinese	positive
i hate this place and i will never stay here again .	place	negative
do n't think i will ever go back there again and save you money .	money	negative
it is a garage , and its a great one at that .	garage	positive
apparently they ca n't tell the different between legs and breast .	legs	negative
apparently they ca n't tell the different between legs and breast .	breast	negative
love this place !	place	positive
great little place , looking forward to going back !	place	positive
probably the worst dining experience of my life .	dining experience	negative
this place is horrible .	place	negative
the orange table is awesome !	orange table	positive
really beautiful _num_ minute nature cruise .	_num_	positive
really beautiful _num_ minute nature cruise .	nature cruise	positive
nice patio space for those sunny days .	patio space	positive
my most favorite pasta next to my grandma 's .	pasta	positive
no stars for this hotel .	hotel	negative
best breakfast place hands down !	breakfast place	positive
the food is great and the owners and staff are so friendly and accommodating !	food	positive
the food is great and the owners and staff are so friendly and accommodating !	owners	positive
the food is great and the owners and staff are so friendly and accommodating !	staff	positive
salt river bus is not a reputable company .	bus	negative
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	wait	negative
the pesto was nothing more than chopped mint .	pesto	negative
the pesto was nothing more than chopped mint .	chopped mint	negative
always fresh love the teriyaki chicken with veggies .	teriyaki chicken with veggies	positive
$ _num_ with tip for both .	tip	positive
the rolls were messy and the cooking oil was dripping out of them .	rolls	negative
the rolls were messy and the cooking oil was dripping out of them .	cooking oil	negative
i also use full service if i need the interior cleaned too .	service	positive
i also use full service if i need the interior cleaned too .	interior	positive
it took a good _num_ months for the dresses to arrive .	dresses	positive
they went above and beyond customer service and just gained a customer for life .	service	positive
they know what they are doing and do it at a reasonable price .	price	positive
i love the food here .	food	positive
small decent patio on good for good weather months .	patio	positive
cheese spinach sandwich .	cheese spinach sandwich	positive
the beans had a layer of grease so thick , it was disgusting .	beans	negative
it was definitely not worth the price at all .	price	negative
it was a pinch of cheese in between two _num_ ' corn tortillas .	corn tortillas	negative
i ate some of his fries and they were very tasty .	fries	positive
dr. dan and his staff are exceptional .	staff	positive
the food is fabulous and the service is top notch .	food	positive
the food is fabulous and the service is top notch .	service	positive
the rest was rather bland .	rest	negative
they treated us and our pup with respect .	pup	positive
the cali burgers spot is what me and my friends call this place .	cali burgers spot	positive
their pricing is all reasonable and they 're very detail oriented .	pricing	positive
love grimaldi 's !	grimaldi 's	positive
outstanding customer service but a little pricey on some items .	customer service	positive
fabulous service !	service	positive
the place is laid back with some awesome beers .	place	positive
the place is laid back with some awesome beers .	beers	positive
it 's really obvious that msg is and everything .	msg	positive
outstanding food and service all the way around .	food	positive
outstanding food and service all the way around .	service	positive
try one of the specialty margaritas , they are fabulous !	specialty margaritas	positive
i loved the music .	music	positive
the food was excellent , the atmosphere and ambiance is incredible .	food	positive
the food was excellent , the atmosphere and ambiance is incredible .	atmosphere	positive
the food was excellent , the atmosphere and ambiance is incredible .	ambiance	positive
hot tip - eat in the bar area .	bar area	positive
i love this salon !	salon	positive
service was attentive .	service	positive
it was a great pizza and balanced well .	pizza	positive
the dj was amazing he got me dancing all night long .	dj	positive
great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
homemade tortillas always fresh and delicious !	homemade tortillas	positive
absolutely _num_ % old people food .	food	positive
its worth the odd office building location .	office building location	positive
finally , i went in and said just give me the chair .	chair	negative
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .	fridge	negative
there is a layer of dirt all over the walls and flooring .	walls	negative
there is a layer of dirt all over the walls and flooring .	flooring	negative
but then again tempe is a strange place .	tempe	negative
but then again tempe is a strange place .	place	negative
i highly recommend honest air .	air	positive
if you love wine , you 'll love this place .	wine	positive
if you love wine , you 'll love this place .	place	positive
i stopped because i thought it would be fun to have fake nails again .	fake nails	negative
when we were sat , no one helped us .	sat	negative
_num_ minutes later , the sushi arrives and is sub par .	sushi	negative
the prices of events are also reasonable , so that is good .	prices of events	positive
malee 's is one of our favorites !	malee	positive
these folks know what they are doing .	folks	positive
must absolutely try the coffee soda !	coffee soda	positive
with a drink and tip , i spent over $ _num_ .	drink	negative
with a drink and tip , i spent over $ _num_ .	tip	positive
a _num_ % discount is always good .	discount	positive
this place is yummy !	place	positive
the service is always great .	service	positive
the food and wine are amazing .	food	positive
the food and wine are amazing .	wine	positive
excellent selection on tap and in bottles , and a knowledgeable staff .	selection	positive
excellent selection on tap and in bottles , and a knowledgeable staff .	bottles	positive
excellent selection on tap and in bottles , and a knowledgeable staff .	staff	positive
poor quality food .	quality food	negative
this is a great salon to change your hair style !	salon	positive
this is a great salon to change your hair style !	hair	positive
the coffee bar was great for while you were waiting for a table .	coffee bar	positive
the coffee bar was great for while you were waiting for a table .	table	positive
my friend had ordered two more beers , and the bartender dropped them off .	beers	negative
my friend had ordered two more beers , and the bartender dropped them off .	bartender	positive
the receptionist was not friendly or helpful .	receptionist	negative
teachers are amazing .	teachers	positive
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	service	negative
pizza is always good .	pizza	positive
i will not be going back to this location .	location	negative
the sound at each show was just as terrible .	sound	negative
first off , the apartments itself .	apartments	positive
excellent food .	food	positive
she kept the financial part reasonable and also helped with the prescription costs .	financial	positive
she kept the financial part reasonable and also helped with the prescription costs .	prescription costs	positive
i know it sounds simple but their chicken fingers are the best .	chicken fingers	positive
this place has some of the best pizza in arizona .	pizza	positive
awesome dentist and awesome staff ... what else need to be said ?	dentist	positive
awesome dentist and awesome staff ... what else need to be said ?	staff	positive
she is a very very nice lady too !	lady	positive
we waited _num_ minutes after we finished our dinner to get our check .	dinner	negative
we waited _num_ minutes after we finished our dinner to get our check .	check	negative
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	food	negative
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	service	negative
i love the seasoned salt fries .	seasoned salt fries	positive
i should have stuck to my gut feeling and ordered pizza .	pizza	negative
i went here last friday night and it is a very solid bar !	bar	positive
great for the hungry and the healthy .	hungry	positive
there is a wide selection and variety of booths and items .	booths	positive
there is a wide selection and variety of booths and items .	items	positive
you will love the red sauce here .	red sauce	positive
too much nice entertainment around for your dollars than this place .	entertainment	negative
three of us had seats at the bar and two were standing behind .	seats	negative
three of us had seats at the bar and two were standing behind .	bar	negative
it 's good of them to allow this and it 's a quality facility .	facility	positive
complained about bugs and lack of service in july .	service	negative
this place is always fun , the bartenders are always great .	place	positive
this place is always fun , the bartenders are always great .	bartenders	positive
the station 's understanding of new jazz is far off .	new jazz	positive
plus , the people are really friendly !	people	positive
good food .	food	positive
great pizza and salads !	pizza	positive
two of the nine diners went hungry despite a $ _num_ bill .	diners	negative
two of the nine diners went hungry despite a $ _num_ bill .	bill	negative
the chips had an `` old oil '' taste .	chips	positive
fast , friendly , affordable service , i will return .	service	positive
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .	place	positive
after _num_ minutes , all we had was water .	water	negative
thank you for making this repair a simple and painless process !	repair	positive
terrible service ; management could care less about customer satisfaction .	service	negative
terrible service ; management could care less about customer satisfaction .	management	negative
i do n't care how good it is , syrup ai n't $ _num_ .	syrup	negative
i loved the tamale sampler and the coconut flan .	tamale sampler	positive
i loved the tamale sampler and the coconut flan .	coconut flan	positive
these guys were able to fit me in quickly and did a good job .	guys	positive
wine selection is phenomenal .	wine selection	positive
great wings , good pizza , great service .	wings	positive
great wings , good pizza , great service .	pizza	positive
great wings , good pizza , great service .	service	positive
just left them on he checkout and proceeded to ring another customer up .	checkout	negative
just left them on he checkout and proceeded to ring another customer up .	customer	negative
overall , great steakhouse that you should eat at .	steakhouse	positive
excellent taste .	taste	positive
this is the best place to eat breakfast in the valley hands down .	place	positive
this is the best place to eat breakfast in the valley hands down .	breakfast	positive
it 's casual , small , and the food is really tasty .	food	positive
the owners are fair and honest , helpful and efficient .	owners	positive
there seems to be constant turnover in staff .	staff	positive
i have n't been to depot cantina in several years .	depot cantina	negative
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !	cheese pies	positive
everyone who works there besides this nail tech is amazing at everything they do !	nail tech	positive
i would like to have the drinks shortly after the chips and salsa .	drinks	positive
i would like to have the drinks shortly after the chips and salsa .	chips	positive
i would like to have the drinks shortly after the chips and salsa .	salsa	positive
my advice if you go : try the mozzarella salad .	mozzarella salad	positive
the staff is amazing , everyone is really nice and they love animals .	staff	positive
the staff is amazing , everyone is really nice and they love animals .	animals	positive
the food was excellent .	food	positive
yup , good place .	place	positive
where do i begin on this crap fest ?	crap fest	negative
way better than the filibertos type places .	filibertos type	negative
the food is consistent and the patio is perfect for date night .	food	positive
the food is consistent and the patio is perfect for date night .	patio	positive
beautiful decoration and great service .	decoration	positive
beautiful decoration and great service .	service	positive
worst gyro ever it was greasy , very little meat and sauce .	gyro	negative
worst gyro ever it was greasy , very little meat and sauce .	meat	negative
worst gyro ever it was greasy , very little meat and sauce .	sauce	negative
as far as the food goes , i think the gyros are pretty decent .	food	positive
as far as the food goes , i think the gyros are pretty decent .	gyros	positive
there 's always a pipe bursting somewhere so the waters constantly off .	pipe	negative
there 's always a pipe bursting somewhere so the waters constantly off .	waters	negative
the food and service were the best i ever had .	food	positive
the food and service were the best i ever had .	service	positive
they 've got a great pizza .	pizza	positive
they were soooooo nice and helpful at this store !	store	positive
oh , and the food is actually good !	food	positive
the cannolis are pretty much perfect .	cannolis	positive
the rice was way too sticky .	rice	negative
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
service is excellent .	service	positive
the margaritas were watered down .	margaritas	negative
it appears the old management has left and started a different restaurant elsewhere .	management	negative
i am happy to say i live pretty close to this place !	place	positive
great conversation .	conversation	positive
eventually ordered a large half garden , half margarita .	half garden , half margarita	positive
and this walgreens is so freaking clean and neat .	walgreens	positive
the baby back ribs , prime rib , and broasted chicken were are delightful .	baby back ribs	positive
the baby back ribs , prime rib , and broasted chicken were are delightful .	prime rib	positive
personally , i 'd rather skip a meal than go here .	meal	negative
this is completely unacceptable for any restaurant .	restaurant	negative
jill was very patient with me and my receipts .	jill	positive
jill was very patient with me and my receipts .	receipts	positive
amazing cheesesteaks !	cheesesteaks	positive
i really enjoyed both but especially the roasted red pepper !	roasted red pepper	positive
favorite appetizer ( and the only one in my opinion ) : mini tacos .	appetizer	positive
favorite appetizer ( and the only one in my opinion ) : mini tacos .	mini tacos	positive
you can even stop by the post office inside !	post office	positive
take my word for it ... the stetson chopped salad is a treat .	stetson chopped salad	positive
great experience , had someone out for an estimate .	estimate	positive
great job .	job	positive
even the sides were great .	sides	positive
my husband ordered the spicy garlic chicken with rice .	spicy garlic chicken with rice	positive
i highly recommend their sandwiches .	sandwiches	positive
tortilla was falling apart and super crispy .	tortilla	positive
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	place	negative
easily the best tacos i have had here in az , perhaps ca also .	tacos	positive
food sounds great but tastes quite bland .	food	positive
friendly staff .	staff	positive
no frills dive bar with awesome staff and surprisingly great bar food .	dive bar	positive
no frills dive bar with awesome staff and surprisingly great bar food .	staff	positive
no frills dive bar with awesome staff and surprisingly great bar food .	bar food	positive
the wait staff is efficient and friendly .	wait staff	positive
the girl waiting on customers is rude .	girl	negative
the girl waiting on customers is rude .	customers	negative
really horrible apartment complex .	apartment complex	negative
the service along with the hookah service is bad .	service	negative
the service along with the hookah service is bad .	hookah service	negative
paste that has been sitting in a bucket for _num_ days .	paste	negative
paste that has been sitting in a bucket for _num_ days .	bucket	negative
i ate some sticky rice just to get by .	sticky rice	negative
that is some serious customer service .	customer service	positive
my kids loved the pancakes !	pancakes	positive
shredded iceberg lettuce was the only vegetable .	shredded iceberg lettuce	negative
shredded iceberg lettuce was the only vegetable .	vegetable	negative
love this place ... very intimate atmosphere .	place	positive
love this place ... very intimate atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the service was excellent .	service	positive
ordered steak fajitas and there was hardly any meat in them .	steak fajitas	negative
ordered steak fajitas and there was hardly any meat in them .	meat	negative
they are professional , friendly and their prices are super great !	prices	positive
the best part is during happy hour you can get it for half price !	half price	positive
the only issue i had was with the dryer .	dryer	negative
thank you zizzo crew !	zizzo crew	positive
so , i pay with my credit card .	credit	negative
nice job on the service provided .	service	positive
good messages and comfortable to be there .	messages	positive
i really liked this course .	course	positive
the server was taking another ladies order when i sat down .	server	negative
the server was taking another ladies order when i sat down .	ladies	negative
i love pumpkin coffee which they offer in menu for holiday season .	pumpkin coffee	positive
i love pumpkin coffee which they offer in menu for holiday season .	menu	positive
i love pink bubble gum with cream .	pink bubble gum with cream	positive
excellent food , service and ambience .	food	positive
excellent food , service and ambience .	service	positive
excellent food , service and ambience .	ambience	positive
a bed bug , is a bed bug , regardless !	bed bug	positive
absolutely delicious food .	food	positive
we also had bruschetta and salad , both of which were also delicious .	bruschetta	positive
we also had bruschetta and salad , both of which were also delicious .	salad	positive
the radio station is the best !	radio station	positive
i 'm not a fan of this walgreens for a few simple reasons .	walgreens	negative
good subs at an expected price .	subs	positive
good subs at an expected price .	price	positive
such good food ... portions are as large as what fits .	food	positive
such good food ... portions are as large as what fits .	portions	positive
scarlett is the best stylist in the valley hands down .	valley	positive
the slices were very thick , and my jaw still hurts from chewing .	slices	negative
the wings were cold and super fatty !	wings	negative
unexpectedly well stocked korean market .	korean market	positive
she has been phenomenal , just like the rest of the staff .	staff	positive
the ribs were tender just not as flavorful as one would have thought .	ribs	negative
worst place i have ever lived !	place	negative
no one at the hostess stand smiled or greeted us when we walked in .	hostess stand	negative
i 've never dined inside the restaurant , but the patio is gorgeous .	patio	positive
dog friendly and fair priced .	dog	positive
dog friendly and fair priced .	priced	positive
not the quality i expected .	quality	negative
the food is absolutely delicious !	food	positive
how much is good pizza worth ?	pizza	positive
love tottie 's !	tottie 's	positive
the owner is attentive and kind .	owner	positive
take a little long for delivery but it 's well worth the wait .	delivery	positive
take a little long for delivery but it 's well worth the wait .	wait	positive
too bad their prices do n't reflect that intimate small club feel .	prices	negative
this is a great breakfast or lunch standby in downtown chandler .	breakfast	positive
this is a great breakfast or lunch standby in downtown chandler .	lunch	positive
the pork was dry , the sauce was watery , the potatoes undercooked .	pork	negative
the pork was dry , the sauce was watery , the potatoes undercooked .	sauce	negative
the pork was dry , the sauce was watery , the potatoes undercooked .	potatoes	negative
the staff here is super friendly .	staff	positive
i recommend this place .	place	positive
gyros are fantastic as well , they put just the right amount of sauce .	gyros	positive
gyros are fantastic as well , they put just the right amount of sauce .	sauce	positive
the facilities were great - very beautiful .	facilities	positive
we not only get the delivery but we go there as well .	delivery	positive
this place is small , locally owned and awesome !	place	negative
calling my review a rant is not good customer service .	customer service	negative
best prices in the valley & good , honest people .	prices	positive
the hostess , the first and last impression was horrible .	hostess	negative
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	service	negative
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	pace	negative
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	courses	negative
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	waits	negative
have really enjoyed this location both when busy and quiet .	location	positive
high pressure sales and poor cleaning .	sales	negative
high pressure sales and poor cleaning .	cleaning	negative
well their selection is n't too bad ... .	selection	positive
good place , i like the ambience .	place	positive
good place , i like the ambience .	ambience	positive
great service !	service	positive
have an oj it is fresh squeezed and delish !	oj	positive
yay chandler !	chandler	positive
i noticed others getting nice cuts also .	cuts	positive
the food was great too .	food	positive
the best veggie quesadilla i 've had in a long time !	veggie quesadilla	positive
i am so pleased with my surgery as well !	surgery	positive
love this nursery !	nursery	positive
excellent , fast , knowledgeable customer service !	customer service	positive
breakfast was ok , but nothing special .	breakfast	negative
please check them and ask for the manager thomas .	manager	positive
the service here is top notch .	service	positive
other than the half a hour wait , the wings were really good .	wait	negative
other than the half a hour wait , the wings were really good .	wings	positive
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .	phx	positive
this store does not have a large selection of items .	items	negative
could n't have asked for a better experience so thank you brilliant bridal !	bridal	positive
we love love loved the food .	food	positive
overall pretty good , but nothing spectacular food wise .	food	negative
terrible experience .	experience	negative
the second sandwich was a grilled chicken dish wrapped in a pita .	sandwich	negative
the second sandwich was a grilled chicken dish wrapped in a pita .	grilled chicken dish	negative
the second sandwich was a grilled chicken dish wrapped in a pita .	pita	negative
probably the worst pizza i have ever had .	pizza	negative
this place delivered !	place delivered	positive
great italian meal .	italian meal	positive
worth stopping by if your in the area .	area	positive
`` what about all this fake sugar on the table for our coffee ?	sugar	negative
`` what about all this fake sugar on the table for our coffee ?	coffee	negative
many folks have mentioned the jazz , and it certainly lives up to expectations .	jazz	positive
we also loved the trout and their hamburgers .	trout	positive
we also loved the trout and their hamburgers .	hamburgers	positive
i would not recommend eating here unless they change management .	management	negative
overall , not a good spot for foodies .	spot	negative
what she was served was overcooked chicken in an overly sweet sauce .	chicken	negative
what she was served was overcooked chicken in an overly sweet sauce .	sauce	negative
the management does n't care about your living situations and are so disrespectful .	management	negative
the food at the grotto is exceptional ... hence almost _num_ years of business .	food	positive
the tuna salad was mediocre .	tuna salad	negative
once seated , the server was attentive and had a great smile .	server	positive
i was very disappointed after visiting this store .	store	negative
they have the best kimchi in the valley !	kimchi	positive
forever for the check , which was not worth the price .	check	negative
forever for the check , which was not worth the price .	price	negative
however that was where our enjoyment ended .	enjoyment	negative
the complimentary chips and salsa were also very fresh .	chips	positive
the complimentary chips and salsa were also very fresh .	salsa	positive
so yes the old owner was horrible .	owner	negative
well ... always get the orange whip .	orange whip	positive
con : the food sucked .	food	negative
so the bill was $ _num_ for two small pastas and one meatball .	bill	positive
so the bill was $ _num_ for two small pastas and one meatball .	pastas	negative
so the bill was $ _num_ for two small pastas and one meatball .	meatball	positive
the carmel and chocolate sundaes were ok but nothing spectacular .	carmel and chocolate sundaes	negative
this is just a just a hole .	hole	negative
i recommend the apple fritter or a strawberry cake donut .	apple fritter	positive
i recommend the apple fritter or a strawberry cake donut .	strawberry cake donut	positive
other than that no discount , no consideration .	discount	negative
total disaster .	total	negative
the food is amazing and all of the staff are really nice !	food	positive
the food is amazing and all of the staff are really nice !	staff	positive
a little pricy for just one and that had no beans or rice with .	beans	negative
a little pricy for just one and that had no beans or rice with .	rice with	negative
the mediterranean salad is very good as well .	mediterranean salad	positive
i am in for an oil change and some other service related items .	oil change	positive
i am in for an oil change and some other service related items .	service	negative
great delivery !	delivery	positive
restaurants ca n't refuse to take to go order .	order	negative
warning : horrible service do not come here !	service	negative
the pecan one was dry and the other one was average .	pecan one	negative
relaxed and good food that is not expensive .	food	positive
i 've always had really great service .	service	positive
they also have an awesome band .	band	positive
the short gentleman approved and was so rude and condescending to us .	short gentleman	negative
i got a chimichanga and it was the best i have ever had !	chimichanga	positive
how can a bowling alley be so awful ?	bowling alley	negative
very friendly bartender and fellow patron .	bartender	positive
the food was very bland .	food	negative
one hour later , no beer bites and we had to leave .	beer bites	negative
the band was not so great i think they were rock lobster .	band	negative
best dentist i have been to so far !	dentist	positive
went on sunday , the place was relatively quiet with maybe _num_ tables filled .	place	negative
went on sunday , the place was relatively quiet with maybe _num_ tables filled .	tables	negative
great place for chinese food .	chinese food	positive
i sent my family tonight for dinner .	dinner	positive
he 's always on top of things and he makes the application process smooth .	application process	positive
i really like this place !	place	positive
friendly staff and reasonable pricing .	staff	positive
friendly staff and reasonable pricing .	pricing	positive
thank you amber !	amber	positive
oddly enough , they do n't match their own online prices .	prices	negative
the best `` mashed potatoes '' you have ever tasted .	mashed potatoes	positive
best horchata i have had .	horchata	positive
if that describes you , this place is a pretty good choice .	place	positive
horrible dentist .	dentist	negative
how does this place maintain such a stellar reputation ?	place	positive
the service was excellent friendly and i ordered the prime rib .	service	positive
the service was excellent friendly and i ordered the prime rib .	prime rib	positive
the omelets look delicious !	omelets	positive
best store ever !	store	positive
i love their restaurant too !	restaurant	positive
if i could , i would give this place zero stars !	place	negative
i waited _num_ minutes for pizza !	pizza	positive
omg .	omg	positive
what a great place for kids .	place	positive
the beef broccoli was not our favorite as it was sweet .	beef broccoli	negative
absolutely the best customer service !	customer service	positive
this place definitely made our sunday night even greater !	place	positive
this place definitely made our sunday night even greater !	sunday	positive
the service was slow with refills and the restaurant was not busy .	service	negative
do not waste your time and money !	money	positive
one of my favorite pizza delivery places in the gilbert area .	pizza delivery	positive
we arrived on a sunday for lunch .	lunch	positive
the mini chimichanga was delicious .	mini chimichanga	positive
it was pretty noisy inside with the music and other noise .	music	negative
high quality food for very little money .	food	negative
high quality food for very little money .	money	negative
jesse - best butcher !	butcher	positive
excellent service and food .	service	positive
excellent service and food .	food	positive
food was really expensive .	food	negative
i hate giving bad reviews and i really want to like this place .	place	positive
never get my online order in less than an hour .	online order	negative
i personally like the border bowl but everything is good .	border bowl	positive
always fantastic service and great people !	service	positive
always fantastic service and great people !	people	positive
great place for food and drinks .	drinks	positive
kazimierz was recommended to me by our valet on the way to dinner .	valet	positive
kazimierz was recommended to me by our valet on the way to dinner .	dinner	positive
i had high hopes for this place but man was i let down !	place	negative
worst chinese food i 've ever had .	chinese food	negative
went in for lunch around 1pm .	lunch	positive
i asked if there was a waiting list , and the hostess said yes .	waiting list	positive
i asked if there was a waiting list , and the hostess said yes .	hostess	positive
elmer 's is a great , yummy part of chandler !	elmer	positive
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .	services	positive
i went in to buy a birthday gift and they lost a sale .	birthday gift	negative
i went in to buy a birthday gift and they lost a sale .	sale	negative
the office is small and comfortable .	office	negative
great vacation spot and we will be back !	vacation spot	positive
so the baby and i ended up waiting an hour for the car .	baby	negative
so the baby and i ended up waiting an hour for the car .	car	negative
consistently good food and we have always had outstanding service .	food	positive
consistently good food and we have always had outstanding service .	service	positive
this place is great for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
the asparagus was served plain with a little sesame seed on top .	asparagus	negative
the asparagus was served plain with a little sesame seed on top .	served	negative
the asparagus was served plain with a little sesame seed on top .	sesame seed	negative
server was great !	server	positive
about three weeks later my place was broken into .	place	negative
disgusting food , disgusting desserts .	food	negative
disgusting food , disgusting desserts .	desserts	negative
i love this store .	store	positive
never had either of these problems at any other jiffy lube .	jiffy lube	positive
nice people , nice food .	people	positive
nice people , nice food .	food	positive
i had the bbq ribs and my daughter had the prime rib .	bbq ribs	positive
i had the bbq ribs and my daughter had the prime rib .	daughter	positive
i had the bbq ribs and my daughter had the prime rib .	prime	positive
a great little no frills bar in the heart of old town .	no frills bar	positive
great flavor and really fresh food that 's homemade .	flavor	positive
great flavor and really fresh food that 's homemade .	food	positive
this has got to be the worst apartment complex i 've ever lived in .	apartment complex	negative
we walked in with no appt .	appt	negative
they have the best prices in the valley .	prices	positive
i love salon tru !	salon tru	positive
the food is always fantastic and they do a mean gin and tonic .	food	positive
the food is always fantastic and they do a mean gin and tonic .	gin and tonic	positive
great fast , friendly , honest , very respectable , and affordable service .	service	positive
the queso ( $ _num_ .	queso ( $	positive
they have great pizza and garlic bread .	pizza	positive
they have great pizza and garlic bread .	garlic bread	positive
my favorite greek restaurant !	greek	positive
wow , my food and was great !	food	positive
great decor !	decor	positive
love how the chef can bring the spice .	chef	positive
crust is perfectly fluffy and chewy .	crust	positive
discount tire will always be one of my favorite places to bring my business .	discount tire	positive
i recommend this place and i will be back !	place	positive
they will take that $ _num_ back if you have any returns .	$	negative
they will take that $ _num_ back if you have any returns .	returns	positive
its not the container that the cheese was purchased in .	container	negative
its not the container that the cheese was purchased in .	cheese	negative
i love smart auto .	auto	positive
keep in mind that this is pub fare .	pub fare	positive
salmon not tasty , salad over loaded with dressing .	salmon	negative
salmon not tasty , salad over loaded with dressing .	salad	negative
salmon not tasty , salad over loaded with dressing .	dressing	negative
the food was excellent as was the service .	food	positive
the food was excellent as was the service .	service	positive
highly recommend and am very appreciative of how good their customer service is !	customer service	positive
both were delicious and the sandwich was just as good the next day .	sandwich	positive
the portions are good and the food is consistently delicious .	portions	positive
the portions are good and the food is consistently delicious .	food	positive
they have some of the best mexican food around .	mexican food	positive
they 're so friendly and food is great .	food	positive
truly a professional dental office .	dental office	positive
oh , the mac and cheese is also delicious !	mac and cheese	positive
i 'm a girl , i love the fruity beers .	beers	positive
great way to breakfast !	breakfast	positive
ended up driving through taco bell on the way home , very irritated .	taco bell	negative
you are obviously treated poorly when you buy a coupon that they offer .	coupon	negative
the layout was pretty impressive as well .	layout	positive
the friendly & attentive service just makes everything better .	service	positive
great service .	service	positive
our waitress walked away from the table mid conversation , i was appalled .	waitress	negative
our waitress walked away from the table mid conversation , i was appalled .	table	negative
the fruit and avocado 's are consistently some of the best !	fruit	positive
the fruit and avocado 's are consistently some of the best !	avocado 's	positive
our waitress was pleasant but she was the only good thing about the place .	waitress	positive
our waitress was pleasant but she was the only good thing about the place .	place	negative
so they said come in and get some more different samples .	samples	negative
i dont think you can find a more honest mechanic around !	mechanic	negative
i was really impressed with this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
i also recommend the skillet cornbread , it 's very good !	skillet cornbread	positive
the wings were still hot but unfortunately not as tasteful as they looked .	wings	negative
overall i was disappointed in the service and overall experience .	service	negative
they had friendly staff and nice , live music .	staff	positive
they had friendly staff and nice , live music .	live music	positive
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	adovada	positive
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	chocolate bread pudding	positive
the food was downright bad .	food	negative
sorry , but if i see the truck again , i 'll pass by .	truck	negative
the wait staff was very friendly and very good .	wait staff	positive
love that aaa partners with such great companies : ) thank you !	aaa	positive
love that aaa partners with such great companies : ) thank you !	companies	positive
yeah , your customers are cheap and their time is cheap too .	customers	positive
yeah , your customers are cheap and their time is cheap too .	time	positive
big fan !	fan	positive
been to _num_ concerts this year .	concerts	positive
she explained that the waiter was new and his section was the biggest .	waiter	positive
she explained that the waiter was new and his section was the biggest .	section	positive
my girlfriend and i both ordered off the `` low fare dinner menu . ''	dinner menu	negative
went for lunch today , big mistake .	lunch	negative
this florist does amazing work , always perfect , always to my highest expectation .	florist	positive
happy hour was great food , great margaritas , great service .	food	positive
happy hour was great food , great margaritas , great service .	margaritas	positive
happy hour was great food , great margaritas , great service .	service	positive
love this place !	place	positive
great place , always stop in when i am in town .	place	positive
staff is super friendly .	staff	positive
i let him know my salmon was way undercooked and the rice was hard !	salmon	negative
i let him know my salmon was way undercooked and the rice was hard !	rice	negative
atmosphere was quiet and there is nothing modern about it .	atmosphere	negative
the host was an old italian man who was very very rude .	host	negative
the only friendly person that greeted me was the receptionist .	receptionist	positive
great for date night or a quick lunch .	lunch	positive
service call was $ _num_ .	service call	positive
upon check out i inquired about the _num_ resort fee on my bill .	bill	positive
the banana cream pie is a reason to return in itself , so delicious !	banana cream pie	positive
this gas station does not know what customer service is .	gas	negative
this gas station does not know what customer service is .	customer service	negative
great food everytime !	food	positive
such an arrogant manager !	manager	negative
they made me feel more relaxed about the situation .	situation	negative
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !	breakfast	positive
have stayed at a number of the top locations in scottsdale .	locations	positive
cooked to perfection , it 's juicy and sweet .	cooked	positive
the food is okay , but the ice cream sundaes were delicious !	food	positive
the food is okay , but the ice cream sundaes were delicious !	ice cream sundaes	positive
great service .	service	positive
i also like the price !	price	positive
excellent service .	service	positive
great location near aj 's .	location	positive
delicious all need dogs and a clean eating area .	dogs	positive
delicious all need dogs and a clean eating area .	eating area	positive
one would assume that my season passes would cover the promotion .	season passes	negative
mozzarella was obviously a costco purchase ( not bad though ) .	mozzarella	negative
mozzarella was obviously a costco purchase ( not bad though ) .	costco purchase	negative
recommended : domino 's new improved pizza is much better than their previous pizza .	pizza	positive
recommended : domino 's new improved pizza is much better than their previous pizza .	pizza	positive
this was such a waist if money and time i will never again return .	money	positive
the food was delicious !	food	positive
you can tell that they are committed to good customer service .	customer service	positive
my tooth still looks good as new !	tooth	positive
friendly and welcoming atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
cute little sandwich shop .	sandwich shop	positive
a great selection of beers from around world grace their menu .	selection of beers	positive
a great selection of beers from around world grace their menu .	menu	positive
you get a discount and the staff is extremely friendly to all !	staff	positive
thank you for always delivering good service and honest estimates !	service	positive
this is absolutely the worst starbucks ever .	starbucks	negative
calzones are great too .	calzones	positive
this is place is awesome !	place	positive
nice architecture and it even has an isolated place ( good for kids ) .	architecture	positive
nice architecture and it even has an isolated place ( good for kids ) .	place	positive
i also have enjoyed their desserts very much .	desserts	positive
anyways good bowling lanes and its plenty full of lanes .	bowling lanes	positive
i will never visit this place again .	place	negative
very poor customer service .	customer service	negative
worst car wash ever ... can i just give no stars ?	car wash	negative
either it 's poor service or it happens all the time .	service	negative
the service guys and manager have no sense of manners .	service guys	negative
the service guys and manager have no sense of manners .	manager	negative
best and most fabulous service !	service	positive
we sat here for _num_ minutes before a waitress came over .	waitress	negative
they have some great specials and the pizzas are great .	specials	positive
they have some great specials and the pizzas are great .	pizzas	positive
not only do they do a great job but their customer service is impeccable .	customer service	positive
john the manager was super nice !	manager	positive
plus my corn tortillas were far from fresh !	corn tortillas	negative
horrible service and lies about how they do things .	service	negative
its easy to see that all of the employees take pride in the business .	employees	positive
great staff with a friendly smile .	staff	positive
it 's a fun atmosphere , the bartender is really friendly and fun .	atmosphere	positive
it 's a fun atmosphere , the bartender is really friendly and fun .	bartender	positive
if you go - maybe stick with the eggs max with chorizo .	eggs max with chorizo	positive
it is the best mexican food i have had soo far .	mexican food	positive
will definitely be going back to tire pros !	tire pros	positive
for what it is it- this is great pizza and wings .	pizza	positive
for what it is it- this is great pizza and wings .	wings	positive
now the positives .	positives	positive
i 'm in heaven in this place and go back often .	place	positive
best egg sandwich ever !	egg sandwich	positive
kudos hi health !	health	positive
food and services were terrible -- will not return .	food	negative
food and services were terrible -- will not return .	services	negative
seriously some of the best fusion food i 've tasted .	fusion food	positive
it has amazing atmosphere , good food and relatively cheap .	atmosphere	positive
it has amazing atmosphere , good food and relatively cheap .	food	positive
probably the worst breakfast that i have ever had - both food and atmosphere .	breakfast	negative
probably the worst breakfast that i have ever had - both food and atmosphere .	food	negative
probably the worst breakfast that i have ever had - both food and atmosphere .	atmosphere	negative
because of that , i hired them to install my new dishwasher , .	dishwasher	positive
i tried the pecan chicken salad and it was very good .	pecan chicken salad	positive
this club needs to find a new staff to handle the tickets .	staff	negative
this club needs to find a new staff to handle the tickets .	tickets	negative
dark hair , glasses , sour face .	hair	negative
i recommend this place .	place	positive
bar is excellent and offers many specials and appetizers .	bar	positive
bar is excellent and offers many specials and appetizers .	specials	positive
bar is excellent and offers many specials and appetizers .	appetizers	positive
the chicken fajita burrito fundido was delicious !	chicken fajita burrito fundido	positive
if you are looking for a skin magician ... you found her !	skin	positive
definitely a fun little place to take people visiting in town !	place	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
good service .	service	positive
moral of the story - when going with a group , make reservations .	reservations	negative
my husband also ordered a bowl of minestrone .	bowl of minestrone	positive
they use real italian sausage and other quality ingredients .	italian sausage	positive
they use real italian sausage and other quality ingredients .	ingredients	positive
prompt and friendly service .	service	positive
service was good and i will return and/or recommend .	service	positive
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
best thai food in az !	thai food	positive
the food was not great , matter of fact it was a bit disappointing .	food	negative
the staff was not the friendliest and the atmosphere was drab .	staff	negative
the staff was not the friendliest and the atmosphere was drab .	atmosphere	negative
marriott 's have their pristine reputation for a reason .	marriott	positive
what was the total cost for _num_ minutes of this entertainment ?	cost	negative
what was the total cost for _num_ minutes of this entertainment ?	entertainment	negative
excellent and fast service !	service	positive
hey it 's a starbucks !	starbucks	positive
the people and service is always great , and the scenery is absolutely beautiful !	people	positive
the people and service is always great , and the scenery is absolutely beautiful !	service	positive
the people and service is always great , and the scenery is absolutely beautiful !	scenery	positive
honest and no bs !	bs	positive
the food was fantastic !	food	positive
clean bathrooms !	bathrooms	positive
i had a cold wet soggy burrito by the time i got my salsa .	burrito	negative
i had a cold wet soggy burrito by the time i got my salsa .	salsa	negative
the food is delicious and plentiful .	food	positive
a good breakfast joint with a great view .	breakfast joint	positive
a good breakfast joint with a great view .	view	positive
the donuts were great .	donuts	positive
i love having a little store in my neighborhood !	store	positive
excellent food , and great service and even better prices .	food	positive
excellent food , and great service and even better prices .	service	positive
excellent food , and great service and even better prices .	prices	positive
and , the espresso was the best we had since leaving sedona .	espresso	positive
its not cheap but you get good value here .	value	positive
the green chili macaroni and cheese was overcooked and mushy .	green chili macaroni and cheese	negative
the staff was very nice and were always there if you needed them .	staff	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
& i did n't get any service for _num_ minutes so i walked out .	service	negative
this was never mentioned to me by the manager .	manager	positive
great service and ambiance , too .	service	positive
great service and ambiance , too .	ambiance	positive
i counted over _num_ people in line waiting for pizza ... pizza !	pizza	negative
i counted over _num_ people in line waiting for pizza ... pizza !	pizza	negative
it 's fairly bland , heavy on the cheese and sauce .	cheese	negative
it 's fairly bland , heavy on the cheese and sauce .	sauce	negative
regardless , i will be back because they have great quality products .	quality products	positive
fresh , fantastic deli and market .	deli	positive
fresh , fantastic deli and market .	market	positive
great place for a sandwich .	sandwich	positive
eat here now , the prices constantly go up !	prices	negative
hands down best bar in scottsdale !	bar	positive
this place is too `` trendy '' .	place	positive
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .	breakfast	positive
definitely recommend this spot .	spot	positive
i 'm most likely gon na have my pizza delivered from elsewhere .	pizza	positive
the two servers i recently had here were fabulous and quite funny as well .	servers	positive
fresh and ca n't get enough .	ca	negative
had a wonderful lunch here with great cocktails .	lunch	positive
had a wonderful lunch here with great cocktails .	cocktails	positive
also , their chicken is amazing .	chicken	positive
we will definitely be back for a bell soon .	bell	positive
everyone here is here for the same reason and that 's to have fun !	everyone	positive
we all ordered different food and it was all disgusting .	food	negative
my favorite pizza is the buffalo chicken pizza , its amazing !	buffalo chicken pizza	positive
good value , nice owner .	value	positive
good value , nice owner .	owner	positive
the meat in the meat sauce tasted burnt or extremely over cooked .	meat	negative
the meat in the meat sauce tasted burnt or extremely over cooked .	meat sauce	negative
as for the dinner it was really just okay .	dinner	positive
food is outstanding and employees seem to care about what they do .	food	positive
food is outstanding and employees seem to care about what they do .	employees	positive
as for the staff , they are awful and uncaring at best .	staff	negative
a lovely dinner outside on the patio .	dinner	positive
a lovely dinner outside on the patio .	patio	positive
what an amazing store !	store	positive
store manager and finance manager rude and unprofessional .	store manager	negative
store manager and finance manager rude and unprofessional .	finance manager	negative
the bread was cold and tasteless .	bread	negative
as a bonus , the salon is delightful .	salon	positive
always busy & great customer service .	customer service	positive
our waitress does a good job to our _num_ businesses there .	waitress	positive
none the employees seem to know anything .	employees	negative
one of the best places to eat in the country !	places	positive
from what i witnessed , she would n't let her employees take orders .	employees	negative
very slow & bad service .	service	negative
best bar hamburger ever !	bar hamburger	positive
would be an amazing date dinner !	date dinner	positive
even after the _num_ day hire .	hire	negative
oh and the food is good too .	food	positive
staff is friendly and helpfull .	staff	positive
the waitress ' s are wonderful and very friendly .	waitress	positive
no gown information .	gown information	negative
best sports bar hands down !	sports bar	positive
i really like the focaccia bread and the roll the best .	focaccia bread	positive
i really like the focaccia bread and the roll the best .	roll	positive
best parts house by far !	parts house	positive
but the last few months since that managers transfer it 's just been horrible !	managers	negative
prices are very reasonable .	prices	positive
we also got the chicken lettuce wraps that were on the happy hour menu .	chicken lettuce wraps	positive
we also got the chicken lettuce wraps that were on the happy hour menu .	menu	positive
great service , great food , great venue .	service	positive
great service , great food , great venue .	food	positive
great service , great food , great venue .	venue	positive
the cheese plate was a good way to start .	cheese plate	positive
all in all , i am not coming back to this place .	place	negative
a couple of drinks to start , really expensive .	drinks	negative
this place does it right .	place	positive
they are priced well and give great service .	priced	positive
they are priced well and give great service .	service	positive
service and food are top notch !	service	positive
service and food are top notch !	food	positive
the hostess was rude .	hostess	negative
i enjoyed the meatloaf and mixed veggies .	meatloaf	positive
i enjoyed the meatloaf and mixed veggies .	mixed veggies	positive
the meal always starts wth fresh pitas and herbs and onions .	meal	positive
the meal always starts wth fresh pitas and herbs and onions .	pitas	positive
the meal always starts wth fresh pitas and herbs and onions .	herbs	positive
the meal always starts wth fresh pitas and herbs and onions .	onions	positive
so far , best dinner we 've had in scottsdale .	dinner	positive
i was n't very impressed with this class .	class	negative
they had a discounted entrance fee of $ _num_ and only one exhibit open !	entrance fee	negative
they had a discounted entrance fee of $ _num_ and only one exhibit open !	exhibit	negative
certainly not the trash .	trash	negative
we also confirmed installation date , which was a little over two weeks way .	installation date	negative
scottsdale ( indian school ) kfc is horrible .	kfc	negative
i regret spending money to eat here .	money	negative
they truly care about animals .	animals	positive
i would not recommend this company .	company	negative
they run a tight and consistent ship .	ship	positive
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !	tzatziki sauce	positive
service - excellent .	service	positive
my review is based on just a couple of chicago style stuffed pizzas .	stuffed pizzas	positive
the gated community is quiet and secure .	gated community	positive
i really enjoy the atmosphere here .	atmosphere	positive
the egg drop soup was old and tasted like feet .	egg drop soup	negative
great customer service , great at listening to try and understand what i want .	customer service	positive
delicious chopped salad .	chopped salad	positive
the manager came over and apologized , but it was really too late .	manager	negative
they also have a cute patio that 's perfect when the weather is nice .	patio	positive
love this place .	place	positive
az tex hats is amazing !	az tex hats	positive
love the pizza and wings !	pizza	positive
love the pizza and wings !	wings	positive
one of our great meals .	meals	positive
i had almost forgotten how much i do n't really care for jamba juice .	jamba juice	negative
my problem is i never agreed to automatically billed payments .	payments	negative
first off their website said they opened at 8am on sat .	sat	negative
robert on the late night shift was very friendly .	shift	positive
great service and the always have tasty food .	service	positive
great service and the always have tasty food .	food	positive
super great prices .	prices	positive
they are all very nice people .	people	positive
i really and truly love her work !	work	positive
alas , the best i could get was _num_ shots of espresso over ice .	shots of espresso over ice	negative
good wine list and scotch list .	wine list	positive
good wine list and scotch list .	scotch list	positive
i can not imagine this place when it is busy .	place	negative
good food .	food	positive
the quality of service and food is not what it used to be .	quality of service	negative
the quality of service and food is not what it used to be .	food	negative
great local business to support .	local business	positive
absolutely horrible customer service !	customer service	negative
i love this pep boys .	pep boys	positive
the service was great but the food was no good .	service	positive
the service was great but the food was no good .	food	negative
she was knowledgeable about the menu and very helpful in the ordering process .	menu	positive
she was knowledgeable about the menu and very helpful in the ordering process .	ordering process	positive
worst audio ever .	audio	negative
dr. diana is awesome .	dr.	positive
the staff was smiling , happy and the vibe was great .	staff	positive
the staff was smiling , happy and the vibe was great .	vibe	positive
love that there 's no dress code !	dress code	negative
we sat down and our table was n't even clean .	table	negative
their employees have always been extremely friendly .	employees	positive
the staff was somewhat obnoxious .	staff	negative
i recommend the meet the meat .	meat	positive
no stage area due to size .	stage area	negative
i would n't go here unless you really ca n't miss the band .	band	negative
i was not happy with the service department .	service department	negative
great place to have a glass of wine and meet new people .	glass of wine	positive
small and quaint , the servers are friendly .	servers	positive
the ribs , on the other hand , were fantastic !	ribs	positive
adovada , delish !	adovada	positive
much worse than a car salesman .	car	negative
cox is pitiful .	cox	positive
do n't recommend to live with this company 's property at any level .	property	negative
i also like their lobster tail .	lobster tail	positive
food is amazing !	food	positive
got it towed to another garage , which a friend recommended .	garage	negative
the course was in beautiful condition with a nice practice facility .	course	positive
the course was in beautiful condition with a nice practice facility .	practice facility	positive
outstanding dr 's and caring , professional , intelligent nursing staff .	dr	positive
outstanding dr 's and caring , professional , intelligent nursing staff .	nursing staff	positive
the vegetable beef soup was hearty and flavorful .	vegetable beef soup	positive
the portions are great , the food is always good with excellent variety .	portions	positive
the portions are great , the food is always good with excellent variety .	food	positive
come on , _num_ $ for a hoagie `` meal '' with processed meat .	hoagie `` meal ''	positive
come on , _num_ $ for a hoagie `` meal '' with processed meat .	processed meat	positive
what a wonderful breakfast place !	breakfast place	positive
it is simply the best medium priced delivery pizza in the whole valley .	delivery pizza	positive
they also have a nice looking walk-in humidor with a huge selection of cigars .	humidor	positive
they also have a nice looking walk-in humidor with a huge selection of cigars .	selection of cigars	positive
i went for spa week and loved this place !	spa	positive
i went for spa week and loved this place !	place	positive
best employees out if any fast food restaurant , always leave happy .	employees	positive
best employees out if any fast food restaurant , always leave happy .	fast food	positive
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	room	negative
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	venue	negative
if you want a refrigerator , that 'll be $ _num_ extra .	refrigerator	positive
the bread is incredible and the staff is as friendly as it gets .	bread	positive
the bread is incredible and the staff is as friendly as it gets .	staff	positive
i managed to eat it all and had a strawberry margarita as well .	strawberry margarita	positive
the staff is very friendly .	staff	positive
nice , open , friendly , and carries local craft beer .	craft beer	positive
food is great !	food	positive
the exterior is worn .	exterior	negative
we find a table quickly and our bar waitress was not helpful at all .	table	negative
we find a table quickly and our bar waitress was not helpful at all .	bar waitress	negative
the security is awful at this venue .	security	negative
the security is awful at this venue .	venue	negative
the place has a cute bar , great margaritas , and awesome salsa .	bar	positive
the place has a cute bar , great margaritas , and awesome salsa .	margaritas	positive
the place has a cute bar , great margaritas , and awesome salsa .	salsa	positive
service is excellent .	service	positive
i would highly recommend this place for good indian food .	indian food	positive
great for thier buttermilk pancakes ... mmm delicious .	buttermilk pancakes	positive
turned out fine , excellent service from the waitress .	service	positive
turned out fine , excellent service from the waitress .	waitress	positive
i could n't even tell if the meat had been marinated in sauce .	meat	negative
i could n't even tell if the meat had been marinated in sauce .	sauce	negative
i wish i could give this place no stars .	place	positive
it is literally the most beautiful piece of jewelry i have ever seen .	jewelry	positive
its a great balance between the fluffy interior and subtle crunchy exterior .	interior	positive
its a great balance between the fluffy interior and subtle crunchy exterior .	exterior	positive
great place for sushi .	sushi	positive
i love the enchiladas and the spicy chicken is also very good .	enchiladas	positive
i love the enchiladas and the spicy chicken is also very good .	spicy chicken	positive
the food was bland and did not seem fresh .	food	negative
always had a good time , and the service was great .	service	positive
best chinese hands down !	chinese	positive
best service and best price i 've had with dry cleaners .	service	positive
best service and best price i 've had with dry cleaners .	price	positive
both leo and amanda were great .	leo	positive
we loved the patio , the friendly service , and great food !	patio	positive
we loved the patio , the friendly service , and great food !	service	positive
we loved the patio , the friendly service , and great food !	food	positive
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	purse	negative
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	shoes	negative
the hostess said our waitress would be with us shortly .	hostess	positive
the hostess said our waitress would be with us shortly .	waitress	positive
excellent appetizers and they make their pita fresh in the dining room .	appetizers	positive
excellent appetizers and they make their pita fresh in the dining room .	pita	positive
excellent appetizers and they make their pita fresh in the dining room .	dining room	positive
this is the place to take it for just that !	place	positive
place was clean , well kept , nice waitress .	place	positive
place was clean , well kept , nice waitress .	waitress	positive
standard denny 's fare .	denny 's fare	positive
always blown away by the excellent service .	service	positive
excellent italian wine list .	italian wine list	positive
large delicious glass of wine and a great atmosphere with live music .	glass of wine	positive
large delicious glass of wine and a great atmosphere with live music .	atmosphere	positive
large delicious glass of wine and a great atmosphere with live music .	live music	positive
give a good company your business .	company	positive
my friends and family said that they loved both the dr and pa .	dr	positive
my friends and family said that they loved both the dr and pa .	pa	positive
they have a club section , outside bar , tables and upstairs open patio .	club section	positive
they have a club section , outside bar , tables and upstairs open patio .	bar	positive
they have a club section , outside bar , tables and upstairs open patio .	tables	positive
at that time i requested a little more gravy for my hashbrowns .	hashbrowns	positive
quick service and priced great .	service	positive
quick service and priced great .	priced	positive
they were n't strips at all but more like nuggets and way over cooked .	strips	negative
they were n't strips at all but more like nuggets and way over cooked .	nuggets	negative
the fries are wonderful as was said by another reviewer .	fries	positive
it 's a little pricey , but totally worth it for at home use .	use	positive
free bike rentals , etc .	bike rentals	positive
so thanks dave for saving me hundreds of dollars .	dave	positive
this refreshing twist will make you forget all about the traditional mimosa !	mimosa	positive
the owner is greedy and lacks any sense of compassion .	owner	negative
i liked the tamale platter , which gives you a taste of each kind .	tamale platter	positive
great spot !	spot	positive
two words for you : chopped liver .	chopped liver	positive
the food is amazing !	food	positive
tasted the cakes and wished i 'd ordered the eggs .	cakes	positive
tasted the cakes and wished i 'd ordered the eggs .	eggs	positive
i car died right in front of their shop -- -- literally !	shop	negative
service here is exceptional and the food is to die for .	service	positive
service here is exceptional and the food is to die for .	food	positive
great views , great drinks .	views	positive
great views , great drinks .	drinks	positive
the `` hoagie '' had disgusting processed ham on them .	hoagie	negative
the `` hoagie '' had disgusting processed ham on them .	processed ham	negative
the mole may have been worse .	mole	negative
highly recommend if you 're in the area .	area	positive
we liked the food here .	food	positive
my stuffed tomato was n't a stuffed tomato .	stuffed tomato	negative
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .	lasagna	positive
nice airy , open , clean interior .	interior	positive
this restaurant is a must when you 're visiting the area .	area	positive
course was great and challenging .	course	positive
my mom 's soft tacos were strangely served upside down .	served	negative
store has a great environment .	store	positive
store has a great environment .	environment	positive
the new tv 's are a great addition .	tv	positive
the food was amazing and the service was wonderful .	food	positive
the food was amazing and the service was wonderful .	service	positive
the paint was n't even and did n't coat the whole nail .	paint	negative
star _num_ : would you eat here every day if you could ?	star _num_	positive
, as well as great iced tea and other drinks .	iced tea	positive
, as well as great iced tea and other drinks .	drinks	positive
pretty solid dive bar .	dive bar	positive
great store with a lot of cool clothes !	store	positive
great store with a lot of cool clothes !	clothes	positive
the house chianti was very good .	house chianti	positive
the portions are great and the food is outstanding .	portions	positive
the portions are great and the food is outstanding .	food	positive
the staff is friendly good with small talk .	staff	positive
this is a top _num_ mexican food spot for me without a doubt !	mexican food spot	positive
pretty much anything on the menu is fantastic and worth the poor service .	menu	positive
pretty much anything on the menu is fantastic and worth the poor service .	service	positive
in addition to this , the price was marked wrong on the shelf .	price	negative
in addition to this , the price was marked wrong on the shelf .	shelf	negative
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	bartender	positive
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	crowd	positive
i loved the pork tenderloin !	pork tenderloin	positive
because i was craving pecans , i got the baklava and pecan baklava .	pecans	negative
because i was craving pecans , i got the baklava and pecan baklava .	baklava	positive
because i was craving pecans , i got the baklava and pecan baklava .	pecan baklava	positive
the food was really wonderful as well .	food	positive
absolutely the best ceviche !	ceviche	positive
the chimi was dry .	chimi	negative
a server walked by us .	server	negative
i love this town !	town	positive
we all ordered the chicken pad thai which was boring and bland .	chicken pad thai	negative
everything was fantastic , service was great , and the atmosphere is fun .	service	positive
everything was fantastic , service was great , and the atmosphere is fun .	atmosphere	positive
please do n't waste your money !	money	positive
they are super friendly and have the most beautiful jewelry i 've ever seen .	jewelry	positive
my advice is to be patient , because the food is worth it .	food	positive
his teacher keeps us well informed and seems to really care about her students .	students	positive
i came here after driving by and seeing the cute decor outside .	decor	positive
great service always when i stop for gas as well .	service	positive
great service always when i stop for gas as well .	gas	positive
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .	cream pancakes	positive
worth a try if you need a new salon .	salon	positive
got my oil done here the other day .	oil	positive
nice outdoor seating area .	outdoor seating area	positive
definitely worth the trip .	trip	positive
in any event , we will not be back to cowboy ciao .	cowboy	negative
fantastic food !	food	positive
this place is just awful now .	place	negative
when i had trouble with an online order , they corrected it with ease .	online	negative
the food was excellent .	food	positive
the sushi is consistently good , above average good .	sushi	positive
the rice was flavorless , and the onions were also old .	rice	negative
the rice was flavorless , and the onions were also old .	onions	negative
i am super pissed we wasted our money and time on crap food .	food	negative
the coffee was average and the refills were not given in a timely manner .	coffee	negative
the coffee was average and the refills were not given in a timely manner .	refills	negative
the service was slow .	service	negative
great service , decent food .	service	positive
great service , decent food .	food	positive
it 's the atmosphere that makes this place a winner .	atmosphere	positive
the decor and setting are excellent , as was the food .	decor	positive
the decor and setting are excellent , as was the food .	setting	positive
the decor and setting are excellent , as was the food .	food	positive
casey is mellow , fun and really knows his stuff .	casey	positive
the food is prepared efficiently and well .	food	positive
the dinning area had trash all over the place .	dinning area	negative
the dinning area had trash all over the place .	trash	negative
i highly recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
nordstrom gets four stars because at least we have one !	nordstrom	positive
loved that eating outside was n't too loud with the traffic .	traffic	negative
the steaks are grocery store quality .	steaks	positive
patio good for people watching .	patio	positive
terrible food , service and owner !	food	negative
terrible food , service and owner !	service	negative
terrible food , service and owner !	owner	negative
really nice staff , totally impressed by the young gentleman who too our order .	staff	positive
for an appetizer , we chose crab cakes .	appetizer	positive
for an appetizer , we chose crab cakes .	crab cakes	positive
very tasty pizza !	pizza	positive
i enjoy their mussels and crab cakes .	mussels	positive
i enjoy their mussels and crab cakes .	crab cakes	positive
good food , good price .	food	positive
good food , good price .	price	positive
i always am surprised by this place every time .	place	positive
i would give this place a _num_ 1/2 star rating .	place	positive
very pleased with this car rental establishment !	car rental establishment	positive
love this place !	place	positive
for $ _num_ , i was expecting to eat excellent chicken .	chicken	positive
the only good thing was the dessert .	dessert	positive
the mac and cheese , delicious .	mac and cheese	positive
the shredded beef was absolutely delicious .	shredded beef	positive
great service i am a happy customer .	service	positive
did this place change managers or owners ?	managers	negative
did this place change managers or owners ?	owners	negative
find a more friendly golf course unless you like bad customer service .	golf course	positive
find a more friendly golf course unless you like bad customer service .	customer service	negative
was told to wait by clerk passing on phone .	clerk	negative
thankfully i do n't drink because the alcohol prices were even more ridiculous .	alcohol prices	negative
my husband had the pork tenderloin and it was incredible !	pork tenderloin	positive
the first shrimp course was cold , overcooked , chewy and flavorless .	shrimp course	negative
the chips in the nachos were totally stale .	chips in the nachos	negative
ordered a _num_ '' pepperoni for take-out and it was very good .	pepperoni for take-out	positive
i had gotten a package with _num_ laser hair removal treatments .	hair removal treatments	positive
had buffet , a bit pricy , but worthy it .	buffet	negative
great prices .	prices	positive
or maybe i want my id back to leave .	id	negative
it was well worth the long drive and we will plan to be back !	drive	positive
great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the staff was very nice .	staff	positive
that 's how good the food is !	food	positive
great pizza , salads , and subs .	pizza	positive
great pizza , salads , and subs .	salads	positive
great pizza , salads , and subs .	subs	positive
i definitely would recommend allison as a colorist and stylist !	colorist	positive
and the cook gave me a mean look .	cook	negative
the staff is awesome and my nails & toes always look perfect !	staff	positive
bad on us to skip the _num_ minute wait at san tan brewery .	wait	negative
pep boys is great both in price and service .	price	positive
pep boys is great both in price and service .	service	positive
lisa and sam in the service department were great !	service department	positive
big ass burger is my one true love , besides my cat .	cat	positive
bad management if any here .	management	negative
the ease with which they handled our transaction was amazing .	transaction	positive
a lil disappointed with the place .	place	negative
beautiful restaurant , excellent service , and good food .	restaurant	positive
beautiful restaurant , excellent service , and good food .	service	positive
beautiful restaurant , excellent service , and good food .	food	positive
there are security guards during the weekdays .	security guards	negative
the food arrived and all our meats were dry and hard .	food	negative
the food arrived and all our meats were dry and hard .	meats	negative
good wifi , tv with many channels , good breakfast available in restaurant .	wifi	positive
good wifi , tv with many channels , good breakfast available in restaurant .	breakfast	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
fantastic food !	food	positive
alcoholic drinks are same price .	alcoholic drinks	negative
alcoholic drinks are same price .	price	negative
always good food and great service .	food	positive
always good food and great service .	service	positive
their mongolian beef is the best i have had in phoenix !	mongolian beef	positive
love their bagels !	bagels	positive
i do not know what happened to this place .	place	negative
friendly service , good prices and great food !	service	positive
friendly service , good prices and great food !	prices	positive
friendly service , good prices and great food !	food	positive
the meat was amazing and melted in your mouth .	meat	positive
people here seem to be happy , content , and drunk .	people	negative
the staff , especially dawn , is ways extremely helpful and friendly .	staff	positive
zero stars for service .	service	negative
definitely a good place for bbq if you are in the area !	bbq	positive
exceedingly good care .	care	positive
it had zero flavor period .	flavor period	negative
the food here is authentic and consistently delicious .	food	positive
it is not a huge place !	place	negative
good food !	food	positive
also love the stuffed mushrooms .	stuffed mushrooms	positive
expensive and not that great .	expensive	negative
i do n't like mcdonalds food .	mcdonalds food	negative
this place is the best that i 've found so far .	place	positive
the manager threatened to cancel my order and hang up on me .	manager	negative
this has not been an enjoyable customer service experience so far .	customer service	negative
what makes it the best one is the quality of the merchandise .	quality	positive
what makes it the best one is the quality of the merchandise .	merchandise	positive
they were dry and had almost no sauce .	sauce	negative
the scenery was spectacular !	scenery	positive
love this location at gainey ranch !	location	positive
the tube they rent are a joke !	tube	negative
this place is truly _num_ star worthy .	place	positive
one of the best burritos i have ever had .	burritos	positive
megan 's carne was dry .	megan 's carne	negative
big trouble with reservation .	reservation	negative
the food has just been disgusting the last _num_ times i went .	food	negative
the sundae is excellent !	sundae	positive
i appreciate the professionalism and attention to customer service .	customer service	positive
just delicious plentiful food , very pleasant attentive service and reasonable prices .	food	positive
just delicious plentiful food , very pleasant attentive service and reasonable prices .	service	positive
just delicious plentiful food , very pleasant attentive service and reasonable prices .	prices	positive
the food was also good too .	food	positive
the cheese crisp was flavorless and unappetizing .	cheese crisp	negative
great menu , great beer selection and nice service .	menu	positive
great menu , great beer selection and nice service .	beer selection	positive
great menu , great beer selection and nice service .	service	positive
it started with a _num_ minute wait for my $ _num_ glass of wine .	wait	negative
it started with a _num_ minute wait for my $ _num_ glass of wine .	glass of wine	negative
crappy food terrible service !	food	negative
crappy food terrible service !	service	negative
to me it is more than just another dinner .	dinner	positive
horrible service !	service	negative
it 's a rather popular place for lunch .	lunch	positive
i will definitely come back when in the area !	area	positive
inedible cardboard food .	cardboard food	negative
the fries and salad we good too .	fries	positive
i absolutely loved the canyon suite we stayed in .	canyon suite	positive
this was a waste of time and money and gets two thumbs down .	money	negative
the staff is knowledgable , patient and professional .	staff	positive
the best pizza in new york is in time square .	pizza	positive
chicken enchilada was great and homemade tortilla made it even better !	chicken enchilada	positive
chicken enchilada was great and homemade tortilla made it even better !	homemade tortilla	positive
fantastic , fast service .	service	positive
this server had more than enough assistance and the bar was dead .	server	positive
this server had more than enough assistance and the bar was dead .	bar	negative
their saffron rice is excellent .	saffron rice	positive
i recently moved to scottsdale and i am blessed to have this place !	place	positive
they have a nice big restaurant with two large patios .	restaurant	positive
they have a nice big restaurant with two large patios .	patios	positive
the staff is wonderful and accomodating to a fault .	staff	positive
firstly , the decor certainly did n't `` wow '' me .	decor	positive
sit at the bar and let dallas take care of you .	bar	positive
owners are great but the food is very bland and average at best .	owners	positive
owners are great but the food is very bland and average at best .	food	negative
for what it is , the rv park is nice .	rv park	positive
then the refund did n't even go through until after we were already home .	refund	negative
nice place to play darts if you 're into that .	place	positive
nice place to play darts if you 're into that .	darts	positive
owner is always on site and is just a super nice guy .	owner	positive
they always have a wonderful choice of daily specials .	daily specials	positive
service is always good and this place is family owned !	service	positive
service is always good and this place is family owned !	place	positive
views are amazing .	views	positive
cold food and the waitress was absent most the time .	waitress	negative
dr. c has horrible customer service skills .	customer service	negative
completely loved the service and the atmosphere but the food itself was fairly mediocre .	service	positive
completely loved the service and the atmosphere but the food itself was fairly mediocre .	atmosphere	positive
completely loved the service and the atmosphere but the food itself was fairly mediocre .	food	negative
service was good and fast .	service	positive
( this was not in the lease agreement ) .	lease	negative
pleased with stay .	stay	positive
and i had the short ribs , both absolutely delicious .	short ribs	positive
it was clear that she knew that some guests had a problem .	guests	negative
bruce was friendly and honest .	bruce	positive
we went to don & charlie 's tonight and had the best time !	time	positive
more wasted money .	money	negative
bland food and horrible service .	food	negative
bland food and horrible service .	service	negative
as a former restaurant manager , i understand how seating is managed .	seating	positive
so if everything is pretty adequate , what drove down the rating ?	rating	negative
the locker areas were small .	locker areas	negative
i 'd been going to the roadhouse since brad opened it ... day one .	roadhouse	positive
both sauces were awful .	sauces	negative
love the service here .	service	positive
additionally , i can hear the person upstairs .	person	positive
great food and people .	food	positive
great food and people .	people	positive
the customer service is not good .	customer service	negative
go somewhere else where else you can be treated like a real customer .	customer	negative
this store is a gem .	store	positive
service is decent but the pizza is better .	service	positive
service is decent but the pizza is better .	pizza	positive
terrible sound .	sound	negative
the ranch was a great consistency and had nice season to it .	ranch	positive
our waiter was friendly and patient .	waiter	positive
food and drink are top notch .	food	positive
food and drink are top notch .	drink	positive
they are so good , and get the whole place dancing !	place	positive
crab puffs are great !	crab puffs	positive
the toast came cold , with no butter or jam .	toast	negative
the toast came cold , with no butter or jam .	butter	negative
the toast came cold , with no butter or jam .	jam	negative
there 's two floors and the bar offers a nice selection of brews .	bar	positive
there 's two floors and the bar offers a nice selection of brews .	selection of brews	positive
great service , portions , and quality .	service	positive
great service , portions , and quality .	portions	positive
great service , portions , and quality .	quality	positive
the owners are great , really cant wait to come back for more !	owners	positive
service the first night was perfect .	service	positive
cool place !	place	positive
rooms are spacious and comfy , service is very friendly .	rooms	positive
rooms are spacious and comfy , service is very friendly .	service	positive
the pasta was cooked correctly , but the sauce had a funky taste .	pasta	positive
the pasta was cooked correctly , but the sauce had a funky taste .	sauce	positive
we have eaten here many times and always had a great meal !	meal	positive
the falafel is good and the gyros are amazing .	falafel	positive
the falafel is good and the gyros are amazing .	gyros	positive
food is very good .	food	positive
top notch customer service !	customer service	positive
the atmosphere is relaxing and cozy and the service is great .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is relaxing and cozy and the service is great .	service	positive
this place is so good .	place	positive
i love the french toast .	french toast	positive
the peanut dressing is so good , i could drink it .	peanut dressing	positive
small little gem tucked in the back of the shopping center .	shopping center	negative
the staff is super friendly and also very fast .	staff	positive
just stay away from this place .	place	negative
it was her fault that she failed to ask how i wanted the wings .	wings	negative
this is , hands down , the best thai place in scottsdale .	thai place	positive
restaurant was nearly empty .	restaurant	negative
best greek food in glendale !	greek food	positive
they treat each dog as if they were a member of their own family .	dog	negative
while the drive-thru was quick , the food was terrible .	drive-thru	positive
while the drive-thru was quick , the food was terrible .	food	negative
excellent service .	service	positive
the environment is very relaxed and calm .	environment	positive
i introduced a friend to frank and lupe 's .	lupe	positive
and they were the absolute worst nachos i 've ever had .	nachos	negative
they had n't even started the order yet .	order	negative
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken	negative
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	green chili macaroni and cheese	positive
highly recommend this small quaint restaurant , it certainly is on our favorites list .	restaurant	positive
the hollandaise flavor was off as well .	hollandaise flavor	positive
great little spot in the art district !	spot	positive
great little spot in the art district !	art district	positive
my favorite is the biscuits and gravy .	biscuits and gravy	positive
if you ever get the chance check this place out !	place	positive
the bruschetta bread was soggy .	bruschetta bread	negative
very unique pizza .	pizza	positive
the cheesesteak was by far the best i 've ever had .	cheesesteak	positive
she literally threw my basket after she took it off the counter .	basket	negative
the chips and salsa were hot and fresh .	chips	positive
the chips and salsa were hot and fresh .	salsa	positive
great service and good food .	service	positive
great service and good food .	food	positive
the people are as great as the cakes are delicious !	people	positive
the people are as great as the cakes are delicious !	cakes	positive
i switched to advanced auto on mcdowell and it is much better .	advanced auto on mcdowell	positive
amazing food every time i visit .	food	positive
the service to my vehicle and care taken were also exceptional .	service	positive
they are disorganized and the food was mediocre .	food	negative
i came here on a whim today with a craving for mexican food .	mexican food	negative
the wings were slimy and disgusting .	wings	negative
will try to make it back to have a full meal for sure .	meal	positive
the desserts are great , they have a good wine selection and phenomenal service .	desserts	positive
the desserts are great , they have a good wine selection and phenomenal service .	wine selection	positive
the desserts are great , they have a good wine selection and phenomenal service .	service	positive
great food and great atmosphere .	food	positive
great food and great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
pasta , sandwiches , and desserts .	pasta	positive
pasta , sandwiches , and desserts .	sandwiches	positive
pasta , sandwiches , and desserts .	desserts	positive
love this place !	place	positive
great service at a great price .	service	positive
great service at a great price .	price	positive
you rock , mickey !	mickey	positive
horrible customer service !	customer service	negative
the inn was very clean , quiet , and organized .	inn	positive
do not give a penny to this establishment !	establishment	negative
she was pleasant and made our meal enjoyable .	meal	positive
not served as described on their menu .	served	negative
not served as described on their menu .	menu	negative
they do have an outstanding ranch though .	ranch	positive
i wish they would not charge for extra sauce .	sauce	positive
they have a huge wine selection with a great selection of micro brewed beer .	wine selection	positive
dinner here was amazing !	dinner	positive
consistently good food at a reasonable price .	food	positive
consistently good food at a reasonable price .	price	positive
hands down best tasting and authentic food .	food	positive
my favorite local place for breakfast .	place	positive
my favorite local place for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
love this place .	place	positive
the orange chicken was very soggy and super sweet .	orange chicken	negative
the food is great .	food	positive
love this place for mexican food and margaritas .	mexican food	positive
little places like this are the best !	places	positive
absolutely the very worst repair experience ever .	repair	negative
and the _num_ free appetizers were not free on our checks .	appetizers	negative
and the _num_ free appetizers were not free on our checks .	checks	negative
what won me over completely was the customer service .	customer service	positive
i find a salon without anyone answering the phones to be highly unprofessional .	salon	negative
i will not recommend this restaurant to anyone .	restaurant	negative
we both totally enjoyed our meals .	meals	positive
sally 's is a great store .	store	positive
the omelette has a spaghetti sauce and some shredded cheese on top .	omelette	negative
the omelette has a spaghetti sauce and some shredded cheese on top .	spaghetti sauce	negative
the omelette has a spaghetti sauce and some shredded cheese on top .	shredded cheese	negative
i found a camera treasure to add to my collection .	camera treasure	positive
i will not be dining here again .	dining	negative
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
love this place .	place	positive
amazing ambiance and a fun place to meet with friends .	ambiance	positive
amazing ambiance and a fun place to meet with friends .	place	positive
lots of cool shops around .	shops	positive
the food is good .	food	positive
love this place !	place	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
terrible customer service .	customer service	negative
sure , we knew there were waitresses .	waitresses	positive
my husband did n't even get nearly a quarter cup of sides .	sides	negative
ugh ... if you need something printed just go next door to office depot .	office depot	negative
it 's a shame too , really liked this place before .	place	negative
the ambiance seems good for friends get together or even family eating .	ambiance	positive
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	frozen patty	negative
service was great .	service	positive
she was not happy to have women in her shop .	women	negative
she was not happy to have women in her shop .	shop	negative
fast , affordable , world class customer service and made things very easy !	customer service	positive
the layout and decor are so unique and charming .	layout	positive
the layout and decor are so unique and charming .	decor	positive
the best three choices to have for the first visit .	choices	positive
best chips and salsa , plus great house margaritas .	chips and salsa	positive
best chips and salsa , plus great house margaritas .	house margaritas	positive
they clearly do n't care about customer service because my complaint was ignored .	customer service	negative
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .	guys	positive
we love sweet cakes !	cakes	positive
best chinese food i 've had in a long time !	chinese food	positive
love this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
this is the worst location ever !	location	negative
great place for night life !	night life	positive
the table bread was decent , the butter was really good .	table bread	positive
the table bread was decent , the butter was really good .	butter	positive
we also ordered two rolls that had eel in them and they were bad !	rolls	negative
we also ordered two rolls that had eel in them and they were bad !	eel	negative
until this place is under new management , they have lost my business .	management	negative
this is not authentic mexican food .	mexican food	negative
we also liked the warm and inviting atmosphere in the bar .	atmosphere	positive
we also liked the warm and inviting atmosphere in the bar .	bar	positive
the tables in the front are a little crowded .	tables	negative
cheat your customers !	customers	negative
this is the best authentic thai place in arizona .	thai place	positive
great service and great food !	service	positive
great service and great food !	food	positive
the curly fries were good , but the sliders was sub-par .	curly fries	positive
the curly fries were good , but the sliders was sub-par .	sliders	negative
a fine dining establishment .	dining establishment	positive
recommended by friends yes very nice upscale restaurant .	restaurant	positive
price was ok.	price	negative
pizza was delicious and needless to say the nutella calzone was yummy !	pizza	positive
pizza was delicious and needless to say the nutella calzone was yummy !	nutella calzone	positive
pretty good service .	service	positive
keep up the great work !	work	positive
also , love the tuna when they have it on the menu .	tuna	positive
also , love the tuna when they have it on the menu .	menu	positive
and the food is incredible !	food	positive
and more bacon , and something that was supposed to be ranch .	bacon	positive
and more bacon , and something that was supposed to be ranch .	ranch	positive
the atmosphere is like a game room , makes the experience fun for everyone .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is like a game room , makes the experience fun for everyone .	game room	positive
this place is the best ever !	place	positive
even on the way out the host did n't even say anything .	host	negative
thank goodness there 's a mcdonalds on the way home .	mcdonalds	positive
this place is why yelp should allow zero stars .	stars	positive
everyone was so so sweet and kind to us .	everyone	positive
both of us loved the warm bread with the butter , herbs and onions .	bread	positive
both of us loved the warm bread with the butter , herbs and onions .	butter	positive
both of us loved the warm bread with the butter , herbs and onions .	herbs	positive
both of us loved the warm bread with the butter , herbs and onions .	onions	positive
okay , so my chili came to the table and i was sadly disappointed .	chili	negative
okay , so my chili came to the table and i was sadly disappointed .	table	negative
the beer selection is great , both the bottles and the tap collection .	beer selection	positive
the beer selection is great , both the bottles and the tap collection .	bottles	positive
the beer selection is great , both the bottles and the tap collection .	tap collection	positive
another bad case of poor door managers .	door managers	negative
wow , this place surprised me .	place	positive
i get the draw of this place though .	draw	positive
i get the draw of this place though .	place	positive
the employees are professional and nice , helpful .	employees	positive
do not give them your credit or debit card !	debit	negative
and it came with two whole pieces of chicken breast .	chicken breast	positive
no other customers .	customers	negative
very courteous , friendly , quick reasonably priced .	priced	positive
food was delightful and service exemplary .	food	positive
food was delightful and service exemplary .	service	positive
thanks to a great staff and maintenance crew for doing such a great job !	staff	positive
thanks to a great staff and maintenance crew for doing such a great job !	maintenance crew	positive
i was pleasantly surprised by their excellent service at an affordable price .	service	positive
i was pleasantly surprised by their excellent service at an affordable price .	price	positive
i 've had several dishes here but i do love the hippie noodles .	dishes	positive
the staff here is always friendly and the juice is well ... .	staff	positive
the staff here is always friendly and the juice is well ... .	juice	positive
awesome pizza !	pizza	positive
the staff is very friendly and great with kids !	staff	positive
so we will be back to see her and for some pie !	pie	positive
delicious desserts !	desserts	positive
worst review for the worst drying cleaning i have experienced .	drying cleaning	negative
my class was in the community room at chandler fashion center .	class	positive
my class was in the community room at chandler fashion center .	community room	positive
but i guess shame on me for just looking for average service in scottsdale .	service	negative
the place is awesome .	place	positive
shredded beef chimichangas were spicy and good sized .	shredded beef chimichangas	positive
mostly the happy hour menu is limited .	menu	negative
very fast high speed internet .	internet	positive
a couple in particular were super nice , hence _num_ stars and not _num_ .	stars	positive
great food , fast service , great place to eat .	food	positive
great food , fast service , great place to eat .	service	positive
great food , fast service , great place to eat .	place	positive
terrible beds , cheap fabrics , made for a difficult .	beds	negative
terrible beds , cheap fabrics , made for a difficult .	fabrics	negative
el sol has amazing food .	food	positive
she made awesome drinks too !	drinks	positive
and the service was amazing .	service	positive
it 's so worth the drive .	drive	positive
very unique decor and really cool outdoor dining area .	decor	positive
very unique decor and really cool outdoor dining area .	outdoor dining area	positive
it breaks my heart that their food , their sushi is not good .	food	negative
it breaks my heart that their food , their sushi is not good .	sushi	negative
i love grimaldi 's pizza !	grimaldi 's pizza	positive
the internet says they accept cards , as does yelp .	cards	negative
the people are friendly to me , the place is clean and comforting .	people	positive
the people are friendly to me , the place is clean and comforting .	place	positive
sorry not a happy customer .	customer	negative
the beer is very good and so is the food .	beer	positive
the beer is very good and so is the food .	food	positive
but it 's always nice to have something before the main course .	main course	positive
service was good and all in all it was a nice meal .	service	positive
service was good and all in all it was a nice meal .	meal	positive
the steak was cooked to perfection and juicy as can be .	steak	positive
excellent food .	food	positive
everyone was very informative and making sure we received the best deal possible .	deal	positive
there pizza is always hot and fresh .	pizza	positive
the list goes on .	list	positive
so here 's the deal on the service .	service	positive
fantastic happy hour and excellent cuisine .	cuisine	positive
just lost a customer for life .	customer	negative
this may be one of the worst restaurant experiences i have ever been to .	restaurant	negative
$ _num_ for one small burro ?	burro	negative
definitely a must go and you 've got to have the hot sauce .	hot sauce	positive
maybe they have changed their hours but i do n't go back .	hours	negative
what great shop !	shop	positive
the service was very slow .	service	negative
did we go through the wrong door ?	door	negative
the coke tasted like they have moldy lines or something .	coke	negative
the price was very reasonable and the service was not only prompt but exceptional .	price	positive
the price was very reasonable and the service was not only prompt but exceptional .	service	positive
the springs rolls were good but a little bland .	springs rolls	positive
i would give this place _num_ stars if i could - they are great !	place	positive
fucking slow , _num_ cars in the drive through and been here _num_ minutes .	cars	negative
fucking slow , _num_ cars in the drive through and been here _num_ minutes .	_num_	negative
food is delicious , and not your standard fare .	food	positive
food is delicious , and not your standard fare .	fare	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
the food is excellent !	food	positive
great job .	job	positive
the salads and soups are so delicious .	salads	positive
the salads and soups are so delicious .	soups	positive
i am always disappointed when a band i love plays here .	band	positive
the prices on some things were really great too .	prices	positive
this locations sucks .	locations	negative
worst apartment complex ever !	apartment complex	negative
customer service in this day and age is truly a lost art .	customer service	positive
the staff is always friendly .	staff	positive
this was a really fun , challenging course !	course	positive
i 'm very happy this place is in my neighborhood .	place	positive
so i left the laptop department and walked over to the television department .	laptop	negative
so i left the laptop department and walked over to the television department .	television	negative
other than the long wait to be seated , the restaurant is great .	wait	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
the hot sauce is just not good .	hot sauce	negative
we will definitely use dodge again .	dodge	negative
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .	staff	positive
the waitresses are very nice .	waitresses	positive
worst dentist in the entire state of arizona .	dentist	negative
pam cut and colored my hair .	pam	positive
pam cut and colored my hair .	hair	positive
i ordered the shrimp lo mein and chicken with vegetables .	shrimp lo mein and chicken with vegetables	positive
as always great food and drinks .	food	positive
as always great food and drinks .	drinks	positive
top notch customer service .	customer service	positive
the service was fabulous also .	service	positive
put me right in the christmas spirit .	christmas spirit	positive
not much presentation but it was tasty .	presentation	positive
terrific food , atmospher , and service .	food	positive
terrific food , atmospher , and service .	atmospher	positive
terrific food , atmospher , and service .	service	positive
they have a lot of options , and the servers were all very friendly .	servers	positive
that stuff is amazing .	stuff	positive
get the food , fries were the best part .	food	positive
get the food , fries were the best part .	fries	positive
service is great and the staff is super friendly .	service	positive
service is great and the staff is super friendly .	staff	positive
they have great food selections and good service .	food selections	positive
they have great food selections and good service .	service	positive
the actual mani/pedi was sub-par , at best .	mani/pedi	negative
i was so pleased with this clinic , i will definitely go there forever .	clinic	positive
love the veggie hash and fresh bread .	veggie hash	positive
love the veggie hash and fresh bread .	fresh bread	positive
highest level of talent works here , friendly professional staff and ownership .	ownership	positive
really friendly people at this place .	people	positive
the vibe and service is just okay .	vibe	positive
the vibe and service is just okay .	service	positive
even the carrots are good here .	carrots	positive
body shop handled it .	body shop	positive
however , the food is the best .	food	positive
always crowded for sure and it 's a wee little restaurant .	restaurant	negative
i do n't recommend the wing bar , not worth it .	wing bar	negative
i recommend these guys !	guys	positive
horrible service .	service	negative
the sandwiches , in particular , are so good !	sandwiches	positive
the owner , dan , helped us personally .	owner	positive
food is outstanding !	food	positive
the restaurant is clean .	restaurant	positive
the service is wonderful here !	service	positive
we love this place .	place	positive
my favorite place to go for chinese take out .	chinese take out	positive
the staff is rude and not very intelligent .	staff	negative
great looking , clean salon .	salon	positive
such a great place to burn rubber !	place	positive
such a great place to burn rubber !	rubber	positive
my pita was falling apart before it was even handed to me .	pita	negative
the menu is really big and there are a lot of vegetarian options .	menu	positive
the menu is really big and there are a lot of vegetarian options .	vegetarian options	positive
workers where meh adding to the feeling that they do n't want you there .	workers	negative
amazing food and service .	food	positive
amazing food and service .	service	positive
they were fried crispy , but were light with a great texture and taste .	fried	positive
they were fried crispy , but were light with a great texture and taste .	texture	positive
they were fried crispy , but were light with a great texture and taste .	taste	positive
i handed my keys to the person at the desk and proceeded to wait .	wait	negative
on my visit to arizona i was very pleased with this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the tickets they sold me are for standing room or lawn only .	tickets	negative
the tickets they sold me are for standing room or lawn only .	standing room	negative
the tickets they sold me are for standing room or lawn only .	lawn	negative
lobster enchilada and they forgot the lobster .	lobster enchilada	negative
lobster enchilada and they forgot the lobster .	lobster	negative
i 've only been here to get gas , never to go inside .	gas	positive
very nice ambience for a date or to go out with people .	ambience	positive
they put such incredible details into the cake .	cake	positive
the lemonade is freshly squeezed .	lemonade	positive
comfortable and affordable apartment .	apartment	positive
i ordered their spicy tuna roll , calamari , margarita , and sake sangria .	spicy tuna roll	positive
i ordered their spicy tuna roll , calamari , margarita , and sake sangria .	calamari	positive
i ordered their spicy tuna roll , calamari , margarita , and sake sangria .	margarita	positive
i ordered their spicy tuna roll , calamari , margarita , and sake sangria .	sake sangria	positive
the gyro is dry and off putting .	gyro	negative
best breakfast bagel sandwich i 've ever had .	breakfast bagel sandwich	positive
amazing staff and extremely talented doctors .	staff	positive
amazing staff and extremely talented doctors .	doctors	positive
this place is golden !	place	positive
this place is unreal !	place	negative
has a old time diner feel to it .	feel	positive
i get it the classic way with the smoked salmon !	smoked salmon	positive
the chicken underneath was moist , and the accompanying relish was quite tasty .	chicken	positive
the chicken underneath was moist , and the accompanying relish was quite tasty .	relish	positive
as other reviewers have pointed out , it 's inexpensive authentic mexican food .	mexican food	positive
my new go to spot for mani pedis .	mani pedis	positive
best food & wine in mesa !	food	positive
best food & wine in mesa !	wine	positive
outstanding customer service and products are the best .	customer service	positive
outstanding customer service and products are the best .	products	positive
don knows how to treat a customer .	customer	positive
everything about this apartment is cheap and dirty .	apartment	positive
the overall front service has been very sloppy in the past six months .	front service	negative
awesome atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
took another _num_ minutes to get just one bloody mary .	mary	negative
recommend double cheeseburger with bacon and avocados and onion rings .	cheeseburger	positive
recommend double cheeseburger with bacon and avocados and onion rings .	bacon and avocados	positive
recommend double cheeseburger with bacon and avocados and onion rings .	onion rings	positive
i got a _num_ honda civic .	_num_ honda civic	positive
honestly this is one of the best gyro 's i have ever had .	gyro	positive
the chicken and waffles was half of one waffle with one small chicken breast .	chicken and waffles	negative
the chicken and waffles was half of one waffle with one small chicken breast .	waffle	negative
the chicken and waffles was half of one waffle with one small chicken breast .	chicken breast	negative
loved the menu and the food was delicious !	menu	positive
loved the menu and the food was delicious !	food	positive
the driving range is great too !	driving range	positive
service stinks .	service	negative
i love coming here for lunch .	lunch	positive
always fast service and a clean dining room .	service	positive
always fast service and a clean dining room .	dining room	positive
needless to say , they did n't win a loyal customer with me .	customer	negative
besides the guacamole , everything was as bland as could be .	guacamole	negative
pizzas are good , wings and subs are great .	pizzas	positive
pizzas are good , wings and subs are great .	wings	positive
pizzas are good , wings and subs are great .	subs	positive
the worst service ever .	service	negative
i ca n't say the ribs were anything spectacular .	ribs	negative
to put it shortly , rude employees , overpriced items , and misleading signs .	employees	negative
to put it shortly , rude employees , overpriced items , and misleading signs .	items	negative
to put it shortly , rude employees , overpriced items , and misleading signs .	signs	negative
best breakfast in the east valley .	breakfast	positive
the service was great .	service	positive
i asked if they had replaced the spare and he told me no .	spare	negative
all in all it was a fantastic experience and would definitely recommend the steakhouse .	steakhouse	positive
backed up 2-3 groups on each hole with a $ _num_ price tag .	price tag	negative
meal was fresh and affordable .	meal	positive
simply put ... a great dive .	dive	positive
the staff really do a great job and have your best interest in mind .	staff	positive
pool specially the jacuzzi is never clean enough .	pool specially	negative
pool specially the jacuzzi is never clean enough .	jacuzzi	negative
the chicken was great .	chicken	positive
their donuts are amazing and the staff is always very friendly !	donuts	positive
their donuts are amazing and the staff is always very friendly !	staff	positive
the burrito was not very good either .	burrito	negative
the prices are quite reasonable .	prices	positive
too bad the food is less than average .	food	negative
this little store is excellent .	store	positive
defalco 's is a family owned restaurant and the food is great !	food	positive
a great place to chill with friends and family .	place	positive
i went for lunch with my husband .	lunch	positive
great experience and delicious food .	food	positive
service was great as usual !	service	positive
she loves the rice .	rice	positive
then he sold me a $ _num_ unit with european maps .	maps	positive
my expectation was they would serve a steak on par with their seafood .	steak	negative
my expectation was they would serve a steak on par with their seafood .	seafood	negative
had a business lunch here and can highly recommend for this purpose .	business lunch	positive
reasonably priced with pleasant service .	priced	positive
reasonably priced with pleasant service .	service	positive
i love that you can watch the planes take off and all that .	planes	positive
the sides are also excellent , pick anything .	sides	positive
always great food !	food	positive
me and my son 's favorite place !	place	positive
the staff is cold .	staff	negative
the food is n't extraordinary , but it is good .	food	positive
the servings are very generous so usually we end up with _num_ meals .	servings	positive
the servings are very generous so usually we end up with _num_ meals .	meals	positive
omg , i love this place !	place	positive
this is a perfect place to go with friends .	place	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
spent some time in the store , owner is lovely .	owner	positive
my new favorite chinese food place for lunch !	chinese food	positive
my new favorite chinese food place for lunch !	lunch	positive
so disappointed with aaa .	aaa	negative
they have great vegetarian options .	vegetarian options	positive
tastes like a mixture of oranges and vanilla .	of oranges	positive
tastes like a mixture of oranges and vanilla .	vanilla	positive
i had the fresh mozzarella and prosciutto on a fresh baked italian roll .	fresh mozzarella	positive
i had the fresh mozzarella and prosciutto on a fresh baked italian roll .	prosciutto	positive
i had the fresh mozzarella and prosciutto on a fresh baked italian roll .	italian roll	positive
what a seriously cool place .	place	positive
but it was not great food either .	food	negative
this place has great service most of the time .	service	positive
but maybe the main courses of red curry and pad thai would be great .	main courses of red curry	positive
but maybe the main courses of red curry and pad thai would be great .	pad thai	positive
definitely a good experience , i loved how helpful the girls were !	girls	positive
all the sales people were very helpful and friendly .	sales people	positive
loved this place !	place	positive
the filet and prawns were outta this world !	filet and prawns	positive
i was told that this was for _num_ year of personalized care .	care	positive
there was wall covering splitting and much of it looked dated and warn .	wall covering	negative
we still love this place and it deserves the 5-star rating .	place	positive
my certificate was to include lunch as well as a glass of wine .	lunch	positive
my certificate was to include lunch as well as a glass of wine .	glass of wine	positive
great place for lunch !	lunch	positive
the food came out as ordered and tasted wonderful .	food	positive
i absolutely love zizzo .	zizzo	positive
it had a pile of bacon in it and it sure was tasty .	pile	positive
i slept amazing and had no noisy neighbors .	neighbors	positive
the service is amazing !	service	positive
the staff was pleasant and super quick .	staff	positive
great casual vibe with upscale tavern food and a decent wine list .	casual vibe	positive
great casual vibe with upscale tavern food and a decent wine list .	tavern food	positive
great casual vibe with upscale tavern food and a decent wine list .	wine list	positive
so then there 's the food ... amazing !	food	positive
even the garlic bread was delicious .	garlic bread	positive
this little family place has a nice clean kitchen and legit mexican food .	kitchen	positive
this little family place has a nice clean kitchen and legit mexican food .	mexican food	positive
you can also enjoy the family atmosphere and dine-in .	family atmosphere	positive
food was good and tasted fresh .	food	positive
jessica needs a better bedside manner .	bedside manner	positive
the services overall was terribly slow even as the restaurant was beginning to empty .	services	negative
rude comments throughout dinner .	comments	negative
rude comments throughout dinner .	dinner	negative
i really enjoy this place ... you will too !	place	positive
i only came here for the training , very depressing experience .	training	negative
also , they no longer serve flights .	flights	negative
the last bill was just under $ _num_ .	bill	negative
imagine my delight when a coworker directed me to the bread basket .	bread basket	positive
we were double billed and the service was horrible .	service	negative
we came here because one of their overpriced boxes apparently failed .	boxes	negative
so you know how bad the course is ... no you do n't ?	course	negative
service and tried and true menu is always just good .	service	positive
service and tried and true menu is always just good .	menu	positive
one of the best skate shops i 've ever visited for selection and value .	skate shops	positive
one of the best skate shops i 've ever visited for selection and value .	selection	positive
one of the best skate shops i 've ever visited for selection and value .	value	positive
coworker had the rib eye and cooked to perfection .	rib eye	positive
go to red lobster you 'll have a better meal at less money .	red	positive
go to red lobster you 'll have a better meal at less money .	meal	positive
go to red lobster you 'll have a better meal at less money .	money	negative
it was like taking $ _num_ and burning it in front of me .	$	negative
a hole in the wall chinese restaurant can produce better chinese food .	chinese food	negative
again all the service was done promptly and for a very reasonable price .	service	positive
again all the service was done promptly and for a very reasonable price .	price	positive
great pizza , fast delivery and the staff is always friendly .	pizza	positive
great pizza , fast delivery and the staff is always friendly .	delivery	positive
great pizza , fast delivery and the staff is always friendly .	staff	positive
love this place !	place	positive
delicious crepes they have sweet , savory and even breakfast crepes !	crepes	positive
delicious crepes they have sweet , savory and even breakfast crepes !	breakfast crepes	positive
service is top notch .	service	positive
tip : 3rd floor is the best .	tip	positive
tip : 3rd floor is the best .	3rd floor	positive
i am beyond disappointed in the customer service i received at this branch .	customer service	negative
i am beyond disappointed in the customer service i received at this branch .	branch	negative
my primary complaint is not food but service .	food	negative
my primary complaint is not food but service .	service	negative
wanted real food but they are breakfast only until it runs out .	food	positive
wanted real food but they are breakfast only until it runs out .	breakfast	positive
the cashier is always friendly and the business seems to always have customers .	cashier	positive
the cashier is always friendly and the business seems to always have customers .	business	positive
the cashier is always friendly and the business seems to always have customers .	customers	positive
these guys are friendly and know their stuff .	guys	positive
love when the band `` new river '' is there !	band	positive
busy place but not full .	place	negative
excellent evening , food and service were amazing !	food	positive
excellent evening , food and service were amazing !	service	positive
so i asked for a chicken burrito with salsa like last time .	chicken burrito with salsa	positive
prices here also seemed pretty reasonable for as nice of a restaurant it is .	prices	positive
we always have a great meal .	meal	positive
it has a great comfortable feel to it .	feel	positive
i absolutely love this yoga studio .	yoga studio	positive
best sports bar in town bar none .	sports bar	positive
best sports bar in town bar none .	bar	positive
delicious food !	food	positive
food is always made from fresh , locally grown ingredients .	food	positive
food is always made from fresh , locally grown ingredients .	ingredients	positive
great place to go with the family or a date .	place	positive
but ... no , i decided why not see how their other food is .	food	negative
however , the service was just short of horrendous .	service	negative
the food was good .	food	positive
this place is great i definitely recommend going here if your a carnivore .	place	positive
absolutely fantastic valentine 's day brunch .	valentine	positive
best house margarita in phoenix .	house margarita	positive
the food was wonderful as well as the staff !	food	positive
the food was wonderful as well as the staff !	staff	positive
tonight i ordered delivery .	delivery	positive
egg roll and crab puff were fantastic also .	egg roll	positive
egg roll and crab puff were fantastic also .	crab puff	positive
sat outside in a wonderful seating area .	seating area	positive
but my stay actually went quite smooth .	stay	positive
this is my favorite resort in the us .	resort	positive
very good chow .	chow	positive
it was served on styrofoam plates and the customer service was lacking .	styrofoam plates	negative
it was served on styrofoam plates and the customer service was lacking .	customer service	negative
highly recommend this fast drive-thru !	drive-thru	positive
the rosemary flavor was a little overwhelming but in general was ok .	rosemary flavor	negative
the staff here are awesome !	staff	positive
first off , i was under the impression they had homemade ice cream .	homemade ice cream	negative
no microwave .	microwave	negative
atmosphere is super comfortable .	atmosphere	positive
this jamba juice is great .	jamba juice	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
whole place smelled of stale smoke .	stale smoke	negative
one of the best service experiences i 've gone through by far .	service	positive
bread might have been a little stale , but it was still good .	bread	negative
the crispy fish with mango was so good !	crispy fish with mango	positive
what a charming place .	place	positive
i have a big heart , and there 's room enough for you both .	heart	positive
very friendly and helpful location .	location	positive
the staff is so friendly !	staff	positive
will not be returning as the prices can not justify the service and quantity .	prices	negative
will not be returning as the prices can not justify the service and quantity .	service	negative
will not be returning as the prices can not justify the service and quantity .	quantity	negative
while the lobby is renovated , the rooms are extremely dated .	lobby	negative
while the lobby is renovated , the rooms are extremely dated .	rooms	negative
so essentially , you do n't really have a view .	view	negative
this place is perfect for the kids .	place	positive
the manager even put new battery in !	manager	positive
the manager even put new battery in !	battery	positive
we went there for a late dinner one night and enjoyed ourselves .	dinner	positive
you ca n't beat the atmosphere and the good is good old home cookin !	atmosphere	positive
great service , knowledgeable and prompt .	service	positive
there are not words to describe how completely horrible this place is .	place	negative
gun fight show was fun to watch .	gun fight show	positive
avoid this place .	place	negative
no character .	character	negative
the check out staff are so friendly and helpful .	check out staff	positive
the staff and service was very friendly and good .	staff	positive
the staff and service was very friendly and good .	service	positive
great for a quick lunch if your work in the area .	lunch	positive
great for a quick lunch if your work in the area .	area	positive
great customer service !	customer service	positive
there is a happy hour that has some good deals .	deals	positive
half of our table had the sea bass special and it was delicious .	table	positive
half of our table had the sea bass special and it was delicious .	sea bass special	positive
this is my favorite spot to visit in scottsdale .	spot	positive
the sandwich was $ _num_ .	sandwich	positive
i stayed in a beautiful private condo that was fabulous !	private condo	positive
michele is an absolute amazing repair consultant .	repair consultant	positive
my favorite is getting the lunch special pizza and having prosciutto added to it .	lunch special pizza	positive
not bad , but for sure not worth the carbs .	carbs	negative
the slim cut works well .	slim cut	positive
another table of diners was extremely loud .	table of diners	negative
that sandwich really is a joke .	sandwich	negative
there could have been more meat but it was still good .	meat	positive
we 've been there twice , and both times we have had excellent service .	service	positive
their prices are quite reasonable and they definitely care about animals and people alike .	prices	positive
their prices are quite reasonable and they definitely care about animals and people alike .	animals	positive
we recommend his services to everyone .	services	positive
i run a salon and spa so of all people i get it .	salon	positive
i run a salon and spa so of all people i get it .	spa	positive
music is great and not too loud and the people are really friendly .	music	positive
music is great and not too loud and the people are really friendly .	people	positive
everyone in our group enjoyed the meals and talked about coming back .	meals	positive
cold , not cooked , no flavor .	flavor	negative
always very friendly at the drive thru .	drive	positive
the service , however , is not so great .	service	negative
the chicken was very bland and a little tough .	chicken	negative
then why am i sending my eggs back ?	eggs	negative
i can not wait to cut my ties .	ties	positive
waiting room is very small .	waiting room	negative
i 've seen both vets and they are both amazing !	vets	positive
the staff and service at this location is outstanding !	staff	positive
the staff and service at this location is outstanding !	service	positive
its quality .	quality	positive
very dark and secluded make a great date nite place .	place	negative
the quality of the food was good and the portions were generous in size .	quality of	positive
the quality of the food was good and the portions were generous in size .	portions	positive
service was incredibly slow .	service	negative
great food in az .	food	positive
after ringing me up he explained how to use the medications .	medications	positive
also loved the braised beef and chili mac and cheese .	braised beef	positive
also loved the braised beef and chili mac and cheese .	chili mac and cheese	positive
food was very good - great value !	food	positive
food was very good - great value !	value	positive
fantastic selection of wines and always served at the proper temperature .	selection of wines	positive
fantastic selection of wines and always served at the proper temperature .	served	positive
fantastic selection of wines and always served at the proper temperature .	temperature	positive
the room was large , but it was n't well appointed and very bland .	room	positive
i absolutely love the crispy spicy tuna - ca n't get enough of it !	crispy spicy tuna - ca	positive
small place that makes you feel at home on the very first visit .	place	negative
this place was amazing .	place	positive
a real buy for your $ .	buy	positive
love love this place .	place	positive
i would recommend the burger tho .	burger	positive
the service is always attentive and i always feel well taken care of .	service	positive
love , love , love this place !	place	positive
the fruit is always bright and a good portion .	fruit	positive
the fruit is always bright and a good portion .	portion	positive
we ordered the banana split and it was great for sharing .	banana split	positive
high marks .	marks	positive
wait times for food - not a friday or saturday - are ridiculously long .	wait	negative
wait times for food - not a friday or saturday - are ridiculously long .	food	negative
they know their coffee , and they have some great healthy lunch options .	coffee	positive
they know their coffee , and they have some great healthy lunch options .	lunch options	positive
pizza was burnt also and looked like something from restaurant nightmare .	pizza	negative
its moderately priced but it was all very nice and well chosen .	priced	positive
fyi not friendly on the dog patio .	dog patio	negative
the merchandise is of great quality , and they have a huge selection .	merchandise	positive
nightly live music , amazing guacamole , and nestled in the mountains .	live music	positive
nightly live music , amazing guacamole , and nestled in the mountains .	guacamole	positive
really enjoyed our dinner .	dinner	positive
glad i found this dentist !	dentist	positive
the atmosphere is great , dark plush seating , warm colors .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is great , dark plush seating , warm colors .	plush seating	positive
hell , diet or anything else , it is all bad for you .	diet	negative
it was so salty that it was not edible .	salty	negative
fairly new short tables .	short tables	negative
nice semi fancy restaurant for special occasions .	restaurant	positive
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	hot food	negative
found this place yesterday for lunch .	lunch	positive
note to self : beer only next time .	beer	positive
dinner was over $ _num_ with a mid priced bottle of wine .	dinner	negative
dinner was over $ _num_ with a mid priced bottle of wine .	bottle of wine	negative
this place is awesome !	place	positive
went to malee 's thai tonight and it was very good .	thai	positive
cute studio space and very clean .	studio space	positive
i always get my water here , because it tastes the best by far .	water	positive
good dining experience !	dining experience	positive
okay , it 's also a cool place to grab drinks with friends .	place	positive
okay , it 's also a cool place to grab drinks with friends .	drinks	positive
this place has a very retro , first class feel .	place	positive
this place has a very retro , first class feel .	feel	positive
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	quality	negative
always good food good service !	food	positive
always good food good service !	service	positive
and aveda color is my fave !	aveda color	positive
and aveda color is my fave !	fave	positive
breakfast is wonderful .	breakfast	positive
great food !	food	positive
totally worth the wait .	wait	positive
this place does n't disappoint .	place	positive
this marvelous team stayed after closing to finish the job for me .	team	positive
best happy hour specials and pretty good customer service .	happy hour specials	positive
best happy hour specials and pretty good customer service .	customer service	positive
there are _num_ star hotels very nearby for the same price .	price	negative
and the staff is outstanding .	staff	positive
you have 4-5 nurses in the office who do nothing .	nurses	negative
this place is so fun .	place	positive
tab for _num_ people ( one only had coffee ) was $ _num_ .	people	negative
tab for _num_ people ( one only had coffee ) was $ _num_ .	coffee	negative
i saw a sale on wall cabinets and called to inquire .	wall cabinets	negative
by far the best italian food i 've had in arizona .	italian food	positive
they have a signature pear shot that is delicious .	pear shot	positive
the service is really top notch .	service	positive
the second time was the same thing just a different bartender .	bartender	negative
usually blueberries in pancakes are the opposite .	blueberries in pancakes	negative
the food was very good , but the service was outstanding .	food	positive
the food was very good , but the service was outstanding .	service	positive
he loves to play and visit with all of his friends at the shop .	shop	positive
it 's still the best greek food in phoenix !	greek food	positive
they were very patronizing , snotty and most of all over priced .	priced	negative
their breakfast is amazing and out of this world !	breakfast	positive
the guacamole was amazing .	guacamole	positive
or option _num_ .	option _num_	positive
amazing views and the service was excellent .	views	positive
amazing views and the service was excellent .	service	positive
you need to get your old chef back .	chef	negative
the staff was friendly and courteous and the price is very reasonable .	staff	positive
the staff was friendly and courteous and the price is very reasonable .	price	positive
super generous on the pours .	pours	positive
great place !	place	positive
plus the prices were great !	prices	positive
tvs are on and people are chatting .	tvs	positive
tvs are on and people are chatting .	people	positive
the park is older and a little run down .	park	negative
dale is absolutely awesome .	dale	positive
_num_ : the food was almost warm .	food	negative
the staff were fantastic and really attentive .	staff	positive
beautiful office and very fairly priced .	office	positive
beautiful office and very fairly priced .	priced	positive
staff is very good .	staff	positive
cheap frames , cheap lenses , rude staff !	frames	negative
cheap frames , cheap lenses , rude staff !	lenses	negative
cheap frames , cheap lenses , rude staff !	staff	negative
it is cheap italian food , but friendly and fast .	italian food	positive
it 's affordable and it 's just a great place .	place	positive
_num_ ) my moving out bill .	moving out bill	positive
this place is pretty amazing .	place	positive
the wine selection is nice and the pasta is to die for .	wine selection	positive
the wine selection is nice and the pasta is to die for .	pasta	positive
i love that it 's student work , fresh and modern and really intriguing .	student work	positive
great people watching !	people	positive
the front office staff treats you like you 're family .	front office staff	positive
it was a last minute booking and everyone was wonderful .	booking	positive
all is takes is the right tailoring .	tailoring	positive
the food was great , atmosphere perfect !	food	positive
the food was great , atmosphere perfect !	atmosphere	positive
come for the driving range , do n't come for anything else .	driving range	positive
the pizza literally looked like what my leftovers looked like in college .	pizza	negative
most everything is frozen , processed and covered in batter .	batter	negative
this is a dive bar first and foremost .	dive bar	positive
the groceries , the subs , the house made olives , everything is great !	groceries	positive
the groceries , the subs , the house made olives , everything is great !	subs	positive
the groceries , the subs , the house made olives , everything is great !	house made olives	positive
the food was amazing as usual and our server jaime was great .	food	positive
the food was amazing as usual and our server jaime was great .	server	positive
work ordered lunch for the office and it was awesome !	lunch	positive
work ordered lunch for the office and it was awesome !	office	positive
great service from our waitress shannon !	service	positive
best country bar in scottsdale .	country bar	positive
the dentist is very nice and gentle also .	dentist	positive
the kids loved the live country band .	live country band	positive
wow ... what a horrible experience at this dealership !	dealership	negative
the granola was store bought , bland , nothing special .	granola	negative
he has my wedding , babies , memories , first home , etc ... .	babies	positive
my order is simple , two lousy pieces of original dark chicken .	dark chicken	negative
you can see the groomer and peak into the doggie day care area .	groomer	positive
you can see the groomer and peak into the doggie day care area .	doggie day care area	positive
the tech was very friendly and professional .	tech	positive
that 's always an extra bonus !	bonus	positive
the owners are funny and nice .	owners	positive
best dry cleaners in town .	dry cleaners	positive
i have found the wait staff is always friendly and nice .	wait staff	positive
( very long line there ) .	line	negative
and the waitresses are easy on the eyes .	waitresses	positive
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .	performing arts center	positive
great service !	service	positive
steak was done to perfection .	steak	positive
place is dirty and stinky .	place	negative
they had very little sauce and were overly unimpressive .	sauce	negative
i finally agreed to $ _num_ for a wash , wax , and detail .	wash	positive
i finally agreed to $ _num_ for a wash , wax , and detail .	wax	positive
the worst 4th of july ever !	4th	negative
quick , prompt service , they fixed everything and even went above and beyond .	service	positive
the service was prompt and food was tasty .	service	positive
the service was prompt and food was tasty .	food	positive
this place is a dining experience .	place	positive
this place is a dining experience .	dining experience	positive
friendly , efficient and great quality tailoring .	quality tailoring	positive
our food was obviously of very low quality .	food	negative
amazing , friendly staff and an incredible choice of wine !	staff	positive
the best happy hour menu & happy hour drinks .	happy hour menu	positive
i was expecting my socks to be knocked off .	socks	negative
my biggest problem with the restaurant - the service .	service	negative
bell ( kyle rocks ! )	bell	positive
we go every tuesday for taco tuesdays , it is a great value .	taco tuesdays	positive
we go every tuesday for taco tuesdays , it is a great value .	value	positive
reasonable prices and the food was so good !	prices	positive
reasonable prices and the food was so good !	food	positive
just played and the greens were so true .	greens	positive
however , this is fantastic mexican food at a very reasonable price .	mexican food	positive
however , this is fantastic mexican food at a very reasonable price .	price	positive
my husband and i keep trying to find `` the '' mexican place .	mexican place	positive
life 's too short to do business with crooks .	crooks	negative
had an outstanding lunch here .	lunch	positive
very cheap food with amazing flavor the staff is always nice and inviting .	food	positive
very cheap food with amazing flavor the staff is always nice and inviting .	flavor	positive
very cheap food with amazing flavor the staff is always nice and inviting .	staff	positive
the staff at advanced eye care are so friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
they do have nice patio space .	patio space	positive
we then ordered the green chili stew , and fresh guacamole .	green chili stew	positive
we then ordered the green chili stew , and fresh guacamole .	guacamole	positive
i 've never been , it 's close to my place ... why not ?	place	positive
lovely , wonderful man who takes great pride in his heritage and food .	food	positive
drinks were slow to arrive and poor lighting outside made it awkward to order .	drinks	negative
drinks were slow to arrive and poor lighting outside made it awkward to order .	lighting	negative
i 've been here several times and i always get great service .	service	positive
love love love !	love	positive
it 's our favorite family cold treat .	family cold treat	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
great service friendly people to chat with while i waited !	service	positive
great service friendly people to chat with while i waited !	people	positive
i promise you wo n't be upset if you go see emily !	emily	positive
enjoy the ride folks !	ride	positive
got sushi was great !	sushi	positive
great hospitality at this resort !	hospitality	positive
great hospitality at this resort !	resort	positive
service is terrible !	service	negative
the bartenders make you feel welcome !	bartenders	positive
however , the venue is n't the best by any means .	venue	negative
find any other place in scottsdale .	place	positive
i walk in and sit down , wait , then wait some more .	wait	negative
all i ate was the bbq chicken pizza and thought it was tasty .	bbq chicken pizza	positive
thank u for dinner zipps !	dinner zipps	positive
so it 's a chain .	chain	positive
the building is old and yuck .	building	positive
great place !	place	positive
mike is very knowledgable and friendly .	mike	positive
this is a great company .	company	positive
the way i was treated by the hostess made me turn around and leave .	hostess	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
his massages are equally amazing and the best i 've ever had .	massages	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
this is my go to spot for any type of italian food .	italian food	positive
very friendly staff .	staff	positive
beer still warm and service slow .	beer	negative
beer still warm and service slow .	service	negative
wasted $ , wasted evening .	$	negative
eat at the bar !	bar	positive
they always deliver the food quickly and hot .	food	positive
the planes pull right up to the cafe and park .	planes	negative
the planes pull right up to the cafe and park .	cafe	negative
best chicken enchiladas anywhere !	chicken enchiladas	positive
the hummus and eggplant appetizer was very good , with the bread .	hummus	positive
the hummus and eggplant appetizer was very good , with the bread .	eggplant appetizer	positive
the hummus and eggplant appetizer was very good , with the bread .	bread	positive
after i had chosen from the extremely limited color selection , my pedicure started .	color selection	negative
amazing mexican food !	mexican food	positive
this place was great .	place	positive
the garlic edamame was really good .	garlic edamame	positive
in season items and a great fresh dried bean section .	fresh dried bean section	positive
i found the food to be very good and the help very friendly .	food	positive
this place just lost all of my future business over a $ _num_ return .	place	negative
i 'm so disappointed in this place .	place	negative
food is just ok not real mexican flavor as they advertise .	food	negative
service is great .	service	positive
staff is friendly .	staff	positive
ambiance was fun .	ambiance	positive
the tasting was completely worth the cost and we will definitely be back !	tasting	positive
the tasting was completely worth the cost and we will definitely be back !	cost	positive
the outside patio is nice .	outside patio	positive
then , we ordered our food and waited another _num_ minutes .	food	negative
the food is in large portions and fantastic quality .	food	positive
the food is in large portions and fantastic quality .	portions	positive
the food is in large portions and fantastic quality .	quality	positive
so for good food and a little relaxation ... hit the tavern !	food	positive
nothing but great things to say about , '' my great home !	home	positive
this hotel gets the job done .	hotel	positive
kinda over priced but always taste good .	priced	negative
nice staff .	staff	positive
but never the less , the burger was still delicious as ever !	burger	positive
this place is a treasure in old town scottsdale !	place	positive
this place is a treasure in old town scottsdale !	scottsdale	positive
he insisted i put my bag in the back of the van .	bag	negative
same great food , slightly cheaper pricing and quicker service .	food	positive
same great food , slightly cheaper pricing and quicker service .	pricing	negative
same great food , slightly cheaper pricing and quicker service .	service	positive
plus , he said the meat was chewy and low quality .	meat	negative
the service was n't that great and my tacos were very greasy .	service	negative
great food , fresh , flavorful .	food	positive
i really enjoyed eating at the breakfast club .	breakfast club	positive
sat at the sushi bar and everything we ordered was very good .	sushi bar	positive
service is wonderful .	service	positive
horrible company , dishonest pricing - do not hire .	company	negative
horrible company , dishonest pricing - do not hire .	pricing	negative
their kung pao chicken was soggy .	kung pao chicken	negative
sushi happy hour is the hidden secret .	sushi happy hour	positive
super nice guys .	guys	positive
their service has alway been great .	service	positive
delicious food !	food	positive
great place , a bit off the beaten path but still near old town .	place	positive
the food is very good and inexpensive .	food	positive
love love love !	love	positive
the breakfast this morning was not the best .	breakfast	negative
the food here sucks .	food	negative
they have that moroccan oil which is really popular right now for hair care .	moroccan oil	positive
they have that moroccan oil which is really popular right now for hair care .	hair care	positive
great to stop in after the morning rush hour crowd .	crowd	positive
the happy family is amazing and my dish of choice .	family	positive
very knowledgeable and polite with great inventory .	inventory	positive
i kid you not , peas , and lots of them .	peas	positive
i dig the atmosphere , good music , cool staff .	atmosphere	positive
i dig the atmosphere , good music , cool staff .	music	positive
i dig the atmosphere , good music , cool staff .	staff	positive
my filets are always to die for !	filets	positive
still a great place .	place	positive
i highly recommend this place .	place	positive
they also have freshly made drinks that are refreshing !	drinks	positive
amazing speciality rolls ; hurricane and nacho mama were delicious .	speciality rolls	positive
amazing speciality rolls ; hurricane and nacho mama were delicious .	nacho mama	positive
the food here is wonderful .	food	positive
pack _num_ adults into the venue and you can hardly breathe .	venue	negative
i asked them what their delivery fee was , they said $ _num_ .	delivery fee	negative
the potatoes from dinner taste like boxed potatoes and not seasoned well .	potatoes	negative
the potatoes from dinner taste like boxed potatoes and not seasoned well .	boxed potatoes	negative
great customer service when i went in .	customer service	positive
for pricing i 'll share : $ _num_ for jumbo washers , the largest .	pricing	positive
for pricing i 'll share : $ _num_ for jumbo washers , the largest .	jumbo washers	positive
one of the worst meals i 've had .	meals	negative
i am so happy i go to this salon .	salon	positive
a great meal in a great part of mesa .	meal	positive
staff friendly and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
this place sucks .	place	negative
the food was lacking as well .	food	negative
this team has made my life better each time i visit .	team	positive
their tzatziki is very good ... .	tzatziki	positive
i walked out and did n't finish the pedi .	pedi	negative
that chocolate dome is freaking amazing .	chocolate dome	positive
i 've always had good customer service .	customer service	positive
the employees are always super helpful and the selection is great .	employees	positive
the employees are always super helpful and the selection is great .	selection	positive
service was enthusiastic and well done .	service	positive
my family and i love this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	dessert	positive
he pushed me enough to feel my workout and made it fun !	workout	positive
they are honest and amazing at their repair work .	repair work	positive
it 's still a solid choice for asian food .	asian food	positive
i love their food .	food	positive
i really appreciate office max at this location .	office max	positive
i really appreciate office max at this location .	location	positive
nice patio to eat on too !	patio	positive
did n't offer reduced check , dessert or anything .	check	negative
did n't offer reduced check , dessert or anything .	dessert	negative
no wonder this place has all one star reviews .	place	positive
omg , what a waste of time , lies and horrible customer service !	customer service	negative
nice little place but rude staff .	place	positive
nice little place but rude staff .	staff	negative
no silverware or napkins were brought out .	silverware	negative
no silverware or napkins were brought out .	napkins	negative
customer service : _num_ star .	customer service	positive
office staff was extremely nice and caring .	office staff	positive
may be the best retail sales person i 've ever met .	retail sales	positive
i waited at the counter for _num_ minutes before i asked for help .	counter	negative
's review before writing mine and my story is pretty much the same !	story	positive
( i feel like i 'm listening to the charlie brown teacher perform . )	charlie brown teacher	negative
the service staff was professional and knowledgeable .	service staff	positive
food is good .	food	positive
the juice even made the fries soggy !	juice	negative
the juice even made the fries soggy !	fries	negative
this place is a must go to chill and drink good wine .	wine	positive
amazing fresh food and on the spot import deli meats and cheeses .	fresh food	positive
amazing fresh food and on the spot import deli meats and cheeses .	deli meats	positive
terrible service .	service	negative
the a/c unit was loud and it did keep me up .	a/c unit	negative
this did not feel like a _num_ star hotel at all .	hotel	negative
focaccia rolls are another favorite , especially the buffalo chicken one .	focaccia rolls	positive
focaccia rolls are another favorite , especially the buffalo chicken one .	buffalo chicken	positive
food is excellent .	food	positive
chips and salsa are great !	chips	positive
chips and salsa are great !	salsa	positive
hotel is very clean and the prices were reasonable .	hotel	positive
hotel is very clean and the prices were reasonable .	prices	positive
the baked garlic shrimp are delicious and so is their french onion soup .	baked garlic shrimp	positive
the baked garlic shrimp are delicious and so is their french onion soup .	french onion soup	positive
i pretty much always get the prime rib .	prime rib	positive
just awesome food and service ... thank you !	food	positive
just awesome food and service ... thank you !	service	positive
great food , great pricing and quick , friendly delivery .	food	positive
great food , great pricing and quick , friendly delivery .	pricing	positive
great food , great pricing and quick , friendly delivery .	delivery	positive
however , the prices are very reasonable for lunch .	prices	positive
however , the prices are very reasonable for lunch .	lunch	positive
we then ordered the volcano roll ... absolutely horrible .	volcano roll	negative
in keeping with chain restaurants style , the food is very unimpressive .	food	negative
great views .	views	positive
the head clerk asked me not to talk this way to the clerk .	head clerk	negative
james elliot is the most wonderful jewelry store !	jewelry	positive
this place is always full , but never any real wait for a table .	wait	negative
this place is always full , but never any real wait for a table .	table	positive
regardless of the price , i 'll still go back .	price	positive
nice charming and delicious food .	food	positive
i love this brake masters !	brake masters	positive
fantastic thai restaurant with delightful flavors .	thai	positive
fantastic thai restaurant with delightful flavors .	flavors	positive
great neighborhood bike shop .	bike shop	positive
the staff are very attentive and do very well considering the vast wine list .	staff	positive
the staff are very attentive and do very well considering the vast wine list .	wine list	positive
so i stopped turned around and insisted that i speak to a manager .	manager	negative
the service was even better .	service	positive
they just brought it out in a to-go box with no explanation .	box	negative
and `` our '' waitress is so the best !	waitress	positive
i love their smoothies and their staff is always so helpful and kind !	smoothies	positive
i love their smoothies and their staff is always so helpful and kind !	staff	positive
overall , this place has been great .	place	positive
the buffet pizza and wings were really good .	buffet pizza	positive
the buffet pizza and wings were really good .	wings	positive
good clean resturant with lots of menu choices .	menu choices	positive
horrible service right from the start .	service	negative
absolutely love this place !	place	positive
took _num_ minutes from arrival to being served .	served	negative
also a great place to watch a game or play some darts .	game	positive
also a great place to watch a game or play some darts .	darts	positive
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	meal	negative
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	meal	negative
it is supposed to be a kid friendly restaurant .	restaurant	positive
then to add insult to injury they charged me $ _num_ for the potatoes !	potatoes	negative
luv it luv it luv it !	luv	positive
luv it luv it luv it !	luv	positive
this pf changs , like most others , is fairly reliable .	pf changs	positive
a miniature bread bowl filled with mayonnaise .	bread bowl	positive
a miniature bread bowl filled with mayonnaise .	mayonnaise	positive
hummus was awesome and kabob was really good .	hummus	positive
hummus was awesome and kabob was really good .	kabob	positive
nice scenery , good wine , great pizza .	scenery	positive
nice scenery , good wine , great pizza .	wine	positive
nice scenery , good wine , great pizza .	pizza	positive
there was a choice of soup or salad .	soup	positive
there was a choice of soup or salad .	salad	positive
first off service was horrible !	service	negative
mongolian beef is awesome .	mongolian beef	positive
this is one of the best hidden gems in phoenix .	hidden gems	positive
the staff is friendly .	staff	positive
escargot was only item worth recommending .	escargot	positive
service nevertheless was super fast and we were in and out within _num_ minutes .	service	positive
i think i found a new fave spot .	fave spot	positive
this is our spot for sport watching in the hood .	spot	positive
this is our spot for sport watching in the hood .	sport	positive
got chips and salsa for a starter and had red enchiladas for the entree .	chips	positive
got chips and salsa for a starter and had red enchiladas for the entree .	starter	positive
got chips and salsa for a starter and had red enchiladas for the entree .	red enchiladas	positive
got chips and salsa for a starter and had red enchiladas for the entree .	entree	positive
the service was very good and the atmosphere was warm and cozy .	service	positive
the service was very good and the atmosphere was warm and cozy .	atmosphere	positive
delicious , greasy , fat , juicy burgers !	burgers	positive
the post he put in was too big and too deep .	post	negative
decent service .	service	positive
the food is outstanding and so is the service .	food	positive
the food is outstanding and so is the service .	service	positive
customer service is most excellent at this store !	customer service	positive
probably the worst customer service that i have ever experienced .	customer service	negative
they make their bread , boars head meats are great .	bread	positive
they make their bread , boars head meats are great .	boars head meats	positive
love the unique outdoor and indoor space !	outdoor	positive
love the unique outdoor and indoor space !	indoor space	positive
this is a really neat place to see concerts and go to odd events .	place	positive
this is a really neat place to see concerts and go to odd events .	concerts	positive
no problem with my drink .	drink	positive
our mistake was not going down there to see their stock !	stock	negative
great salad .	salad	positive
we had a great dining experience at bandera .	dining experience	positive
i recommend this place .	place	positive
this place has like ... _num_ or _num_ tables ... .	tables	positive
dog did great , and every one was friendly and fantastic as usually .	dog	positive
ps : bartender of _num_ years !	bartender	positive
doug and joy bracken did it again.	bracken	positive
great scottsdale haven .	scottsdale haven	positive
overall i would recommend this place .	place	positive
great sports bar with wall to wall tvs !	sports bar	positive
it went straight to the trash can .	trash can	negative
enjoyed the steak .	steak	positive
to think of all the money the team spent at that place !	money	positive
disappointing service all around .	service	negative
worse service ever .	service	negative
the only good thing about this place is that the wi-fi is free .	wi-fi	positive
front office people are always friendly .	front office people	positive
this place is awesome for happy hour .	place	positive
i 'm sad to say that super burrito `` fell off '' .	burrito	negative
four peaks , you need to train your employees on general people skills .	employees	negative
four peaks , you need to train your employees on general people skills .	general	negative
i highly recommend them for all your style needs !	style	positive
think _num_ or _num_ or even _num_ times before going there .	_num_	positive
great variety .	variety	positive
the food was fantastic .	food	positive
the burro was okay , not great .	burro	negative
i do n't feel like the meal was worth any where near that .	meal	negative
levels were n't set properly .	levels	negative
it made me immediately want to cancel my tanning membership .	tanning membership	negative
quick friendly service .	service	positive
i 'm a huge fan of their coconut soup with shrimp .	coconut soup with shrimp	positive
the restaurant was awesome experience .	restaurant	positive
i would n't even recommend these apartments to my worst enemy !	apartments	negative
our waiter aj was great .	waiter aj	positive
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	desk	negative
he let me in my storage and he just walked away .	storage	negative
great view , really good food , nice asian theme to the food .	food	positive
murphy , at the bar did n't .	bar	negative
great food !	food	positive
another favorite place of ours .	place	positive
my favorite restaurant !	restaurant	positive
their roasted red pepper hummus is the best i 've ever had .	roasted red pepper hummus	positive
worst panda location ... staff is rude and do n't care .	location	negative
worst panda location ... staff is rude and do n't care .	staff	negative
the selection of eyewear is excellent .	selection of eyewear	positive
this is the worst bar to goto .	bar	negative
i always love the small local mexican restaurants around town .	mexican restaurants	positive
delicious , home quality german food , prepared to order .	german food	positive
it 's hard to find decent chinese food in the valley .	chinese food	negative
he always does a great job and prices are fair .	prices	positive
the drinks were nice and strong .	drinks	positive
the carnitas looked good and my friend said he enjoyed them .	carnitas	positive
they have italian classics to sandwiches ( and desserts ! )	italian classics to sandwiches	positive
they have italian classics to sandwiches ( and desserts ! )	desserts	positive
atmosphere is relaxed .	atmosphere	positive
as usual the appointments went fantastic !	appointments	positive
the dessert was $ _num_ , the experience left a bad taste .	dessert	negative
this place hit the spot .	place	positive
this is one of our favorite places to take out of towners .	places	positive
the naan wasnt like a naan at all but more like tandoori roti .	naan	negative
the naan wasnt like a naan at all but more like tandoori roti .	naan	negative
the naan wasnt like a naan at all but more like tandoori roti .	tandoori roti	negative
we also had the scallops and they were good .	scallops	positive
excellent customer service !	customer service	positive
it will take you places you 've never been .	places	positive
the fried rice tasted like smoke from burnt oil .	fried rice	negative
food was great !	food	positive
the chairs were very close together and a foot behind me was another party .	chairs	negative
it almost never has another customer , for reasons that are pretty clear .	customer	negative
if he visits the salt cellar his first stop should be the kitchen .	salt cellar	positive
if he visits the salt cellar his first stop should be the kitchen .	kitchen	positive
i love goodwill stores in general so i knew what to expect of course .	stores	positive
ordered eggs benedict but they had sold out !	eggs benedict	negative
the food was n't greasy and i actually enjoyed it .	food	positive
great friendly staff and completely made my day by being so quick .	staff	positive
the marinated flank steak was delicious with the sweet soy garlic dipping sauce .	marinated flank steak	positive
the marinated flank steak was delicious with the sweet soy garlic dipping sauce .	sweet soy garlic dipping sauce	positive
susie is so professional and quick .	susie	positive
the kids really enjoyed those , as well as the little outdoor garden .	little outdoor garden	positive
awesome service ... on a sunday .	service	positive
yummy breakfast !	breakfast	positive
is customer service completely lost ?	customer service	negative
the owner already knows us !	owner	positive
icecream is of course good but every now and then it 's freezer burned .	icecream	positive
icecream is of course good but every now and then it 's freezer burned .	freezer	negative
love this place !	place	positive
this place has the best chips and salsa in town period !	chips	positive
thank you for your outstanding representation matt !	matt	positive
the food here is excellent .	food	positive
several entree choices and no more baked potatoes .	entree choices	positive
several entree choices and no more baked potatoes .	baked potatoes	negative
someone needs to know how the store is managed .	store	positive
this restaurant offers something for everyone .	restaurant	positive
i just love this store !	store	positive
that being said , the food here made me ill , literally .	food	negative
the wings are good !	wings	positive
i found the coach house refreshingly tacky and delightful .	coach house	positive
when my food arrived , i quickly found out .	food	positive
takeout porterhouse steak was way undercooked , like half raw .	takeout porterhouse steak	negative
impeccable service .	service	positive
the tom ka gai is really good here as well .	tom ka gai	positive
my friend and i both had margaritas and loved them as well !	margaritas	positive
she was incredible for my brazilian wax .	brazilian wax	positive
they all love animals .	animals	positive
the food is pretty fast , and always tasty .	food	positive
food was amazing from the house salad to the entrees !	food	positive
food was amazing from the house salad to the entrees !	house salad	positive
food was amazing from the house salad to the entrees !	entrees	positive
i 'll definitely come back to lenny 's to satisfy my frequent burger cravings .	burger	positive
the cheese bagels are the best around .	cheese bagels	positive
food is always delicious .	food	positive
the crowd was excellent and the comedians were all pretty funny .	crowd	positive
the crowd was excellent and the comedians were all pretty funny .	comedians	positive
keep up the good work !	work	positive
the interior definitely needs some updating but overall still a decent atmosphere .	interior	positive
the interior definitely needs some updating but overall still a decent atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
save your money and learn from my mistake !	money	positive
i drove all over the shopping center and did not see any sign whatsoever .	shopping center	negative
the service is very good hear you can relax and feel at home !	service	positive
the patio was closed , for no good reason .	patio	negative
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .	orange juice	positive
the staff was kind and considerate and loving as well .	staff	positive
_num_ bucks for a six pack at this shit hole ?	six	negative
great historic place that looks like it has never changed since it opened .	historic place	positive
i had dinner here last week and loved the food .	dinner	positive
i had dinner here last week and loved the food .	food	positive
awesome place !	place	positive
the famous zipps golden wings , yes !	zipps	positive
the wine list continues to amaze me every time i go in .	wine list	positive
service is always great too .	service	positive
i hate being treated like an animal .	animal	negative
seriously , some of the best food i 've ever had .	food	positive
they treat you like family once your there .	family	positive
one of our personal favorites on the menu is the green mary lou .	menu	positive
one of our personal favorites on the menu is the green mary lou .	green mary lou	positive
for those interested in visiting this part of town i highly recommend this hotel .	hotel	positive
i love the updated menu as well .	menu	positive
we 've been there many times and the food and service is always excellent !	food	positive
we 've been there many times and the food and service is always excellent !	service	positive
this place is one of our favorites .	place	positive
just a fun environment in there .	environment	positive
she was on the paperwork but had never been there before .	paperwork	negative
food was wrong when it came out .	food	negative
the food was fabulous and abundant .	food	positive
i bought _num_ groupons for this restaurant & our 1st experience was horrible .	groupons	negative
the best italian we 've found in mesa yet .	italian	positive
prices are very reasonable .	prices	positive
these guys are the best !	guys	positive
it is still large enough to be epic , and the acoustics are stellar .	acoustics	positive
the staff was very helpful and friendly .	staff	positive
i also had their fried oysters , both were wonderful and fresh !	fried oysters	positive
great selection of beers on tap .	selection of beers on tap	positive
love this place .	place	positive
and the care and attention received for my animals is equal at both clinics .	care	positive
and the care and attention received for my animals is equal at both clinics .	animals	positive
coffee was fresh and the food hot .	coffee	positive
coffee was fresh and the food hot .	food	positive
looking forward to lunch tomorrow so i can enjoy the leftovers .	lunch	positive
looking forward to lunch tomorrow so i can enjoy the leftovers .	leftovers	positive
i finally found a new go to hair stylist !	hair	positive
i have lived in phx forever and never knew about this fabulous gem !	phx	positive
i did n't realize you could mess up a pizza .	pizza	negative
the workers are very friendly , and the pool is very clean .	workers	positive
the workers are very friendly , and the pool is very clean .	pool	positive
i had the four cheese omlette , which was absolutely amazing .	four cheese omlette	positive
best of all , they had a sample pair of my contacts in stock !	stock	positive
the service is always on point , especially considering how crowded it usually is .	service	negative
i also got _num_ piece box of boneless chicken too .	box of	positive
this zipps is my favorite one .	zipps	positive
fried rice is amazing ... ... .	fried rice	positive
sit outside if you can , it 's beautiful out .	sit	positive
guests still talk about my wedding night , and how good the food was .	food	positive
a few hours later another chips as i am driving .	chips	negative
very inviting place inside and helpful staff .	place	positive
very inviting place inside and helpful staff .	staff	positive
excellent service !	service	positive
our first time here , we came because of all the great review .	review	positive
great place !	place	positive
no wonder there was bad service .	service	negative
i am an angry customer who do n't felt being treated correctly .	customer	negative
_num_ diamonds were missing from my band .	diamonds	negative
_num_ diamonds were missing from my band .	band	negative
the food is really good , the meatballs are homemade !	food	positive
the food is really good , the meatballs are homemade !	meatballs	positive
my _num_ year old will eat everything off both our plates !	plates	positive
both dishes were outstanding .	dishes	positive
had a little bit of a wait , but not too long .	wait	negative
the sprint girls was calling , oscar !	sprint girls	positive
perfect spot to shop for gift !	spot	positive
perfect spot to shop for gift !	gift	positive
we ended up not buying any tickets to ride the rides .	rides	negative
and if you do , do n't go to four peaks .	peaks	negative
but i mean it 's a motel _num_ .	motel _num_	positive
completely terrible service .	service	negative
service and food was amazing .	service	positive
service and food was amazing .	food	positive
food was not good .	food	negative
this was the biggest waste on money .	money	negative
this is a negative review warning people that they auto gratuity your check .	check	negative
bad customer service and subpar food .	customer service	negative
bad customer service and subpar food .	food	negative
it 's friendly and nicely decorated .	decorated	positive
great go to spot .	spot	positive
i tried his steak and that was pretty good too , cooked just right .	steak	positive
thanks to him my teeth feel fabulous .	teeth	positive
freshly made pineapple juice !	pineapple juice	positive
for fast cheap mexican food this place is the best !	mexican food	positive
over the years , i 've bought countless gifts here !	gifts	positive
love this office .	office	positive
first of all the price was excellent and shipping was quick and free .	price	positive
first of all the price was excellent and shipping was quick and free .	shipping	positive
badly infested with roaches and crime in unbelievably high .	roaches	negative
badly infested with roaches and crime in unbelievably high .	crime	negative
great food , ambience and friendly , attentive service !	food	positive
great food , ambience and friendly , attentive service !	ambience	positive
great food , ambience and friendly , attentive service !	service	positive
wings are good too .	wings	positive
i found this place after one of those midnight cravings .	place	positive
attentive and seems like the locals love them .	locals	positive
and then a cockroach walked across my table !	cockroach	negative
and then a cockroach walked across my table !	table	negative
great service .	service	positive
they should have comped that pizza .	pizza	negative
definitely one of my favorite breakfast spots .	breakfast spots	positive
i 'm no bbq expert , but the food at steakhouse was forgettable .	bbq	negative
i 'm no bbq expert , but the food at steakhouse was forgettable .	food	negative
this place is ridiculous .	place	negative
disappointed by charleston 's reputation .	charleston	negative
disappointed by charleston 's reputation .	reputation	negative
an er is rarely going to run super smooth but this one was great .	er	positive
now that they accept credit cards it makes it so much better !	credit cards	positive
i get it almost every week and the service is excellent fast and efficient .	service	positive
i love the retro feel of this place .	feel	positive
i love the retro feel of this place .	place	positive
my daughter likes cinnamon & raisin and i like cinnamon & sugar .	cinnamon & raisin	positive
another great experience at malee 's !	malee	positive
please talk to your cleaning crew .	cleaning crew	positive
captain and crew made the trip very enjoyable .	crew	positive
the waiter was horrible .	waiter	negative
both items were bland and over cooked .	items	negative
whoever orders for health and beauty sucks and should be fired .	health	negative
whoever orders for health and beauty sucks and should be fired .	beauty	negative
best steak ever .	steak	positive
i ca n't believe the great reviews this place gets .	place	positive
a group of gals hit this place for a late lunch on a friday .	lunch	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
the metro center discount tire is my favorite location .	metro center discount tire	positive
the metro center discount tire is my favorite location .	location	positive
save your money & your patience .	money	positive
save your money & your patience .	patience	positive
i stood at the empty counter and waited .	counter	negative
keep in mind i only want the one kind of donut .	donut	positive
the cheese used on the omelets is tasteless .	cheese	negative
the cheese used on the omelets is tasteless .	omelets	negative
this place is horrible .	place	negative
my love handles thank you bosa !	handles	positive
i had an order of oysters one day and it was ... amazing !	oysters	positive
the check was brought over and we never saw the waitress again .	check	positive
the check was brought over and we never saw the waitress again .	waitress	negative
amazing food .	food	positive
no seating .	seating	negative
awesome set of guys .	set	positive
authentically quaint italian grocery spot in the south side of scottsdale .	italian grocery spot	positive
nice clean hotel with good amenities .	hotel	positive
nice clean hotel with good amenities .	amenities	positive
the bill finally came , she had overcharged us for the calzone .	bill	negative
the bill finally came , she had overcharged us for the calzone .	calzone	negative
service was very good .	service	positive
all the ladies were wonderful , beautiful outside and inside .	ladies	positive
terrible attitude .	attitude	negative
best sushi in az hands down .	sushi in az	positive
definitely a stop during the weekly groceries !	groceries	negative
i love eating donut and this place have a fresh and high quality donuts .	donut	positive
i love eating donut and this place have a fresh and high quality donuts .	donuts	positive
what a terrible place to go bowling .	place	negative
what a terrible place to go bowling .	bowling	negative
excellent food .	food	positive
definitely the best place to grab a bite in old town scottsdale !	place	positive
definitely the best place to grab a bite in old town scottsdale !	scottsdale	positive
friendly service .	service	positive
we enjoyed the prix fixe menu and opted for mimosas to be included .	prix fixe menu	positive
we enjoyed the prix fixe menu and opted for mimosas to be included .	mimosas	positive
horrible customer service !	customer service	negative
to the delivery lady - you rock !	delivery lady	positive
this place is really popular and loved for a reason .	place	positive
them : sorry , our whipped cream machine is broken .	whipped cream machine	negative
nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
lines & waiting - i did n't have to wait at all .	lines	negative
lines & waiting - i did n't have to wait at all .	waiting	negative
i would come back the check person was very nice .	check person	positive
salads are very good and a meal in themselves .	salads	positive
salads are very good and a meal in themselves .	meal	positive
nice atmosphere , good for romance or business .	atmosphere	positive
nice atmosphere , good for romance or business .	business	positive
the staff was attentive and made good suggestions .	staff	positive
anyway , the food is always satisfying for the family and the wallet !	food	positive
plus , he got his _num_ % tip !	_num_	positive
plus , he got his _num_ % tip !	tip	positive
their parking lot is garbage .	parking lot	negative
great , professional and fair service !	service	positive
this place is disappointing and everybody who works there is useless .	place	negative
they have happy hour when balls are cheaper and they sell beer .	balls	positive
they have happy hour when balls are cheaper and they sell beer .	beer	positive
service was slow and it was n't even busy .	service	negative
zizzo is top notch !	zizzo	positive
bad policy change .	policy change	negative
none of the curries taste like curry .	curries	negative
none of the curries taste like curry .	curry	negative
you wont be disappointed ; ) great food , friendly staff !	food	positive
you wont be disappointed ; ) great food , friendly staff !	staff	positive
hitch has been working great .	hitch	positive
quick service and friendly .	service	positive
ambience and food is amazing !	ambience	positive
ambience and food is amazing !	food	positive
glad i only had to stay one night because this place was awful .	place	negative
even the miso soup tasted like dirty salt water .	miso soup	negative
we especially like the fresh fish options on the daily specials .	fresh fish options	positive
wallpaper peeling off of wall .	wallpaper	negative
the doctors are very nice and the staff knows there stuff .	doctors	positive
the doctors are very nice and the staff knows there stuff .	staff	positive
waitress seemed bothered by us and checked us once our meals were finished .	waitress	negative
waitress seemed bothered by us and checked us once our meals were finished .	meals	negative
the carpet looks like it has n't been cleaned in _num_ years .	carpet	negative
in fact , i consistently get better food and service at red robin .	food	negative
in fact , i consistently get better food and service at red robin .	service	negative
if you take your kids here they will enjoy it .	kids	positive
the pizza was great and the the pick up service was polite .	pizza	positive
simply one of the best antique malls i 've visited .	antique malls	positive
i love that place !	place	positive
definitely very surprised at this place !	place	negative
cute place , nice people , great food - good cactus league watching place !	place	positive
cute place , nice people , great food - good cactus league watching place !	people	positive
cute place , nice people , great food - good cactus league watching place !	food	positive
you can cook an entire pizza more quickly than little bites of dough ?	pizza	positive
great ambience and people watching too .	ambience	positive
great family run full service auto repair and tire center .	auto repair	positive
great family run full service auto repair and tire center .	tire center	positive
also the one time i did get fried chicken from this location ... .	fried chicken	positive
the store is disorganized and confusing and as i mentioned above , too small .	store	negative
suzanne was very friendly and easy to work with .	suzanne	positive
beware this place will rip you off !	place	negative
good wine list .	wine list	positive
this was a great 1st experience at this sushi restaurant .	sushi	positive
also the cannoli are great too , so take some home .	cannoli	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
always a great place to stop and eat .	place	positive
ingredients tasted very fresh and flavorful .	ingredients	positive
the cheesecake was extraordinary and of course , so was the tiramisu !	cheesecake	positive
the cheesecake was extraordinary and of course , so was the tiramisu !	tiramisu	positive
great italian deli and market .	italian deli	positive
great italian deli and market .	market	positive
just about the best chinese buffet i 've had .	chinese buffet	positive
great prices !	prices	positive
the staff are friendly and attentive .	staff	positive
so i have gone here several times and i love this place !	place	positive
now , this was not for two pieces and a drink and a side .	drink	positive
now , this was not for two pieces and a drink and a side .	side	negative
just got some pizza take out for dinner , nothing crazy .	pizza take out	positive
thanks dave and crew !	dave	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
so disappointing , other locations are significantly better .	locations	negative
food is good a decent steak and martini .	food	positive
food is good a decent steak and martini .	steak	positive
this is great restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the lack of customer service is horrendous !	customer service	negative
delicious food !	food	positive
the pork was not crispy at all !	pork	negative
one gentleman purchased chips and a hotdog .	chips	positive
one gentleman purchased chips and a hotdog .	hotdog	positive
always moist and flavorful , and served with a smile !	served	positive
i definitely recommend people to try this place !	place	positive
quaint little place hidden in mesa az .	place	positive
quaint little place hidden in mesa az .	mesa az	positive
i have received great service every time i 've gone here .	service	positive
the staff was very attentive and friendly .	staff	positive
oh how i love this store .	store	positive
front _num_ is meh but i love the back .	back	positive
pretty much made our dining experience very unpleasant .	dining experience	negative
i went this morning to wash my own car .	car	positive
great outdoor seating .	outdoor seating	positive
this is a nice starbucks .	starbucks	positive
the service was so fast and the workers were very kind !	service	positive
the service was so fast and the workers were very kind !	workers	positive
what a amazing place with a romantic patio outside with a waterfall .	place	positive
what a amazing place with a romantic patio outside with a waterfall .	patio	positive
what a amazing place with a romantic patio outside with a waterfall .	waterfall	positive
delicious , fun breakfast spot .	breakfast spot	positive
forget asking to split checks , they refused to do it for us .	checks	negative
the service is always first class and very friendly .	service	positive
sean and the crew at unique car audio are the best !	crew	positive
sean and the crew at unique car audio are the best !	car audio	positive
the waiter was completely irritated by every question we asked .	waiter	negative
so the owner is waiting on tables .	owner	negative
so the owner is waiting on tables .	tables	negative
there is no personality to this part of the store at all .	store	negative
the spicy tuna roll was unbelievable ... and not in a good way .	tuna roll	negative
family owned restaurants are delightful and this one is no exception !	restaurants	positive
salmon done perfectly .	salmon	positive
the pizza and service was really good .	pizza	positive
the pizza and service was really good .	service	positive
the food is great and has a little bit of everything .	food	positive
i recommend this place .	place	positive
pastries are good and i know i will go back .	pastries	positive
love their chorizo and egg breakfast .	chorizo and egg breakfast	positive
the food was good but not worth the _num_ hour lack of service .	food	positive
the food was good but not worth the _num_ hour lack of service .	service	negative
everything about this place is disappointing !	place	negative
service is awful !	service	negative
officially my new favorite pizza place and go to for all things delicious .	pizza	positive
how the hell does a staple end up in an appetizer ?	appetizer	negative
this place rocks !	place	positive
this is an excellent breakfast place .	breakfast place	positive
hard working baristas and always friendly .	baristas	positive
thai pan has the most amazing thai noodles and curries !	thai noodles	positive
no grass , crappy environment .	grass	negative
no grass , crappy environment .	environment	positive
btw it is expensive and we had no drinks either .	drinks	negative
great taste .	taste	positive
the posole here is the best around .	posole	positive
the standard rice and beans sides were very forgettable .	standard rice and beans sides	negative
even their steamed veggies are amazing .	steamed veggies	positive
the menu is not entirely unique , but everything seems fresh and home made .	menu	negative
they also said it could be something else that cost _num_ .	cost _num_	negative
unfortunately , the service is deplorable .	service	negative
perhaps if there were people that actually worked , they 'd have more patrons .	patrons	negative
i guess that is an odd request at this establishment .	establishment	positive
food packed with lots of fresh vegetables and great flavors .	food	positive
food packed with lots of fresh vegetables and great flavors .	flavors	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
absolutely fantastic service .	service	positive
the more important part is you will receive a good haircut .	haircut	positive
why was my burger grey ?	burger	negative
server never once came to check on my or refill my drink .	server	negative
server never once came to check on my or refill my drink .	drink	negative
the children love it there and we could n't be happier .	children	positive
a chandler institution , the food is great , service is awesome .	food	positive
a chandler institution , the food is great , service is awesome .	service	positive
amazing service !	service	positive
bottom line : there are better places , and there are worse .	places	negative
the drivers door window would not work .	drivers door window	negative
thank you laura !	laura	positive
i highly recommend chandler eyecare .	chandler eyecare	positive
the server kept our drinks full .	server	positive
the lo mein has horrible , bland , no flavor even with extra sauce .	lo mein	negative
went with my wife and son , ordered three different dishes and shared .	dishes	positive
great atmosphere in the store because its family owned .	atmosphere	positive
priceline does n't care about our concerns and neither does the hotel .	priceline	negative
priceline does n't care about our concerns and neither does the hotel .	hotel	negative
these guys are really great !	guys	positive
very nice and genuine guy .	guy	positive
i guess new ownership does n't care about loyal customers !	customers	negative
this is not a complaint against just this particular walmart !	walmart	negative
there was n't anyone there so they set up a table for us .	table	negative
the bbq salmon is amazing !	bbq salmon	positive
love this course !	course	positive
excellent food , excellent sevice even with _num_ people in our party .	food	positive
excellent food , excellent sevice even with _num_ people in our party .	sevice	positive
mike , the manager , was very pleasant .	manager	positive
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	sun chinese dining	negative
the waiter was extremely rude .	waiter	negative
when the food arrived , it was simply lacking .	food	negative
awesome place !	place	positive
and then there was the food ... absolutely amazing !	food	positive
i strongly recommend that you make an appointment with arnold for your hair !	hair	positive
my favorite place in scottsdale .	place	positive
very interesting toppings , very italian .	toppings	positive
i also posted pictures but they too are gone .	pictures	negative
overpriced , mediocre food and drinks .	food	negative
overpriced , mediocre food and drinks .	drinks	negative
we ordered _num_ waters , a pepsi , and a margarita .	pepsi	positive
we ordered _num_ waters , a pepsi , and a margarita .	margarita	positive
service was unremarkable - drinks were refilled but she was mia quite a bit .	service	negative
service was unremarkable - drinks were refilled but she was mia quite a bit .	drinks	negative
and the staff was okay , if not a little inexperienced .	staff	positive
zero complaints with his work .	work	positive
i love the place !	place	positive
there is nothing better in az .	az	positive
the atmosphere and staff are really great here .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere and staff are really great here .	staff	positive
but the worst thing is the owner .	owner	negative
the live accordion player was a really nice touch as well .	live accordion player	positive
i would stick w appetizers and sandwiches .	appetizers	positive
i would stick w appetizers and sandwiches .	sandwiches	positive
i got the thick cut fries , thinking they 'd be good ... wrong .	thick cut fries	negative
not only are we disgusted at the nasty bug !	bug	negative
love this hotel !	hotel	positive
great energy and atmosphere !	energy	positive
great energy and atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
definitely one of the best thai places in greater phoenix !	thai places	positive
the spa facilities are probably my favorite of all the resorts here .	spa facilities	positive
oh yeah this place is so good !	place	positive
they were decently shaped ( nothing special ) but the clean up was atrocious .	clean up	negative
my family has a curious history with the mesa arts center .	mesa	positive
the food is always great , and the margaritas are tasty , and cheap .	food	positive
the food is always great , and the margaritas are tasty , and cheap .	margaritas	positive
first time i got the powder color tips and i 'm absolutely impressed .	powder color tips	positive
i also love the big humidor .	humidor	positive
my boyfriend got their french toast which looked great as well !	french toast	positive
food is awesome , staff is friendly and attentive .	food	positive
food is awesome , staff is friendly and attentive .	staff	positive
wow chimi that is deep fried .	chimi	positive
great people watching and good food in oldtown !	food	positive
the service was great and everyone was so friendly .	service	positive
the absolute worst denny 's ever .	denny 's	negative
horrible room .	room	negative
this is one of our favorite neighborhood spots .	neighborhood	positive
the best fun you 'll ever have .	fun	positive
was very pleased with the wash and service .	wash	positive
was very pleased with the wash and service .	service	positive
highly recommend if you are looking for unique native jewelry and other decor !	native jewelry	positive
highly recommend if you are looking for unique native jewelry and other decor !	decor	positive
i also had a cup of the cappuccino and really enjoyed it .	cup of the cappuccino	positive
chicken was dry and it could have used flavor .	chicken	negative
chicken was dry and it could have used flavor .	flavor	negative
i loved our waitress .	waitress	positive
oh one more thing this place hates cell phones .	cell phones	negative
we were the only ones there but the service was still fantastic .	service	positive
terrible customer service !	customer service	negative
the pre fix menu is amazing , every course worth the experience .	pre fix menu	positive
the pre fix menu is amazing , every course worth the experience .	course	positive
i would definitely recommend this restaurant - great atmosphere and even better food !	atmosphere	positive
i would definitely recommend this restaurant - great atmosphere and even better food !	food	positive
best gas stations eva !	gas stations	positive
the go-to place for very good steaks .	steaks	positive
$ _num_ to dry clean a ladies suit jacket ?	ladies suit jacket	negative
not worth it for bland food that makes you sick .	food	negative
it 's a quick go to meal .	meal	positive
the wait staff is lazy and never asks if we need anything .	wait staff	negative
i ordered the meat lovers and it was amazing !	meat lovers	positive
terrible management .	management	negative
missing the board .	board	negative
the food is awful .	food	negative
the carne adovada was wonderful .	carne adovada	positive
the fish tacos were under seasoned portions of mahi mahi .	fish tacos	negative
the fish tacos were under seasoned portions of mahi mahi .	portions	negative
great location and i absolutely love their popcorn shrimp and dipped cones .	location	positive
great location and i absolutely love their popcorn shrimp and dipped cones .	popcorn shrimp and dipped cones	positive
awesome food !	food	positive
meatballs did n't taste like they were made on site .	meatballs	negative
food is quite pricey ( no surprise here ) .	food	negative
we really loved the interior .	interior	positive
i do n't care what the food and beer is like .	food	negative
i do n't care what the food and beer is like .	beer	negative
wonderful steak , no questions asked .	steak	positive
also to note are the reasonable prices .	prices	positive
this is one of the best medical experiences i have ever had .	medical	positive
great service .	service	positive
the staff is always friendly and eager to please .	staff	positive
a zero is appropriate here but is n't a choice .	zero	positive
he has done my oil changes almost ever since i got my car .	oil changes	positive
this place is an amazing divey gem !	place	positive
you just lost _num_ good customers .	customers	negative
the staff is always friendly and professional .	staff	positive
amazing waitress .	waitress	positive
run down room decor , no hair dryer in bathroom .	room decor	negative
run down room decor , no hair dryer in bathroom .	hair dryer	negative
great happy hour menu !	happy	positive
great happy hour menu !	menu	positive
really the only good thing about this place is the location .	location	positive
stay far away from this place .	place	negative
the sales people here are terrible .	sales people	negative
i love to support these smaller chains !	chains	positive
if i could give this place zero stars i would .	place	positive
this is coming from someone that eats lunch out _num_ times a week .	lunch	positive
we really like the service and the quality of the home we looked at .	service	positive
we really like the service and the quality of the home we looked at .	quality	positive
prices are high & do not get much for the price .	prices	negative
prices are high & do not get much for the price .	price	negative
the service from victoria our server was beyond impeccable .	service	positive
the service from victoria our server was beyond impeccable .	server	positive
i love the grocery portion of store as well !	grocery portion	positive
and the staff is nice and very attentive to my needs .	staff	positive
the ambiance is very fun and casual with sports memorabilia everywhere .	ambiance	positive
the ambiance is very fun and casual with sports memorabilia everywhere .	sports memorabilia	positive
honest and fair priced .	priced	positive
i have no idea how this place has a four star rating .	place	negative
i gave my $ _num_ coupon to the birthday group and we left .	$	positive
karaoke on tuesday and thursday and saturday night rocks !	karaoke	positive
food is an amazing balance of funky and phenomenal .	food	positive
it 's not sanitary !	sanitary	negative
sat with my wife and friends , everything we ordered was fantastic .	sat	positive
patio seating or inside with nice big windows all around .	patio seating	positive
patio seating or inside with nice big windows all around .	windows	positive
the gravy is thick and packed with sausage .	gravy	positive
the gravy is thick and packed with sausage .	sausage	positive
the service is great !	service	positive
got a sandwich for lunch and it was very tasty .	sandwich for lunch	positive
this place is also just so much fun to walk around in .	place	positive
great service , tasty food , and world class jazz happening in the lounge .	service	positive
great service , tasty food , and world class jazz happening in the lounge .	food	positive
great service , tasty food , and world class jazz happening in the lounge .	jazz	positive
the rice was mushy , however the beans were okay .	rice	negative
the rice was mushy , however the beans were okay .	beans	positive
this place is one of my favorites .	place	positive
the chips and salsa were just okay .	chips	positive
the chips and salsa were just okay .	salsa	positive
and , served on a paper plate , with a plastic knife and fork .	served	negative
and , served on a paper plate , with a plastic knife and fork .	plate	negative
and , served on a paper plate , with a plastic knife and fork .	fork	negative
these folks are amazing !	folks	positive
it 's not the biggest , but it definitely has a great selection !	selection	positive
the surroundings were amazing along with fantastic service and stellar food .	surroundings	positive
the surroundings were amazing along with fantastic service and stellar food .	service	positive
the surroundings were amazing along with fantastic service and stellar food .	food	positive
first of all the service is unmatched .	service	positive
got hit with another $ _num_ bill .	$	negative
the gym here is great !	gym	positive
the staff is always helpful , compassionate , and friendly .	staff	positive
amazing office with amazing staff .	office	positive
amazing office with amazing staff .	staff	positive
the girls are all super hot and definitely worth going and taking a look .	girls	positive
the chilled pesto shrimp are excellent .	chilled pesto shrimp	positive
in addition the free wifi was not working .	free wifi	negative
i had planned a _num_ night stay here but checked out after one .	stay	negative
also for keeping me entertained while i walked around the shop .	shop	positive
pep boys tries to rip you off .	pep boys	negative
my wife had the crab cakes and loved them .	crab cakes	positive
as with most fast food joints , this mcdonalds is hit or miss .	fast food	negative
as with most fast food joints , this mcdonalds is hit or miss .	mcdonalds	positive
great wax and pedicure - personalized service .	wax	positive
great wax and pedicure - personalized service .	pedicure	positive
great wax and pedicure - personalized service .	service	positive
my favorite mexican food restaurant .	mexican food	positive
razz is a true chef .	chef	positive
very clean and well stocked with a ton of things to browse .	browse	positive
one of the friendliest guys you 'll ever meet , to boot !	guys	positive
the atmosphere is relaxing and enjoyable .	atmosphere	positive
calzone , great .	calzone	positive
there was an overpowering ginger flavor that ruined the bisque .	ginger flavor	negative
there was an overpowering ginger flavor that ruined the bisque .	bisque	negative
_num_ folks were sitting at the small bar .	bar	negative
awesome service .	service	positive
the service and food is good .	service	positive
the service and food is good .	food	positive
i was very disappointed at the cleanliness of this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
thanks garry , from mrs late , cell phone user !	cell	positive
my compressor was fine , it was a fan motor !	compressor	positive
lazy staff !	staff	negative
also , walk around the property .	property	positive
totally ignored by both the manager and the employees .	manager	negative
totally ignored by both the manager and the employees .	employees	negative
i live near this place and its the best place to take visitors !	place	positive
the draft beer was flat and we returned that .	draft beer	negative
i had only previously been here for dinner ( which was also great ! )	dinner	positive
the have great frozen coffee .	frozen coffee	positive
the chicken and sauce were good but seriously ?	chicken	positive
the chicken and sauce were good but seriously ?	sauce	positive
best place for breakfast !	breakfast	positive
the service was awesome & the price is right .	service	positive
the service was awesome & the price is right .	price	positive
i bought a car and the service and experience was great !	service	positive
very well seasoned and cooked .	seasoned	positive
very well seasoned and cooked .	cooked	positive
it was good , extremely reminiscent of the frozen garlic bread .	frozen garlic bread	positive
they are truly good at their job !	job	positive
we always get wonderful service and have a good time .	service	positive
cheap fun place with a great happy hour , and pbr special .	place	positive
first class auto lives up to its name .	auto	positive
damn good pizza !	pizza	positive
an estimate of _num_ day repair took over _num_ days .	repair	negative
love the instructors !	instructors	positive
i would highly recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the people that work here are super friendly !	people	positive
the staff are horrible .	staff	negative
they also have great appetizers and their pasta really yummy too !	appetizers	positive
they also have great appetizers and their pasta really yummy too !	pasta	positive
my beer and my other friend 's ice tea arrived quickly .	beer	positive
my beer and my other friend 's ice tea arrived quickly .	ice tea	positive
when we were finally served an hour later my meal was not not appetizing .	served	negative
when we were finally served an hour later my meal was not not appetizing .	meal	negative
when we were finally served an hour later my meal was not not appetizing .	appetizing	negative
it was delicious , we will definitely return to the breakfast club !	breakfast club	positive
they will tow your car .	car	negative
the ordering via phone was unique and the service was quick and friendly .	ordering via	positive
the ordering via phone was unique and the service was quick and friendly .	service	positive
my entire family loves this place !	place	positive
she checked my cat and then gave her the shot .	cat	negative
she checked my cat and then gave her the shot .	shot	positive
best breakfast burritos in town .	breakfast burritos	positive
i will keep going back with every car i own .	car	positive
food is always consistent .	food	positive
there are too many negatives to even consider giving this place a second chance .	place	negative
the coffee is also very good unlike the car dealership 's coffee !	coffee	positive
the coffee is also very good unlike the car dealership 's coffee !	coffee	positive
towing is beyond reliable and fast .	towing	positive
the service is a bit sad .	service	negative
this is a great little local place .	place	positive
the party pics are usually why people check it out .	party pics	positive
they give you large helpings of food .	food	positive
( there goes their tip ) .	tip	positive
the bartender was extremely rude and the security guy was even worse !	bartender	negative
the bartender was extremely rude and the security guy was even worse !	security guy	negative
the juke box is amazing .	juke box	positive
we love lots of creative , new cuisine , but not always .	cuisine	positive
i was so mad that i paid for horrendous food .	food	negative
excellent food .	food	positive
second time i 've been to the keg and enjoyed both times .	keg	positive
fun , laid back atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the doctor listened and understood my needs and provided me with excellent care .	doctor	positive
lunches were average to above average , and dinner was above average .	lunches	positive
lunches were average to above average , and dinner was above average .	dinner	positive
our waitress was also very friendly and helpful .	waitress	positive
their customer service is simply outstanding !	customer service	positive
family owned authentic italian food .	italian food	positive
do not rent here .	rent	negative
i highly recommend orange table !	orange table	positive
but this place is so good i have to .	place	positive
no service .	service	negative
there were at least three servers and only ten tables .	servers	negative
there were at least three servers and only ten tables .	tables	negative
venue is sooo beautiful !	venue	positive
customer service is awful .	customer service	negative
the display of art throughout the entire restaurant is very fun .	display of art	positive
when i complained to the manager , he made excuses and was disrespectful .	manager	negative
finally a lady grabbed a couple menus and just walked away without saying anything .	menus	negative
my favorite bar in the whole wide world !	bar	positive
this stuff is amazing .	stuff	positive
by far , the worst music venue in the valley .	music venue	negative
their beans were pretty dry and nothing to get excited about .	beans	negative
i love razor cuts and she is great with the razor .	razor cuts	positive
probably the best persian food in arizona .	persian food	positive
i had a good experience working with katie .	katie	positive
one comment in my group was `` this is chandler , not scottsdale !	chandler	negative
one comment in my group was `` this is chandler , not scottsdale !	scottsdale	negative
after reading the menu for _num_ minutes our waiter returned to take our order .	menu	positive
after reading the menu for _num_ minutes our waiter returned to take our order .	waiter	positive
the eggs benedict are excellent .	eggs benedict	positive
needless to say , this place is definitely not recommended .	place	negative
this place is a blast from the past !	place	positive
the bakery and all of their tea 's are delicious !	bakery	positive
the bakery and all of their tea 's are delicious !	tea	positive
i 've also had the tacos al pastor and they are very good .	tacos al pastor	positive
the food was outstanding and reasonably priced for the quality .	food	positive
the food was outstanding and reasonably priced for the quality .	priced	positive
the food was outstanding and reasonably priced for the quality .	quality	positive
my first experience with kazimierz was pretty good .	kazimierz	positive
courses are awesome and always have great rates .	courses	positive
courses are awesome and always have great rates .	rates	positive
happy hour provides some god deals on beer and wine so that helps .	beer	positive
happy hour provides some god deals on beer and wine so that helps .	wine	positive
love this animal clinic !	animal clinic	positive
homemade tortillas that are very good .	homemade tortillas	positive
rates were always less than $ _num_ in peak season and that included tax .	rates	negative
rates were always less than $ _num_ in peak season and that included tax .	tax	negative
enjoyed my birthday pizza !	pizza	positive
worst mcdonald 's ever !	mcdonald 's	negative
we just had brunch there and bartender made the best blood mary .	brunch	positive
we just had brunch there and bartender made the best blood mary .	bartender	positive
we just had brunch there and bartender made the best blood mary .	blood mary	positive
i get to pick which test to do , no consultation !	test	positive
she is very friendly and sweet with our dog bear .	dog bear	positive
they took my card and did n't give it back .	card	negative
the ambience was ok ; the food bad .	ambience	negative
the ambience was ok ; the food bad .	food	negative
we arrived and the hostess was rude and had no idea we were coming .	hostess	negative
nice to enjoy great food and service in a family owned operation .	food	positive
nice to enjoy great food and service in a family owned operation .	service	positive
we ordered a chicago style deep dish pizza from here tonight .	deep dish pizza	positive
and service is usually very good !	service	positive
would def go back ; great spot !	spot	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
the only thing i liked , honestly , was the bread and the wine .	bread	positive
the only thing i liked , honestly , was the bread and the wine .	wine	positive
i truly enjoyed the atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
consistently bad service for mediocre food and drinks .	service	negative
consistently bad service for mediocre food and drinks .	food	negative
consistently bad service for mediocre food and drinks .	drinks	negative
throughout the whole process scarlett and her assistant were very nice and professional .	assistant	positive
do yourself a favor and spend your money somewhere else .	money	negative
i was a 1st time customer , as this location is in my neighborhood .	location	positive
the atmosphere and service were fine but the food was disappointing .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere and service were fine but the food was disappointing .	service	positive
the atmosphere and service were fine but the food was disappointing .	food	negative
omg the food was phenomenal !	food	positive
the food in this restaurant is authentic and of high quality .	food	positive
delivery saved the hung over day !	delivery	positive
the donuts were pretty good .	donuts	positive
portions are very generous .	portions	positive
great place to live .	place	positive
also got the caprese salad - high quality delicious mozzarella 5/5 .	caprese salad	positive
also got the caprese salad - high quality delicious mozzarella 5/5 .	delicious mozzarella	positive
i had the lobster ravioli and it was perfect !	lobster ravioli	positive
we get to the pool ... empty .	pool	negative
keep up the great work !	work	positive
unfortunately , the service sucked .	service	negative
the food and service here are always stellar !	food	positive
the food and service here are always stellar !	service	positive
i ordered a special , lobster risotto and it was superb .	lobster risotto	positive
at about _num_ minutes before the office opened .	office	negative
the food is among the best i 've ever tasted .	food	positive
even the california roll i ordered was really bad .	california roll	negative
staff was great .	staff	positive
a nice place to take a date .	place	positive
great little spot !	spot	positive
the blt is the best on the menu .	blt	positive
the blt is the best on the menu .	menu	positive
nice outdoor patio with misters for the heat !	outdoor patio	positive
the service technician was on time and was very professional .	service technician	positive
food is delicious and great margaritas !	food	positive
food is delicious and great margaritas !	margaritas	positive
i would not even send my worse enemy to this dump !	dump	negative
another great breakfast place in scottsdale .	breakfast place	positive
the guacamole that came with it was fresh and very tasty .	guacamole	positive
always saw this places packed and finally know why !	places	negative
also their eyebrow ladies , laura and olga are amazing !	eyebrow ladies	positive
a tortilla factory and you only make flour tortillas in one size ?	tortilla factory	negative
a tortilla factory and you only make flour tortillas in one size ?	flour tortillas	negative
liked the decor and atmosphere .	decor	positive
liked the decor and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i do n't feel the quality is in this place .	quality	negative
then i went to buy sushi and the cashier was rude .	sushi	negative
then i went to buy sushi and the cashier was rude .	cashier	negative
my wife also had the salad bar and she said that was bad too .	salad bar	negative
the staff seems to be just as much as a pest !	staff	negative
just love the place .	place	positive
chicken is excellent .	chicken	positive
i get the chicken and rice bowl and it 's great .	chicken and rice bowl	positive
perfect hang over food , huge variety , super authentic .	food	positive
they are super friendly and food is always right on !	food	positive
the sauce was runny & too many onions .	sauce	negative
the sauce was runny & too many onions .	onions	negative
reasonably priced and delicious !	priced	positive
it 's no wonder the place is usually abandoned .	place	negative
tons of meat and the sauce is the best .	meat	positive
tons of meat and the sauce is the best .	sauce	positive
also the host , aaron , is great .	host	positive
these people know nothing about customer service .	customer service	negative
the happy hour here is pretty sweet .	happy hour	positive
my father has taken his car here for years and recommended it to me .	car	positive
been twice and everyone has really liked their meals .	meals	positive
for phoenix the food is pretty good .	food	positive
this place is such a rip off .	place	positive
not the prettiest place in the world , but food is excellent !	place	negative
not the prettiest place in the world , but food is excellent !	food	positive
if it does , they do not make exceptions even for lifetime platinum members .	platinum members	negative
i loved the cute older women who work in the stands .	women	positive
i loved the cute older women who work in the stands .	stands	positive
we love new asian kitchen !	asian kitchen	positive
so if you 're looking for a good burger , this is the place !	burger	positive
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .	employees	negative
this great clips location is conveniently located .	clips location	positive
i had steak and eggs , both were over cooked and dry .	steak	negative
i had a business dinner here this week , and was very happy .	business dinner	positive
however , the staff has gone downhill .	staff	negative
the prices are great for what you 're getting .	prices	positive
all in all a great place for some comfort food .	comfort food	positive
the steak has a great smoky taste to it.	steak	positive
they started doing my pedicure and stopped to take someone else .	pedicure	negative
katie went above and beyond for us !	katie	positive
had ribs and ham with amazing sides !	ribs	positive
had ribs and ham with amazing sides !	ham	positive
had ribs and ham with amazing sides !	sides	positive
walking into this place i did not have high expectations at first glance .	place	positive
this is one of the best day spas in scottsdale !	day spas	positive
alan was great !	alan	positive
however , the service is not good .	service	negative
never will spend another dime at this place again !	place	positive
bill is fast , friendly and honest .	bill	positive
we placed our entree order and our food was just ... bad .	entree	negative
we placed our entree order and our food was just ... bad .	food	negative
for my money this is the best bean burrito in the world .	bean burrito	positive
rules aside this place is amazing .	rules	positive
rules aside this place is amazing .	place	positive
great flavors .	flavors	positive
the beer was good .	beer	positive
it is similar to the crust used at peter piper pizza from childhood .	crust	positive
i make better alfredo sauce from scratch at home !	alfredo sauce	positive
the feedback from my team was exceptionally positive .	feedback	positive
remember , this is new mexican food , and not traditional mexican food .	mexican food	positive
remember , this is new mexican food , and not traditional mexican food .	mexican food	positive
great quality , great service .	quality	positive
great quality , great service .	service	positive
not once did he ask me how i felt , symptoms , etc .	symptoms	negative
great customer service .	customer service	positive
found the dress she wanted and had a fun time doing it !	dress	positive
our pictures are gorgeous .	pictures	positive
the parking situation is what gets me the worst .	parking situation	negative
i love love love my sister 's closet !	closet	positive
if you need a great hat , definitely check this place out .	hat	positive
if you need a great hat , definitely check this place out .	place	positive
it 's not much for `` new york '' style pizza .	pizza	negative
however , today i ordered from here and the food deserved zero stars .	food	negative
what 's wrong with this picture ?	picture	negative
do n't give them your business , apparently they do n't need it .	business	negative
adding cheese to burritos is a must !	cheese to burritos	positive
the staff is very helpful .	staff	positive
great service .	service	positive
i live about _num_ minutes from this great place !	place	positive
perfect home cooked food !	home cooked food	positive
patrons are very loud .	patrons	negative
well , the groupon was for $ _num_ .	groupon	positive
this place rocks !	place	positive
the staff was very friendly and the restaurant was very clean .	staff	positive
at the time i did n't have time to wait for a remake .	remake	negative
this place is an unsafe dump .	dump	negative
the steak is cooked to perfection .	steak	positive
the sauces have a very good taste !	sauces	positive
be really careful using cruise america .	cruise america	positive
hands down the worst service i 've ever had today !	service	negative
i 'm still loving defalco 's , maybe now more than before .	defalco	positive
the steak & eggs is freaking delicious !	steak & eggs	positive
we went last tuesday night and it was packed but well worth the wait .	wait	positive
great food , great service !	food	positive
great food , great service !	service	positive
_num_ dollars for a mens hair cut that 's subpar ?	hair cut	negative
the staff here are very friendly and the atmosphere is clean and welcoming .	staff	positive
the staff here are very friendly and the atmosphere is clean and welcoming .	atmosphere	positive
fred tuned my piano today .	piano	positive
the service is very good .	service	positive
it was so bad , it did n't even look like a sandwich .	sandwich	negative
the employee , however , started suggesting i rent or buy the student model .	employee	negative
the employee , however , started suggesting i rent or buy the student model .	student model	negative
i 'm still waiting for the outback manager to get back to me .	outback manager	negative
service and food not worth the wait .	service	negative
service and food not worth the wait .	food	negative
service and food not worth the wait .	wait	negative
the service was slow and the food did n't have any flavor .	service	negative
the service was slow and the food did n't have any flavor .	food	negative
i order the cheese enchiladas everytime , so good .	cheese enchiladas	positive
perhaps the best setting in the entire phoenix area .	setting	positive
the venue is beautiful !	venue	positive
o goodness was this place amazing .	place	positive
check it out and try the hatch chile pizza - awesome !	hatch chile pizza	positive
had an appointment at 8am on a saturday .	appointment	negative
maybe it was just the waitress we had but service this time was horrible .	waitress	negative
maybe it was just the waitress we had but service this time was horrible .	service	negative
horrible management .	management	negative
thanks dolly steamboat !	dolly	positive
food was excellent with a variety of options to choose from .	food	positive
and the hotel is so outdated and old .	hotel	negative
the waitress was really nice and attentive .	waitress	positive
the manager comp 'd our drinks and said we were are free to go .	manager	positive
the manager comp 'd our drinks and said we were are free to go .	drinks	positive
have n't been here in a while and service not good tonight .	service	negative
the food is best described as boring .	food	negative
bread was delicious as were our sides .	bread	positive
bread was delicious as were our sides .	sides	positive
did i mention the service was horrible .	service	negative
i was craving the classic : plain bagel toasted with plain cream cheese .	plain bagel toasted with plain cream cheese	positive
amanda is great .	amanda	positive
great place !	place	positive
filet was perfect .	filet	positive
you have to pay money to just sit in the chair , thats ridiculous !	chair	negative
this is a great place to hang out !	place	positive
super amazing cheese steak .	cheese steak	positive
i loved this place .	place	positive
trust me and check this place out .	place	positive
really an amazing place you all need to see .	place	positive
for $ _num_ you do n't even get the dryer !	dryer	negative
i love the bread basket !	bread basket	positive
awful ambiance and bad location .	ambiance	negative
awful ambiance and bad location .	location	negative
two new york manhattan cut steaks and a prime rib .	cut steaks	positive
two new york manhattan cut steaks and a prime rib .	prime rib	positive
the lamb was perfect , veal superb .	lamb	positive
sports bar quality is was it is but this location is the worst !	sports bar quality	negative
sports bar quality is was it is but this location is the worst !	location	negative
awesome place .	place	positive
needless to say i 'm very disappointed in the professional standards of this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
i also love the candies they give out at the door .	candies	positive
food is wonderful and not high priced considering you are at a festival .	food	positive
this place is definitely a hidden jewel in the east valley .	place	positive
i asked for coffee with sugar ... it 's not that difficult .	coffee with sugar	positive
the drink prices are very reasonable too .	drink prices	positive
carlsbad tavern has an excellent alternative american cuisine menu .	american cuisine menu	positive
the rest of their food is great too !	food	positive
would not recommend with or without a groupon , overpriced and not good food !	groupon	negative
would not recommend with or without a groupon , overpriced and not good food !	food	negative
right in old town gallery area .	gallery area	positive
another great location !	location	positive
great place for tacos in mesa .	tacos	positive
they gave me happy hour prices for drinks but not for my food .	prices	positive
they gave me happy hour prices for drinks but not for my food .	drinks	positive
they gave me happy hour prices for drinks but not for my food .	food	negative
lamb chops to steak , it 's all good .	lamb chops to steak	positive
service has always been good as well .	service	positive
besides that i love this place .	place	positive
it tasted like what you would think was boiled rubber !	boiled rubber	negative
i totally love cowboy ciao .	cowboy ciao	positive
greg is the best !	greg	positive
great service !	service	positive
they often have some great vegetarian options as well.	vegetarian options	positive
this is a great little bar in scottsdale .	bar	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
the employee looked like they were going to cry .	employee	negative
nothing about it was worth the time or the money .	money	negative
this place is wonderful !	place	positive
and for dessert , their cheesecake is the best i have ever eaten .	cheesecake	positive
the hash was amazing as well as the omelet .	hash	positive
the hash was amazing as well as the omelet .	omelet	positive
the service was slow .	service	negative
staff is very friendly and down to earth .	staff	positive
it has really good burritos and nachos !	burritos	positive
it has really good burritos and nachos !	nachos	positive
really great service !	service	positive
they also make homemade fries and onion rings which was a plus .	homemade fries	positive
the ambiance is comfortable , casual , and the service is really good .	ambiance	positive
the ambiance is comfortable , casual , and the service is really good .	service	positive
this place has a lot of great things going on .	place	positive
never a bad experience , i 'd recommend this location .	location	positive
great service .	service	positive
pizza was the worst !	pizza	negative
the food was just as good as mesa but the service is horrible .	food	positive
the food was just as good as mesa but the service is horrible .	service	negative
wonderful priced tickets and concession prices are even lower than amc and harkins .	priced tickets	positive
wonderful priced tickets and concession prices are even lower than amc and harkins .	concession prices	positive
fun stuff !	stuff	positive
besides why should they care , they already got my money !	money	negative
food was mediocre but service was awful .	food	negative
food was mediocre but service was awful .	service	negative
it 's amazing how delicious a simple bean and cheese burrito can be .	bean	positive
it 's amazing how delicious a simple bean and cheese burrito can be .	cheese burrito	positive
great pizza and salads !	pizza	positive
i got to meet the owner and dance with a great group of people .	owner	positive
i gave this place another shot and ordered crispy pork with chinese broccoli .	crispy pork with chinese broccoli	positive
their cocktails are delicious and ambiance is lively .	cocktails	positive
their cocktails are delicious and ambiance is lively .	ambiance	positive
i would n't be surprised if this spot is called something else next year .	spot	negative
i 'm glad this place is in my new home town .	place	positive
great lunch spot and great deli .	lunch spot	positive
great lunch spot and great deli .	deli	positive
they make the dining in fun and welcoming .	dining	positive
thank you for the great service .	service	positive
so they serve food after 2am ?	food	negative
the menu was a list of specials hanging all over the walls .	menu	negative
the menu was a list of specials hanging all over the walls .	specials	negative
awesome flavored food .	flavored food	positive
_num_ months later i ordered a pair of prescription sunglasses .	prescription sunglasses	negative
i highly recommend defalco 's .	defalco 's	positive
we had the soft shell crab roll and loved it .	soft shell crab roll	positive
employees friendly and on top of it .	employees	positive
this is the best used tire place in the east valley .	tire place	positive
location is well situated for getting into scottsdale .	location	positive
that concept has apparently not reached scottsdale road .	scottsdale	negative
i inform mike of a noise i 'm hearing coming from the drivers side .	drivers	negative
the grounds outside are beautiful .	grounds	positive
always an awkward and rude interaction at this place .	place	negative
she then left the desk and me standing there .	desk	negative
this place has been around for a long time and i can see why .	place	positive
the workers are courteous and truly care about their customers .	workers	positive
the workers are courteous and truly care about their customers .	customers	positive
i call bs , and poor business practices .	business practices	negative
this place is a local gem .	place	positive
eating at restaurant is equally good , staff always nice and good vibe .	staff	positive
eating at restaurant is equally good , staff always nice and good vibe .	vibe	positive
the front office did n't care .	front office	negative
top-notch service , thanks guys !	service	positive
very friendly atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
do n't expect much from this place .	place	negative
great service , amazing atmosphere , and incredible food !	service	positive
great service , amazing atmosphere , and incredible food !	atmosphere	positive
great service , amazing atmosphere , and incredible food !	food	positive
customer service is not great either .	customer service	negative
you do n't have warranty with me .	warranty	negative
the best breakfast !	breakfast	positive
always a line here but the food is worth the wait !	food	positive
always a line here but the food is worth the wait !	wait	positive
the customer service here is awful !	customer service	negative
visiting from dallas for a meeting and this place was fun .	place	positive
gave up waiting for the server to bring our check .	server	negative
gave up waiting for the server to bring our check .	check	negative
good happy hour and they have price points for everyone .	price points	positive
worth it for special occasions .	occasions	positive
great place great people .	place	positive
great place great people .	people	positive
i had a very pleasant experience with mark kia .	mark	positive
the owner makes you feel at home .	owner	positive
the worst thing was we found blood stains on the sheet .	sheet	negative
they just want money .	money	negative
as you can see the reviews are great so i decided to try it .	reviews	positive
my boyfriend ordered a sweet potato ravioli dish and also raved about the taste .	sweet potato ravioli dish	positive
my boyfriend ordered a sweet potato ravioli dish and also raved about the taste .	taste	positive
not a fan of this place .	place	negative
good food and reasonable prices .	food	positive
good food and reasonable prices .	prices	positive
this place needs more than one or _num_ check out counters .	place	positive
best price for routine oil change .	price	positive
best price for routine oil change .	oil change	negative
hope to see you in sephora as a permanent beauty make up artist .	sephora	positive
the overall atmosphere was great !	atmosphere	positive
best breakfast burritos in scottsdale !	breakfast burritos	positive
the turkey bacon sandwich with lots of their spicy sauce is delicious !	turkey bacon sandwich	positive
the turkey bacon sandwich with lots of their spicy sauce is delicious !	spicy sauce	positive
we loved the atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
in fear , i quickly tried the shrimp .	shrimp	negative
awesome place !	place	positive
guess how much effing showed up on my charge card ?	charge card	negative
the chopped salad was nice for about _num_ bites , then it got boring .	chopped salad	positive
the service is excellent and the kids menu is large .	service	positive
the service is excellent and the kids menu is large .	kids menu	positive
the food was fantastic !	food	positive
i think i have found my take out chinese spot !	take	positive
i think i have found my take out chinese spot !	chinese spot	positive
this is a small business restaurant run very well .	restaurant	positive
the entree 's do not include a salad .	entree	negative
the entree 's do not include a salad .	salad	negative
they basically have happy hour all the time .	hour	positive
everything else i 've tried was just `` okay '' including the salsa 's .	salsa 's	positive
thank you john and thomas for doing what you do .	thomas	positive
so here 's the deal .	deal	positive
great place .	place	positive
best neighborhood spot hands down .	neighborhood spot	positive
comfortable beds , delicious breakfast , and the friendliest service .	beds	positive
comfortable beds , delicious breakfast , and the friendliest service .	breakfast	positive
comfortable beds , delicious breakfast , and the friendliest service .	service	positive
authentic old school saloon .	saloon	positive
great spot after a spring training game !	spot	positive
awesome place !	place	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
their food is great !	food	positive
lone tree is a great challenge and offers fair play for all levels .	lone tree	positive
all-in-all , a great breakfast spot !	breakfast spot	positive
love this place.	place.	positive
it is a diner , and that is the type of food it is .	diner	positive
it is a diner , and that is the type of food it is .	food	positive
robert and his staff were professional and made our wedding that much more memorable .	staff	positive
run , run as fast as you can away from this place .	place	negative
rude and an incompetent personnel .	personnel	negative
food was good !	food	positive
i love love love this great little bar .	bar	positive
as they say , bad pizza is still good pizza .	pizza	positive
as they say , bad pizza is still good pizza .	pizza	positive
great drink prices , 1/2 price appetizers during happy hours weekdays .	drink prices	positive
great drink prices , 1/2 price appetizers during happy hours weekdays .	price appetizers	positive
emily , the supervisor checked us out .	supervisor	positive
well worth the money .	money	positive
the dealership is staffed by friendly , cheerful professionals ; and accommodations are comfortable .	dealership	positive
the dealership is staffed by friendly , cheerful professionals ; and accommodations are comfortable .	accommodations	positive
the rolls are always so fresh and so tasty .	rolls	positive
this is a solid mexican food restaurant in old town scottsdale .	mexican food	positive
you must visit the gift shop for a piece of fudge or smoothie !	gift	positive
you must visit the gift shop for a piece of fudge or smoothie !	piece of fudge	positive
you must visit the gift shop for a piece of fudge or smoothie !	smoothie	positive
the atmosphere was like anything i would expect from a corporate concept restaurant .	atmosphere	positive
i highly recommend his services .	services	positive
i am sitting here writing this review goin on _num_ min .	review	positive
soup arrived and entree immediately followed .	soup	positive
soup arrived and entree immediately followed .	entree	positive
the place smelled like cigarette smoke and spice .	place	positive
the place smelled like cigarette smoke and spice .	cigarette smoke	positive
the food was really good and the service was exceptional .	food	positive
the food was really good and the service was exceptional .	service	positive
the staff is flakey and very difficult to get a hold of .	staff	negative
i recommend this place for anyone looking for a good time and great prices .	prices	positive
the fifth star comes from their great selection of beers .	selection of beers	positive
even our little _num_ year old daughter enjoyed some of the food .	food	positive
it 's a great little optometrist office .	optometrist office	positive
awesome i would recommend this veterinary care to anyone !	veterinary care	positive
i was extremely disappointed in this salon .	salon	negative
on time - great service !	service	positive
they 're crooked and there are multiple stands that are too long .	stands	negative
the drinks are always great and the staff is always friendly .	drinks	positive
the drinks are always great and the staff is always friendly .	staff	positive
my husband & i love this place .	place	positive
very thorough , never a wait , and you can tell they love dogs !	wait	positive
very thorough , never a wait , and you can tell they love dogs !	dogs	positive
both were bland and you could easily make better mexican food at home !	mexican food	negative
good food at a great price .	food	positive
good food at a great price .	price	positive
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	place	negative
the service was horrible , the food was mediocre .	service	negative
the service was horrible , the food was mediocre .	food	negative
everyone at this office are wonderful !	office	positive
skip this place and go elsewhere !	place	negative
$ _num_ beer , a party atmosphere and free food during happy hour .	beer	positive
$ _num_ beer , a party atmosphere and free food during happy hour .	food	positive
pets are expensive , i understand but no reason to waste time or money .	pets	negative
a very happening place .	place	positive
apparently these businesses are too busy to respond to emails requesting an estimate .	estimate	negative
she knows her stuff and is very attentive and has great attention to detail .	stuff	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
prices and service are equally amazing !	prices	positive
prices and service are equally amazing !	service	positive
not nice customer service at all !	customer service	negative
great food , margaritas and live music , on thursday night !	food	positive
great food , margaritas and live music , on thursday night !	margaritas	positive
great food , margaritas and live music , on thursday night !	live music	positive
i love the rice and their salmon .	rice	positive
i love the rice and their salmon .	salmon	positive
came out to $ _num_ with tax .	tax	positive
it 's usually pretty quick & easy to get your order .	order	positive
so i have used this place twice to title a vehicle .	vehicle	negative
the cowboy meatloaf was excellent .	cowboy meatloaf	positive
we had four spoons , one order , just the right amount !	spoons	positive
we had four spoons , one order , just the right amount !	amount	positive
the theaters themselves are a good size .	theaters	positive
beautiful men 's store that has the best brands with an on-site tailor .	men	positive
beautiful men 's store that has the best brands with an on-site tailor .	brands	positive
beautiful men 's store that has the best brands with an on-site tailor .	tailor	positive
toppings were not very flavorful .	toppings	negative
lunch prices are great and u get a lot of food .	lunch prices	positive
lunch prices are great and u get a lot of food .	food	positive
the staff was very friendly .	staff	positive
love this place !	place	positive
avoid this place .	place	negative
star _num_ : would you eat here every day if you could ?	star _num_	positive
one of the worst customer service and bad attitudes i 've ever experienced .	customer service	negative
totally worth the money , and i 'll be going back asap .	money	positive
the service is very fast as well .	service	positive
nordstrom this has been a trend for you .	nordstrom	positive
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	lunch	positive
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	slices	positive
i love this great clips .	clips	positive
i crave it all there great homemade bread is amazing i cant get enough .	homemade bread	positive
his prices are very reasonable as well .	prices	positive
they always have great seafood specials that are always fresh .	seafood specials	positive
nice , honest service .	service	positive
the not so great : the staff is not `` ritz '' ready .	staff	negative
the tempura was awful .	tempura	negative
the worse service we ever had .	service	negative
i think bandera is worth a visit .	bandera	positive
great food !	food	positive
the vets here are amazingly friendly and took care of my dog really well .	vets	positive
bad fried rice .	fried rice	negative
i love dairy queen , and this is my fave location .	dairy queen	positive
i love dairy queen , and this is my fave location .	location	positive
food is outstanding and portion sizes are large .	food	positive
food is outstanding and portion sizes are large .	portion sizes	positive
the one and only time flemings has messed up a steak they comp 'd .	steak	negative
do not order sushi here !	sushi	negative
the food here is pretty good !	food	positive
a shout out to our server daniel for great service !	server	positive
a shout out to our server daniel for great service !	service	positive
it 's refreshing , however , to see more whimsical work on display .	display	positive
how refreshing in medicine .	medicine	positive
only good thing was sesame chicken .	sesame chicken	positive
the food is fantastic and the service is excellent .	food	positive
the food is fantastic and the service is excellent .	service	positive
have i said i loved this place ?	place	positive
this place is in my top _num_ .	place	positive
i do n't have this issue with other subway locations .	locations	negative
bottom line , they are okay but not great and not worth the price .	price	negative
orange blossom ale - best weird beer i 've ever had .	orange blossom ale	positive
orange blossom ale - best weird beer i 've ever had .	beer	positive
food was amazing .	food	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
love this place .	place	positive
a lot middle eastern food ingredients ... spices , candies .	food ingredients	positive
a lot middle eastern food ingredients ... spices , candies .	spices	positive
a lot middle eastern food ingredients ... spices , candies .	candies	positive
great service .	service	positive
outstanding food !	food	positive
it tasted fresh and the half size is the perfect portion for lunch .	half size	positive
it tasted fresh and the half size is the perfect portion for lunch .	portion	positive
it tasted fresh and the half size is the perfect portion for lunch .	lunch	positive
crust was crappy , sauce was crappy , and toppings were ok but sparse .	crust	negative
crust was crappy , sauce was crappy , and toppings were ok but sparse .	sauce	negative
crust was crappy , sauce was crappy , and toppings were ok but sparse .	toppings	negative
homemade condiments with a nice kick .	homemade condiments	positive
staff is friendly ; and they always have great deals .	staff	positive
staff is friendly ; and they always have great deals .	deals	positive
i have went to this location and the customer service is terrible .	location	negative
i have went to this location and the customer service is terrible .	customer service	negative
really great place for brunch !	brunch	positive
i have enjoyed tottie 's excellent asian fusion for many years .	asian fusion	positive
enjoy the quiet dinner .	dinner	positive
only one teller with at least _num_ people in line and building mid morning .	teller	negative
love this place .	place	positive
it 's a simple place , just a deli with a few basic tables .	place	positive
it 's a simple place , just a deli with a few basic tables .	deli	positive
it 's a simple place , just a deli with a few basic tables .	tables	positive
the lunch specials are such a great price !	lunch specials	positive
the lunch specials are such a great price !	price	positive
favorite restaurant .	restaurant	positive
haha blue adobe is amazing !	blue adobe	positive
they also follow tradition and bring you several side dishes .	side dishes	positive
where is my usual laundromat , you may ask ?	laundromat	positive
been going to the sugar bowl for _num_ years .	sugar bowl	positive
lots of eye candy !	eye candy	positive
5th food was great .	food	positive
a holiday inn would have probably been nicer .	holiday inn	positive
right now we 've got apps , soup and entrees - too fast !	apps	negative
right now we 've got apps , soup and entrees - too fast !	soup	negative
right now we 've got apps , soup and entrees - too fast !	entrees	negative
one of my favorite breakfast places .	breakfast places	positive
everyone was just rude and the pizza was absolutely terrible .	pizza	negative
i highly recommend this location .	location	positive
i give both shops five stars for customer service and quality products .	customer service	positive
i give both shops five stars for customer service and quality products .	quality products	positive
the tracks are so beyond disgusting !	tracks	negative
it does n't mean i like the place all that much .	place	negative
here is an update to my previous praise of green restaurant .	green restaurant	positive
usually great coffee , alway great bacon and pancakes !	coffee	positive
usually great coffee , alway great bacon and pancakes !	bacon and pancakes	positive
there is never a wait , the staff is very friendly and attentive .	wait	positive
there is never a wait , the staff is very friendly and attentive .	staff	positive
beware of their lack of customer service !	customer service	negative
the food is always great and the prices are reasonable .	food	positive
the food is always great and the prices are reasonable .	prices	positive
the service was good as was the food .	service	positive
the service was good as was the food .	food	positive
my wife and i were disappointed with the staff and the veterinarian .	staff	negative
my wife and i were disappointed with the staff and the veterinarian .	veterinarian	negative
its been over _num_ years since my hubby and i visited a bk .	bk	positive
no melon ... strawberries and bananas .	melon	negative
no melon ... strawberries and bananas .	strawberries	negative
this is my favorite pizza in az .	pizza	positive
sat on patio , tables and chairs way to close .	tables	negative
sat on patio , tables and chairs way to close .	chairs	negative
there is better , cheaper italian food to be had in the valley .	italian food	positive
delicious food with comfortable outside patio for sitting .	food	positive
delicious food with comfortable outside patio for sitting .	outside patio	positive
the chips and salsa were pretty standard , if a little bland .	chips	negative
the chips and salsa were pretty standard , if a little bland .	salsa	negative
service was very , very good .	service	positive
waited _num_ minutes and no one was around .	waited	negative
much more of a local favorite than a tourist spot .	spot	positive
the charge is _num_ dollars to enter and you get two ten dollar drinks .	drinks	negative
was a bit of a wait but pretty much worth it .	wait	negative
the prices were very high for such low quality .	prices	negative
the prices were very high for such low quality .	quality	negative
in conclusion , this business deserves to fail .	business	negative
the food is fantastic !	food	positive
rick is awesome !	rick	positive
they repaired our vacuum once and even cleaned it - it looked brand new !	vacuum	positive
you get eaten alive while waiting for your food .	food	negative
he 's more suited to clean the toilets then interact with people .	toilets	negative
it need a complete head to toe makeover from decor to .	decor	negative
another mediocre eating experience .	eating	negative
pancakes , waffles and french toast are awesome .	pancakes	positive
pancakes , waffles and french toast are awesome .	waffles	positive
pancakes , waffles and french toast are awesome .	french toast	positive
family owned business .	business	positive
good service .	service	positive
the room had a sofa and it was such a comfortable experience .	room	positive
the room had a sofa and it was such a comfortable experience .	sofa	positive
i love malee 's !	malee	positive
but the dinner prices are a bit steep for the middle class .	dinner prices	negative
service , dinner , wine and dessert were all excellent .	service	positive
service , dinner , wine and dessert were all excellent .	dinner	positive
service , dinner , wine and dessert were all excellent .	wine	positive
service , dinner , wine and dessert were all excellent .	dessert	positive
i highly recommend their private dinning for special occasions .	private dinning	positive
best mexican food on earth !	mexican food	positive
what really ruined it was the loud lady at our table .	loud lady	negative
what really ruined it was the loud lady at our table .	table	negative
baked potato soup was delicious and very filling .	baked potato soup	positive
good homestyle ( mexican homestyle ) food .	food	positive
the employees have _num_ carts loaded with crap so customers ca n't use them .	employees	negative
just another mediocre food experience .	food	negative
the gyros are the best i 've ever had .	gyros	positive
bread pudding was divine !	bread pudding	positive
thanks again oj !	oj	positive
plates are huge and food is good .	plates	positive
plates are huge and food is good .	food	positive
fish tacos were pretty good .	fish tacos	positive
what a wonderful dining experience .	dining experience	positive
my friend had chicken lentil soup and loved it .	chicken lentil soup	positive
our waters were n't refilled either .	waters	negative
for three of us , the tab totaled over $ _num_ before tip .	tab	negative
for three of us , the tab totaled over $ _num_ before tip .	tip	negative
the upper level is also great for people watching !	upper level	positive
both times i received excellent , personalized , caring service .	service	positive
i had a shrimp burrito and it was very tasty .	shrimp burrito	positive
place was very clean .	place	positive
service is hit and miss .	service	negative
the lady at the desk probably does n't care to work there much .	lady	negative
homemade lemonade is also fantastic .	homemade lemonade	positive
then you 'll love this place .	place	positive
great place .	place	positive
avoid this place at all costs .	place	negative
last time we walked in and wanted to sit at a table .	table	negative
we 're becoming regulars and this is our new go-to pizza joint .	pizza joint	positive
all in all this is a great place for lunch or dinner .	lunch	positive
all in all this is a great place for lunch or dinner .	dinner	positive
always fresh , always delivered piping hot , and always yummy .	delivered	positive
i hate this place so so much .	place	negative
it has so much character and the bartenders are always nice .	bartenders	positive
awesome entrees .	entrees	positive
i highly recommend them to service your car .	car	positive
sent back and received a rare steak that was too tough to chew .	steak	negative
the carpet had just been replaced but the apartment was never cleaned .	carpet	negative
the carpet had just been replaced but the apartment was never cleaned .	apartment	negative
i had a bacon wrapped pork tenderloin that was delicious .	bacon wrapped pork tenderloin	positive
very good service with a knowledgeable friendly waiter .	service	positive
very good service with a knowledgeable friendly waiter .	waiter	positive
i have never had a worse restaurant experience than at this place .	restaurant	positive
sometimes i pick up breakfast from here , and it 's usually pretty good .	breakfast	positive
service department is the worst of any luxury brand !	service department	negative
it is a little strange for a wine bar to be rushing people out .	wine bar	negative
by this time , i am thinking the food better be freakin ' awesome .	food	positive
i had a really fun time exploring scottsdale and phoenix !	scottsdale	positive
i highly recommended this particular sun devil auto to everyone !	sun devil auto	positive
everything is made fresh : from the bagels , to the cream cheese !	bagels	positive
everything is made fresh : from the bagels , to the cream cheese !	cream cheese	positive
awesome menu selections , helpful staff , and fast service .	menu selections	positive
awesome menu selections , helpful staff , and fast service .	staff	positive
awesome menu selections , helpful staff , and fast service .	service	positive
i love the style .	style	positive
the wife got the shrimp burrito enchilada style and she raved about it .	shrimp burrito enchilada	positive
and the food is great and priced right .	food	positive
and the food is great and priced right .	priced	positive
$ _num_ tickets .	tickets	positive
they are very good about returning calls on the nurse line .	nurse line	positive
waited _num_ minutes to be seated at a time with plenty of open tables .	open tables	positive
the atmosphere is great , although very dressy .	atmosphere	positive
the food is consistently good .	food	positive
tell your staff to slow the heck down when answering a call .	staff	negative
this place is so ridiculously overrated .	place	negative
ridiculous and false advertising .	advertising	negative
no mechanical bull , no activities .	mechanical bull	negative
luckily , the italian joint across the street is really pretty good !	italian joint	positive
my sales guy was riley and he was amazing .	sales guy	positive
best pastrami sandwich in town by far !	pastrami sandwich	positive
very interesting sweet and sour had kind of a spice to it but good .	sweet	positive
very interesting sweet and sour had kind of a spice to it but good .	sour	positive
the staff here is wonderful .	staff	positive
great experience , great staff , love this place !	staff	positive
everyone at this jewelry store is wonderful !	jewelry	positive
the best part about this place is cardinals baseball is played here .	cardinals baseball	positive
_num_ stars for the excellent service and delicious food !	service	positive
_num_ stars for the excellent service and delicious food !	food	positive
still after a year no grass only green grass by the office .	green grass	negative
papago will most likely have something you would like .	papago	positive
this is by far my favorite lunch spot in the valley .	lunch spot	positive
i love my new remote start and tinted windows !	remote start	positive
i love my new remote start and tinted windows !	windows	positive
a ) clearly did n't have enough training on a credit machine .	credit machine	negative
great wine , reasonable prices , good pours .	wine	positive
great wine , reasonable prices , good pours .	prices	positive
as others have mentioned , what a beautiful complex !	complex	positive
really fun environment , super busy on weekends though especially sundays .	environment	positive
is it the best pizza -- nope .	pizza	positive
the deli has fantastic cheese and meet options .	deli	positive
the deli has fantastic cheese and meet options .	cheese	positive
really , you could n't give me the code ?	code	negative
great steaks , potatos au gratin and creamed spinach .	steaks	positive
great steaks , potatos au gratin and creamed spinach .	potatos au gratin	positive
great steaks , potatos au gratin and creamed spinach .	creamed spinach	positive
super cute patio !	patio	positive
however , the food was terrible .	food	negative
other than that i have tried this pizza sober and it is disgusting .	pizza	negative
this place is about 1/4 mile from my home .	place	positive
their selection is top notch .	selection	positive
then just fyi , only took off one wine cause i waited .	wine	negative
the burrito is pretty big and left us full .	burrito	positive
great breakfast every time !	breakfast	positive
the bad : the food is n't impressive , especially for the cost .	food	negative
the bad : the food is n't impressive , especially for the cost .	cost	negative
definitely will become # _num_ dessert spot .	dessert spot	positive
avoid the fat grumpy mean looking woman server with the broad face .	woman server	negative
very happy with the results and we will be having jeff back again .	results	positive
very happy with the results and we will be having jeff back again .	jeff	positive
the food is fantastic and the atmosphere is very relaxed .	food	positive
the food is fantastic and the atmosphere is very relaxed .	atmosphere	positive
would definitely recommend this place !	place	positive
they would not remove the money from our bill and were extremely rude .	money	negative
they would not remove the money from our bill and were extremely rude .	bill	negative
however , this place really does suck .	place	negative
i pushed the button saying my card was n't working in the machine .	card	negative
the food ( burgers ) was gross !	food ( burgers )	negative
this place is pretty gross .	place	negative
too much sauce and it was just awful !	sauce	negative
amazing food , drinks , and prices .	food	positive
amazing food , drinks , and prices .	drinks	positive
amazing food , drinks , and prices .	prices	positive
the band is great and they interact with the crowd !	band	positive
the band is great and they interact with the crowd !	crowd	positive
both feature ingredients native to the southwest .	ingredients	positive
each and every staff member is amazing .	staff	positive
we love this place !	place	positive
my food was very fresh and flavorful .	food	positive
pretty neat place !	place	positive
love this place .	place	positive
great service .	service	positive
the chop sticks could hardly even hold the weight and size of the thing .	chop sticks	negative
went to the keg last night for our anniversary .	keg	positive
i highly recommend using mark kia for all your vehicle needs !	mark kia	positive
very friendly wait service and staff too .	wait service	positive
very friendly wait service and staff too .	staff	positive
not from either of us , i and my guest have very close haircuts .	haircuts	negative
i will always be loyal to this ace hardware .	hardware	positive
authentic atmosphere , felt like i was in mexico !	atmosphere	positive
she was sweet and took her time making sure my hair looked perfect !	hair	positive
really would n't be surprised if this place closes down .	place	negative
the ribs are wonderful and they give you a lot .	ribs	positive
the service is always friendly and is fairly quickly .	service	positive
megan w is the best server we have ever had !	server	positive
the office was old , run down and not very clean .	office	negative
its just good sushi for a good value !	sushi	positive
its just good sushi for a good value !	value	positive
want a good sandwich .	sandwich	positive
horrible service !	service	negative
the entire staff seem passionate about what they do .	staff	positive
definitely recommend this place !	place	positive
smoking section is awesome .	smoking section	positive
this business was recommended by people at my church .	business	positive
asked to cook it well done .	cook	positive
the _num_ of us really enjoyed our meals and we each had different dishes .	meals	positive
the _num_ of us really enjoyed our meals and we each had different dishes .	dishes	positive
highly recommend this office !	office	positive
great classy establishment with a super fresh pita and the best meats around !	establishment	positive
great classy establishment with a super fresh pita and the best meats around !	pita	positive
great classy establishment with a super fresh pita and the best meats around !	meats	positive
this is the worst starbucks i 've ever been to .	starbucks	negative
got a selection of pizza , wings and the appetizer sampler plate .	wings	positive
got a selection of pizza , wings and the appetizer sampler plate .	appetizer sampler plate	positive
i could have just smoked my hookah at home .	hookah	positive
he is an extremely intelligent doctor and also a very kind and compassionate person .	doctor	positive
great service and price .	service	positive
great service and price .	price	positive
it seems to be the only trick the kitchen knows !	kitchen	positive
i would say in all that the restaurant had maybe _num_ tables tops .	tables	negative
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .	portion	positive
but love this office !	office	positive
his staff is also amazing and so helpful !	staff	positive
amongst the vast collection of baseball memorabilia is a great steakhouse .	baseball memorabilia	positive
amongst the vast collection of baseball memorabilia is a great steakhouse .	steakhouse	positive
my favorite pizza in scottsdale !	pizza	positive
this is not a huge place , but their exhibits are superb .	place	negative
this is not a huge place , but their exhibits are superb .	exhibits	positive
went to ra sushi today for lunch .	sushi	positive
went to ra sushi today for lunch .	lunch	positive
i had a great meal here and excellent service .	meal	positive
i had a great meal here and excellent service .	service	positive
i was told my service would take _num_ minutes .	service	negative
bread could be a bit better , but overall a good experience .	bread	negative
a very popular place in scottsdale .	place	positive
all of the southwestern items are gone .	southwestern items	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
you always get great food .	food	positive
nasty overcooked sausage , stale bread , flat cheap cheeses -- just plain gross .	sausage	negative
nasty overcooked sausage , stale bread , flat cheap cheeses -- just plain gross .	stale bread	negative
nasty overcooked sausage , stale bread , flat cheap cheeses -- just plain gross .	cheeses	negative
this place is awesome .	place	positive
the bill - over $ _num_ !	bill	positive
unfortunately this location is very close to our home .	location	negative
this is your place !	place	positive
only a little bit divey , this place has really good food !	food	positive
too bad , too , it has a great view .	view	positive
the food was great as always and the service was immaculate .	food	positive
the food was great as always and the service was immaculate .	service	positive
now it 's all bland mush .	mush	negative
fun atmosphere great conversation , just what a salon should be !	atmosphere	positive
fun atmosphere great conversation , just what a salon should be !	conversation	positive
finally made it to this brewery !	brewery	positive
i just moved to the area and wanted to go out for a pizza .	pizza	positive
christopher did my hair both times and i absolutely love it !	hair	positive
same great people ; same pleasant and comfortable room ; same really happy stay .	people	positive
same great people ; same pleasant and comfortable room ; same really happy stay .	room	positive
same great people ; same pleasant and comfortable room ; same really happy stay .	stay	positive
always been a fan of this place .	place	positive
they always have a good lunch .	lunch	positive
it 's seriously dump though - terrible food made from garbage ingredients .	food	negative
it 's seriously dump though - terrible food made from garbage ingredients .	ingredients	negative
nice touches for sure .	touches	positive
their grooming is also excellent .	grooming	positive
i love the cornbread appetizer .	cornbread appetizer	positive
a friend had the lengua burrito and said it was really tender and flavorful .	lengua burrito	positive
overall a great place to hang out and relax , definitely recommend to all .	place	positive
the outside of the restaurant looks a little old but the food is great .	food	positive
super sweet place .	place	positive
lazy staff .	staff	negative
first time here , no i did not have an appt .	appt	negative
just disappointed in the product .	product	negative
my `` hot '' sub was cold and the meat was watery .	meat	negative
great food !	food	positive
recommendations for making reservations during happy hour are spot on .	reservations	positive
the food was pretty poor and the portions were horrible .	food	negative
the food was pretty poor and the portions were horrible .	portions	negative
chicken marsala is simply delectable !	chicken marsala	positive
dont forget $ _num_ cover charge and a $ _num_ water .	cover charge	negative
dont forget $ _num_ cover charge and a $ _num_ water .	water	positive
a superb golf day with lunch as well as dinner for all .	golf day	positive
a superb golf day with lunch as well as dinner for all .	lunch	positive
a superb golf day with lunch as well as dinner for all .	dinner	positive
what horrible management .	management	negative
food is always very good .	food	positive
its not just about science here , its about taste .	science	positive
its not just about science here , its about taste .	taste	positive
everyone in our party enjoyed the evening and the food .	food	positive
however , tonight , i ordered a soup , they were out of .	soup	negative
my daughter is learning that the dentist can be a good experience .	dentist	positive
price is average for pizza that is actually good .	price	positive
price is average for pizza that is actually good .	pizza	positive
food is great and the staff is amazing !	food	positive
food is great and the staff is amazing !	staff	positive
that 's not how you treat customers .	customers	negative
great customer service !	customer service	positive
the variety and the quality was truly outstanding .	variety	positive
the variety and the quality was truly outstanding .	quality	positive
the three staff members that i had contact with were very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
fantastic food , cooked by a chef that pays attention to detail .	food	positive
fantastic food , cooked by a chef that pays attention to detail .	chef	positive
quick , efficient , consistent work .	work	positive
no wonder this place is never busy .	place	positive
i personally hate this place !	place	negative
terrible service .	service	negative
i love coach .	coach	positive
terrible store lay out .	store lay	negative
the owner was atrocious .	owner	negative
great quality meats and bread .	quality meats	positive
great quality meats and bread .	bread	positive
his brew suggestions were spot on as were his menu tips .	brew suggestions	positive
his brew suggestions were spot on as were his menu tips .	menu	positive
the portion was perfect , went well with the assorted bread basket earlier .	portion	positive
the portion was perfect , went well with the assorted bread basket earlier .	assorted bread basket	positive
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
no nonsense , but professional service .	service	positive
overall , we were pretty unimpressed with this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
megan v excellent service and had great suggestions for our dinner choices .	service	positive
megan v excellent service and had great suggestions for our dinner choices .	dinner choices	positive
i do n't understand all of the great reviews of this place .	place	negative
great place !	place	positive
this place has the best persian food .	persian food	positive
extremely unhappy with this place .	place	negative
_num_ % higher price for drinks and food _num_ feet from the bar .	price	negative
_num_ % higher price for drinks and food _num_ feet from the bar .	drinks	negative
_num_ % higher price for drinks and food _num_ feet from the bar .	food _num_	negative
_num_ % higher price for drinks and food _num_ feet from the bar .	bar	negative
very friendly staff and manager .	staff	positive
very friendly staff and manager .	manager	positive
skip this establishment .	establishment	negative
cheap buffet quality food for a much higher price .	buffet	positive
cheap buffet quality food for a much higher price .	food	positive
cheap buffet quality food for a much higher price .	price	negative
and the rest of the meal was delicious and reasonably priced .	meal	positive
and the rest of the meal was delicious and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
quality and selection seems to have gone way downhill .	quality	negative
quality and selection seems to have gone way downhill .	selection	negative
great selection , friendly staff , and quality product .	selection	positive
great selection , friendly staff , and quality product .	staff	positive
great selection , friendly staff , and quality product .	quality product	positive
great atmosphere with fantastic people watching .	atmosphere	positive
the bacon was not a high quality product .	bacon	negative
the bacon was not a high quality product .	product	negative
so , it went in the trash .	trash	negative
always a great rotating variety of draft beer , delicious food and friendly staff .	draft beer	positive
always a great rotating variety of draft beer , delicious food and friendly staff .	food	positive
always a great rotating variety of draft beer , delicious food and friendly staff .	staff	positive
really great service , cute atmosphere , and awesome food !	service	positive
really great service , cute atmosphere , and awesome food !	atmosphere	positive
really great service , cute atmosphere , and awesome food !	food	positive
cute little store !	store	positive
my other half had the bbq ribs w/ coleslaw and mashed potatoes .	bbq ribs	positive
my other half had the bbq ribs w/ coleslaw and mashed potatoes .	mashed potatoes	positive
they have great food for being a little dive bar .	food	positive
they have great food for being a little dive bar .	dive bar	positive
overall , this is a pretty nice joint .	joint	positive
however the ceiling tiles were as described - in need of urgent repair .	ceiling tiles	negative
i love this starbucks !	starbucks	positive
great flavors and sauce !	flavors	positive
great flavors and sauce !	sauce	positive
the habanero burger was great and as hot and spicy as promised !	habanero burger	positive
the food here was amazing .	food	positive
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	unit	positive
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	space	positive
this place rocks .	place	positive
i go here mostly for the sandwiches , which are the best in town .	sandwiches	positive
all of the jokes were in bad taste .	jokes	negative
other than that great place !	place	positive
waited another twenty minutes for dinner -- same thing .	dinner	negative
it 's more of a to-go dessert place if you are craving a sundae !	dessert place	negative
it 's more of a to-go dessert place if you are craving a sundae !	sundae	positive
kudos to this entire staff !	staff	positive
hot fudge sundae was great .	hot fudge sundae	positive
nice family owned business .	business	positive
for your money , go to the george and dragon .	money	positive
the food on the other hand was bad .	food	negative
fantastic store !	store	positive
best , most painless facial wax i 've ever had !	facial wax	negative
food was awful !	food	negative
techs do a great job !	techs	positive
worst customer service .	customer service	negative
this rule will never fail you .	rule	positive
virtually no meat .	meat	negative
even worst was the texture - clams should be tender and not rubbery .	texture	negative
i thought there was too much batter , but overall it was good .	batter	negative
great happy hour margarita for $ _num_ .	margarita for	positive
the care and attention they gave my son and wife was top notch .	care	positive
the salsa tasted terrible !	salsa	negative
this place definitely gets _num_ stars .	place	positive
after all , they were charging _num_ bucks for a ribeye .	ribeye	negative
very affordable & loving staff who do care about animals !	staff	positive
very affordable & loving staff who do care about animals !	animals	positive
spin the wheel - its fun !	wheel	positive
great selection , and very helpful staff .	selection	positive
great selection , and very helpful staff .	staff	positive
his caring attitude and expertise were extremely helpful and comforting .	attitude	positive
fantastic and fresh menu nicely presented with terrific service .	menu	positive
fantastic and fresh menu nicely presented with terrific service .	service	positive
their quote was also very reasonable .	quote	positive
love this place .	place	positive
i wanted out of that restaurant as quickly as possible .	restaurant	negative
i would highly recommend this location .	location	positive
insanely rude staff , been eating here for over _num_ years .	staff	negative
the corn beef hash is also excellent , and probably my favorite here .	corn beef hash	positive
we ordered shrimp toast , too , and it was very tasty .	shrimp toast	positive
the service is always top notch and we are welcomed like long lost family .	service	positive
the service was friendly and professional .	service	positive
i would not go here for classes , though .	classes	negative
the ice cream was cold & the fudge was hot .	ice cream	positive
the ice cream was cold & the fudge was hot .	fudge	positive
no warm music , no tablecloths , no italian paintings .	music	negative
no warm music , no tablecloths , no italian paintings .	tablecloths	negative
food was mediocre .	food	negative
all i ordered was two small one topping pizzas and pizza bites .	one	negative
all i ordered was two small one topping pizzas and pizza bites .	pizza bites	negative
the ribs were over cooked and dry .	ribs	negative
the bartenders are extremely friendly , knowledgable gals .	bartenders	positive
the staff are so friendly and the service was amazing .	staff	positive
the staff are so friendly and the service was amazing .	service	positive
my side salad was served .	side salad	positive
my side salad was served .	served	positive
all in all an amazing school we love it .	school	positive
we paid $ _num_ a glass for a _num_ alexander valley cab .	glass	negative
that 's not enough food for one person .	food	negative
kaitlyn was absolutely delightful .	kaitlyn	positive
it 's got ta suck to serve such bad food ) .	food	negative
for all the regulars !	regulars	positive
the staff is always friendly and professional .	staff	positive
although i like the gym itself , i will never go back .	gym	positive
our server was outstanding .	server	positive
gentleman , server was very friendly and helpful .	server	positive
great selection , high end stuff .	selection	positive
great selection , high end stuff .	stuff	positive
the bread was also delicious and loaded with butter and garlic .	bread	positive
the bread was also delicious and loaded with butter and garlic .	butter	positive
the bread was also delicious and loaded with butter and garlic .	garlic	positive
this is my second one star review on yelp and they deserve it .	review	positive
she even relieved my stress with the hand massage during my shampoo .	hand	positive
she even relieved my stress with the hand massage during my shampoo .	shampoo	positive
food was great and the service was even better .	food	positive
food was great and the service was even better .	service	positive
the pizza was hot , and flavorful .	pizza	positive
obsessed with this place !	place	negative
customer service is fast and has the power to help customers .	customer service	positive
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	bill	positive
should be known ahead of time that they wo n't honor coupons .	coupons	negative
the service was also impeccable .	service	positive
literally one of the worst spa experiences of my life .	spa	negative
i ca n't believe i ate the food.	food.	positive
this place is a gem !	place	positive
best sonic on the planet .	sonic	positive
i love the enchilada sauce .	enchilada sauce	positive
same perfect cut every time .	cut	positive
not exactly the best nights sleep is guaranteed here either .	nights sleep	negative
they have the best food , and are always very friendly .	food	positive
room service is awful .	room service	negative
had a couple 's dinner here & it was great !	dinner	positive
service has always been good too .	service	positive
the food was great , but the service was definitely above and beyond !	food	positive
the food was great , but the service was definitely above and beyond !	service	positive
i love china china !	china china	positive
happy hour price was $ _num_ including tax .	price	positive
it was a great deal - $ _num_ for haircut and partial highlight .	haircut	positive
it was a great deal - $ _num_ for haircut and partial highlight .	highlight	positive
this used to be one of my favorite places on mill .	places	positive
ideal mall food .	mall food	positive
i went with the burrito and taco lunch special ; everything i was craving .	burrito	positive
you can tell the everything used here is very fresh and top notch quality .	everything	positive
you can tell the everything used here is very fresh and top notch quality .	quality	positive
it also feels like a genuine english pub !	english pub	positive
the most dreadful service i have ever received .	service	negative
my wife ordered the fried ( formerly broasted ) chicken .	fried	positive
great recommendations , personable and passionate about her work .	recommendations	positive
i actually prefer this coffee shop over starbucks .	coffee shop	positive
i actually prefer this coffee shop over starbucks .	starbucks	positive
condescending arrogant staff , know your job .	staff	negative
this is literally my favorite mexican food joint ... period !	mexican food joint	positive
prices are extremely reasonable for what you get .	prices	positive
finished drinks and still no waitress .	drinks	negative
finished drinks and still no waitress .	waitress	negative
this place is a mess .	place	negative
great food .	food	positive
service was outstanding .	service	positive
this is my fave spot .	fave spot	positive
i love love love the steamed clams .	steamed clams	positive
there 's was a piano and guitar player which was a nice touch .	piano	positive
there 's was a piano and guitar player which was a nice touch .	guitar player	positive
the location is great .	location	positive
horrible horrible performance and service from the employee .	performance	negative
horrible horrible performance and service from the employee .	service	negative
horrible horrible performance and service from the employee .	employee	negative
more like the bad egg ! ''	egg	negative
the food was n't even mediocre in quality .	food	negative
the food was n't even mediocre in quality .	quality	negative
it 's a great sports bar with fantastic wings and pizza .	sports bar	positive
it 's a great sports bar with fantastic wings and pizza .	wings	positive
it 's a great sports bar with fantastic wings and pizza .	pizza	positive
had a great meal here - tasty green enchiladas and loved their guac .	meal	positive
had a great meal here - tasty green enchiladas and loved their guac .	green enchiladas	positive
had a great meal here - tasty green enchiladas and loved their guac .	guac	positive
well , $ _num_ to do the diagnostic and $ _num_ for the tow .	diagnostic	positive
well , $ _num_ to do the diagnostic and $ _num_ for the tow .	tow	positive
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .	fave	negative
they were very friendly and the food was hot .	food	positive
love this place !	place	positive
i normally dont do that if you buy a beer ?	beer	negative
but the food just was not good .	food	negative
they make any roll and the price is great .	roll	positive
they make any roll and the price is great .	price	positive
food has always been great and service friendly .	food	positive
food has always been great and service friendly .	service	positive
order a seafood pasta and the seafood was old and smelly .	seafood pasta	negative
order a seafood pasta and the seafood was old and smelly .	seafood	negative
unfortunately , the adjustments he performed on me made my condition worse .	adjustments	negative
good value , great taste .	value	positive
the server was not very good to say the least .	server	negative
do not take your pet here in the middle of the night .	pet	negative
the food has been excellent but the service has shown marked improvement .	food	positive
the food has been excellent but the service has shown marked improvement .	service	positive
i enjoy going some where besides chain food places that are more individual .	chain food places	positive
this tasted like it came out of a bottle - definitely not freshly made .	bottle	negative
it 's a simple deli that had a good sized lunch crowd .	deli	positive
it 's a simple deli that had a good sized lunch crowd .	lunch crowd	positive
half of my kids meals were never even given to us .	meals	negative
prices are reasonable and staff has always been friendly .	prices	positive
prices are reasonable and staff has always been friendly .	staff	positive
bagels and bagel sandwich were delicious !	bagels	positive
bagels and bagel sandwich were delicious !	bagel sandwich	positive
great atmosphere and friendly staff .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and friendly staff .	staff	positive
wow this place has gone down hill big time .	place	positive
we waited another _num_ minutes for our drinks to come out .	drinks	negative
the food is hot and tasty !	food	positive
a great casual sports bar atmosphere .	sports bar atmosphere	positive
the salsa was too watery , just a little heat to it .	salsa	negative
is n't us complaining a hostess ' cue to get the manager over ?	hostess	negative
is n't us complaining a hostess ' cue to get the manager over ?	manager	negative
the food absolutely rocked !	food	positive
still love rosati 's .	rosati 's	positive
the spa was so relaxing and even the regular pool was amazing .	spa	positive
the spa was so relaxing and even the regular pool was amazing .	pool	positive
it tasted more like it was smothered in bbq sauce .	bbq sauce	negative
the green hot sauce they have is really hot but so good .	green hot sauce	positive
my dad 's salad was just as disappointing .	salad	negative
the cooks sucked .	cooks	negative
super fast , friendly , professional and all at a fair price .	price	positive
staff , i hope you 're listening , cause i 'm talking .	staff	positive
food is always consistent !	food	positive
the beer selection was decent .	beer selection	positive
what a great library .	library	positive
they are both listed as sides , but make a surprisingly great pairing .	sides	positive
really good stuff , and really good for you .	stuff	positive
great pancakes !	pancakes	positive
great service , waitress was on the ball with everything .	service	positive
great service , waitress was on the ball with everything .	waitress	positive
many days you will see the owner .	owner	positive
the atmosphere is cozy and fun .	atmosphere	positive
my boyfriend got the huevos rancheros and this was absolutely delish .	huevos rancheros	positive
the staff was n't overly polite .	staff	positive
soda was flat both times we went .	soda	negative
bar none the location of giants field is ideal .	location	positive
ok , best dental care i have ever had !	dental care	positive
she said large dogs are no longer welcome .	dogs	negative
rude , rude , manager .	manager	negative
i now have gotten a new honda and will continue to take both cars .	honda	positive
i 'm so disappointed with this company .	company	negative
my favorite pizza spot in the valley .	pizza spot	positive
it was at the alcohol sugar stage already !	alcohol sugar	negative
it 's first come , first served .	served	positive
i dropped $ _num_ on food that was not all that good.	food	negative
they have amazing sandwiches , pizzas , salads , and deserts .	sandwiches	positive
they have amazing sandwiches , pizzas , salads , and deserts .	pizzas	positive
they have amazing sandwiches , pizzas , salads , and deserts .	salads	positive
they have amazing sandwiches , pizzas , salads , and deserts .	deserts	positive
my boyfriend got the french toast , said it was okay but cold .	french toast	positive
over priced and the stores always seem to be dirty .	priced	negative
over priced and the stores always seem to be dirty .	stores	negative
and his fee 's for repair are very reasonable and fair .	fee	positive
and his fee 's for repair are very reasonable and fair .	repair	positive
this is an awesome neighborhood find !	neighborhood	positive
the people who work there are exceedingly nice and helpful .	people	positive
rude , inconsiderate owners who have no business dealing with the public .	owners	negative
oh , and parking sucks too .	parking	negative
love this place !	place	positive
they have many unique flavors and i have enjoyed each one .	flavors	positive
had so much sushi and it was all really good .	sushi	positive
we were not brought menus .	menus	negative
they remembered my order , as all aloha systems do regarding takeout orders .	takeout orders	positive
awesome food !	food	positive
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	eggs	positive
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	side of fruit	positive
nice place for couple night out .	place	positive
good consistent steak house .	steak house	positive
the place was nice and clean .	place	positive
the facility was clean and service person was professional and nice .	facility	positive
the facility was clean and service person was professional and nice .	service person	positive
in the past , maintenance response has been quite quick .	maintenance response	positive
the pizza was delicious and i was very happy .	pizza	positive
i have a very happy _num_ year old !	_num_	positive
well if your merchandise if marked wrong you think you would fix it .	merchandise	negative
i highly recommend this venue .	venue	positive
this week i got a brazilian blowout that has changed my life !	brazilian blowout	positive
i played on this course this last sunday and was so disappointed .	course	negative
not appetizing .	appetizing	negative
the staff were fantastic and really attentive .	staff	positive
amazing bargains and designer purses and clothing .	bargains	positive
amazing bargains and designer purses and clothing .	designer purses	positive
amazing bargains and designer purses and clothing .	clothing	positive
star _num_ : how were the portions relative to the cost ?	portions	negative
star _num_ : how were the portions relative to the cost ?	cost	negative
great friendly staff .	staff	positive
their bagels are incredibly yummy , and fresh .	bagels	positive
salsa is outstanding .	salsa	positive
fantastic food and really good personable service .	food	positive
fantastic food and really good personable service .	service	positive
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	food	negative
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	locations	negative
ca n't recommend highly enough !	ca	negative
there was very little flavor to it .	flavor	negative
pitas and salads as well.	pitas	positive
pitas and salads as well.	salads	positive
spectacular service .	service	positive
pulled pork is my favorite .	pulled pork	positive
their pizza and salad assortment is fantastic .	pizza	positive
their pizza and salad assortment is fantastic .	salad assortment	positive
this is the friendly , local bike shop you are looking for .	bike shop	positive
everything on my plate was sooooo good !	plate	positive
please oh please try the sea stew !	sea stew	positive
my god , it would take eight rolls to fill me .	rolls	negative
professionals , through and through , but so personable , and offered helpful advice !	professionals	positive
love love love this place !	place	positive
nice thin crusted pizza with high quality and generous amounts of toppings .	crusted pizza	positive
nice thin crusted pizza with high quality and generous amounts of toppings .	toppings	positive
everything was cooked well and has good flavor and balance .	flavor	positive
i should mention the food i guess ... .	food	positive
the toppings seem ordinary at best .	toppings	negative
the stylists are friendly and make you feel welcome .	stylists	positive
good mexican food .	mexican food	positive
the drinks are also so good served from the jade bar .	drinks	positive
the drinks are also so good served from the jade bar .	served	positive
the drinks are also so good served from the jade bar .	jade bar	positive
great everyday clothes !	everyday clothes	positive
i thought the scallops were great .	scallops	positive
the guacamole was ok for my tastes with cilantro and jalapeos in it .	guacamole	negative
the guacamole was ok for my tastes with cilantro and jalapeos in it .	cilantro	negative
the guacamole was ok for my tastes with cilantro and jalapeos in it .	jalapeos	negative
they carry all varieties of alcohol and have all different kinds of delicious food .	food	positive
beautiful stadium !	stadium	positive
staff gets _num_ stars - but old dated smelly rooms gets _num_ star .	staff	positive
staff gets _num_ stars - but old dated smelly rooms gets _num_ star .	rooms	negative
best beer selection in the valley !	beer selection	positive
takes _num_ minutes to get a menu and silverware .	menu	positive
takes _num_ minutes to get a menu and silverware .	silverware	positive
every other gyros place i 've been to will substitute .	gyros place	negative
we love this place .	place	positive
we then arranged for the customers car to be repaired .	customers car	negative
appetizers are delicious too !	appetizers	positive
this is to bad that this is how they treat thier customers .	customers	negative
this is my favorite mexican food restaurant .	mexican food	positive
best place to shop and i am truly addicted to aj 's ice tea !	place	positive
best place to shop and i am truly addicted to aj 's ice tea !	ice tea	positive
omg , this place is awesome !	place	positive
the employees are such nice people .	employees	positive
it satisfies my monthly dive bar craving .	dive bar	positive
the wine list was nice and different .	wine list	positive
he 's the best part of this bar .	bar	positive
make sure you bring a camera .	camera	positive
way too much sauce and nothing special .	sauce	negative
good prices .	prices	positive
the owner treated us like family and really felt like we were back home .	owner	positive
very tasty , true new york style pizza .	pizza	positive
very disappointing for anyone who 's ever had a real tea party .	tea	negative
this place is a waste of time .	place	negative
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	place	negative
they have great deli prices !	deli prices	positive
but i was overall very disappointed in the food .	food	negative
it was an awful grey color .	color	negative
great prices and great service today .	prices	positive
great prices and great service today .	service	positive
the service was great .	service	positive
some of the teachers are great , others can be very cold .	teachers	positive
the energy is great !	energy	positive
also a nice bar .	bar	positive
our party of eight was crammed into a small table .	table	negative
bad service .	service	negative
the staff is rude also .	staff	negative
thank you for the trustworthy service !	service	positive
_num_ stars for the best clinic in arizona !	clinic	positive
she loved everything from the mixed kabobs , to the chicken curry .	mixed kabobs	positive
she loved everything from the mixed kabobs , to the chicken curry .	chicken curry	positive
they also have a great selection of cheese !	selection of cheese	positive
worst wings i have ever had .	wings	negative
very full of flavor due to the fresh ingredients .	flavor	positive
very full of flavor due to the fresh ingredients .	ingredients	positive
half pepperoni , half chicken pesto .	pepperoni , half chicken pesto	positive
waffles are tasty .	waffles	positive
the pita chips were fried and so greasy !	pita chips	negative
i found a dead fly in my salad coated in dressing .	salad	negative
but i was not impressed by the hh specials or the food .	food	negative
always clean now and service is much better .	service	positive
the mussels were phenomenal .	mussels	positive
however , the food has gone downhill .	food	negative
great food , great service and a convenient location .	food	positive
great food , great service and a convenient location .	service	positive
great food , great service and a convenient location .	location	positive
they had quality service and friendly employees !	service	positive
they had quality service and friendly employees !	employees	positive
the food is good and creative , they have good pizza and wonderful specials .	food	positive
the food is good and creative , they have good pizza and wonderful specials .	pizza	positive
the food is good and creative , they have good pizza and wonderful specials .	specials	positive
small salon with attentive , pleasant staff .	salon	positive
small salon with attentive , pleasant staff .	staff	positive
the atmosphere was perfect .	atmosphere	positive
best corned beef hash ever !	corned beef hash	positive
the food is really reasonable and they give you good portions .	food	positive
the food is really reasonable and they give you good portions .	portions	positive
the server made our experience worth the $ _num_ .	server	positive
nice shopping for gently used clothing , some had new tags still on .	clothing	positive
service is friendly .	service	positive
i will not be surprised if elements closes .	elements	positive
staff is well versed in product and always willing to go above and beyond .	staff	positive
staff is well versed in product and always willing to go above and beyond .	product	positive
great service in old time diner atmosphere i just love it !	service	positive
great service in old time diner atmosphere i just love it !	atmosphere	positive
great food & great price in scottsdale 's art district .	food	positive
great food & great price in scottsdale 's art district .	price	positive
overall , this place seems like it is in a questionable area of tempe .	place	negative
overall , this place seems like it is in a questionable area of tempe .	area	negative
the food is special , wines are terrific , and the desserts tasty .	food	positive
the food is special , wines are terrific , and the desserts tasty .	wines	positive
the food is special , wines are terrific , and the desserts tasty .	desserts	positive
awesome seats at the bar ... .	seats	positive
great place to dine , if you 're ever in the downtown scottsdale area .	place	positive
food , view and staff was amazing .	food	positive
food , view and staff was amazing .	view	positive
food , view and staff was amazing .	staff	positive
needless to say , filiberto 's has forever lost my business and respect .	filiberto	negative
needless to say , filiberto 's has forever lost my business and respect .	business	negative
the bagels are lovely & fresh and the service was polite and friendly .	bagels	positive
the bagels are lovely & fresh and the service was polite and friendly .	service	positive
they barely have enough spaces for the people who live there .	spaces	negative
the karaoke host talked way too much in the _num_ minute we were there .	karaoke host	negative
nope , no customer service .	customer service	negative
i probably will not go back , just not my thing .	thing	negative
had a great dinner with my buddies !	dinner	positive
i ordered the salmon new orleans with mashed potatoes and was very impressed .	salmon new orleans with mashed potatoes	positive
it came with many sides and even included a cinnamon tea at the end .	cinnamon tea	positive
we really enjoyed lunch on the patio .	lunch	positive
we really enjoyed lunch on the patio .	patio	positive
a lot of food but very very good .	food	positive
my favorite bar in old town scottsdale .	bar	positive
she seemed irritated and threw the three menus on our table .	menus	negative
she seemed irritated and threw the three menus on our table .	table	negative
their sizzling tofu soup is great as well .	sizzling tofu soup	positive
large and in charge baby .	baby	positive
what kind of stupid place is this ?	place	negative
this drive-thru is so slow !	drive-thru	negative
poor management all around .	management	negative
the meat is always succulent and tender , and nicely spiced .	meat	positive
excellent breakfast burritos , awesome _num_ 's rock playing and beautifully decorated .	breakfast burritos	positive
seafood was fresh and cooked perfectly !	seafood	positive
the service was really bad .	service	negative
changing people and had the best pizza from dominos .	pizza	positive
gluten free is a huge plus .	gluten	positive
love mo and the team , sat at the bar last wednesday .	bar	positive
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	resort	positive
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	service	positive
i attempted to return the item the server said they do n't take returns .	server	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
lots of ( overpriced ) furniture .	furniture	positive
the food is good .	food	positive
the staff is extremely helpful and always take their time to explain benefits .	staff	positive
warning to everyone to do your research before doing business with this company .	company	positive
tina & danny run a nice place .	place	positive
fresh fruit , snacks , and others such as trader joe 's things .	fresh fruit	positive
fresh fruit , snacks , and others such as trader joe 's things .	snacks	positive
fresh fruit , snacks , and others such as trader joe 's things .	things	positive
the chairs are so comfortable and the china so fine .	chairs	positive
the chairs are so comfortable and the china so fine .	china	positive
where do i begin with this place .	place	positive
not a very sanitary vision .	vision	negative
garlic bread : flavorless ( how is that possible ? )	garlic bread	negative
my car was complete a day ahead of schedule , imagine my surprise .	car	positive
the waffles on the other hand was great - my husband devoured it .	waffles	positive
they make the right choice of which products they should carry .	products	positive
we had a group of six and waited _num_ minutes for sushi orders .	sushi orders	negative
service was fast and friendly and the prices reasonable .	service	positive
service was fast and friendly and the prices reasonable .	prices	positive
great food as well .	food	positive
it is small and quaint with a secret find type of atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
wings were super meaty and tasted perfect .	wings	positive
this place is by far the worst nail salon i have ever been to .	nail salon	negative
great salon !	salon	positive
this place is highly recommended !	place	positive
however , they stop teaching computers in middle school , which i found odd .	computers	negative
and some beer with food that goes good with beer !	beer	positive
tasty rich food , great friendly service and nice decor .	food	positive
tasty rich food , great friendly service and nice decor .	service	positive
tasty rich food , great friendly service and nice decor .	decor	positive
they are very skilled vets who are also kind and compassionate .	vets	positive
live music , great bartender and so much fun !	live music	positive
live music , great bartender and so much fun !	bartender	positive
this place gets _num_ stars from most .	place	positive
he got a nice cut and got a social experience with the other dogs .	cut	positive
he got a nice cut and got a social experience with the other dogs .	dogs	positive
i wish there were zero stars !	stars	negative
the dr. was very gentle and calm with our scared dog .	dr.	positive
and the shrimp obviously was not fresh ... and very salty .	shrimp	negative
once again a fabulous breakfast !	breakfast	positive
if you are a foodie , this is one fun place .	place	positive
the service and everything is excellent .	service	positive
best service i 've ever had .	service	positive
steak ordered medium was served well done and cold .	steak ordered	negative
steak ordered medium was served well done and cold .	served	positive
julio 's is great .	julio	positive
very good homemade sandwiches , salads and italian delights .	homemade sandwiches	positive
very good homemade sandwiches , salads and italian delights .	salads	positive
very good homemade sandwiches , salads and italian delights .	italian delights	positive
i must say , the blue corn tortilla enchiladas were not that bad .	blue corn tortilla enchiladas	positive
however , the food just was n't that good .	food	negative
great place for happy hour and a great drinks and food menu !	drinks	positive
great place for happy hour and a great drinks and food menu !	food menu	positive
definitely our new go-to donut place !	donut place	positive
josh our serve was so wonderful .	serve	positive
the food is excellent !	food	positive
service was generic , uncomfortable , lack luster for a resort at this level .	service	negative
they are professional , very accommodating and committed to quality .	quality	positive
they are great groomers too !	groomers	positive
staff is very kind and they really know their stuff .	staff	positive
would you like some cockroach with your soup ?	cockroach	positive
would you like some cockroach with your soup ?	soup	positive
oh and the best item ( to me ) is the horchata !	item	positive
interesting combos !	combos	positive
i recommend this place any day or time .	place	positive
good friendly staff .	staff	positive
it has the classy but homey feel and authentic pizza .	feel	positive
it has the classy but homey feel and authentic pizza .	pizza	positive
other than that , the food is really good .	food	positive
it was dry , and the sauce they used was n't good .	sauce	negative
they have a great looking deli counter .	deli counter	positive
this time for girls weekend but have also brought my family .	girls	positive
i love this place and it gets five stars .	place	positive
great service and very friendly !	service	positive
absolutely , without a doubt the worst bank i 've visited in az .	bank	negative
i judge a fine restaurant by their capacity to accommodate my food allergies .	food	negative
unlike a place like the yard house they always rotate different beers .	yard house	negative
unlike a place like the yard house they always rotate different beers .	beers	negative
sour cream and guac on the side .	sour cream	positive
mr. zizzo is super cool .	mr.	positive
very good quality ingredients .	quality ingredients	positive
the main branch of the chandler public library system is pretty big .	public library system	positive
not even any pictures on the wall , no tablecloths , etc .	tablecloths	negative
usually short staff and food takes forever to cook .	staff	negative
usually short staff and food takes forever to cook .	food	negative
delicious and unique menu .	menu	positive
my cut took so long , that the school was about to close .	cut	negative
also you 've got to try the pot stickers !	pot stickers	positive
i would highly recommend this shop to anyone .	shop	positive
my family has found a new bakery in town !	bakery	positive
i was not expecting anything other than good food and average service .	food	positive
i was not expecting anything other than good food and average service .	service	negative
great food , our two suites were great and a great staff .	food	positive
great food , our two suites were great and a great staff .	suites	positive
great food , our two suites were great and a great staff .	staff	positive
a week later i was charged _num_ from the spa .	spa	negative
great service too .	service	positive
do not try the black bean tortillas !	black bean tortillas	negative
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	food	negative
barber was fun to talk to .	barber	positive
do n't do business with this company !	company	negative
homemade potato chips with bacon , cheese and bbq sauce .	potato chips with bacon , cheese	positive
homemade potato chips with bacon , cheese and bbq sauce .	bbq sauce	positive
it 's a solid place for italian food with decent wine list .	italian food	positive
it 's a solid place for italian food with decent wine list .	wine list	positive
the food is great , it 's family owned and it 's reasonably priced .	food	positive
the food is great , it 's family owned and it 's reasonably priced .	priced	positive
food is always amazing no matter what i order .	food	positive
love this place and will definitely use them again .	place	positive
good wine selection .	wine selection	positive
customer service is mediocre .	customer service	negative
every dish is tasty but the pistachio ice-cream is delicious .	dish	positive
every dish is tasty but the pistachio ice-cream is delicious .	pistachio ice-cream	positive
- the presentation of the rolls was horrible .	presentation of the rolls	negative
nothing wrong with corn on the cob but how can you make that bad ?	corn on the cob	positive
fantastic food , awesome owners , wonderful !	food	positive
fantastic food , awesome owners , wonderful !	owners	positive
great place love everything i have ever ordered .	place	positive
this place just stinks to hell and back .	place	negative
the coffee , thankfully , was hot enough to melt it down the throat .	coffee	positive
sometimes i get a great waitress , sometimes a terrible one .	waitress	positive
in a word , this place is as good as it gets !	place	positive
all homemade and tasted great , i will be back .	homemade	positive
in my option , this the best for pizza and wings hands down .	pizza	positive
and this place is ridiculously cute and nostalgic and a perfect date place .	place	positive
and this place is ridiculously cute and nostalgic and a perfect date place .	date place	positive
great service and good food .	service	positive
great service and good food .	food	positive
the menu tries too hard to be cute and sexy .	menu	negative
they have happy hour prices and different specials every day .	specials	positive
they certainly have my business from now on .	business	positive
definitely better service than subway .	service	negative
the repair was first class and our 5th wheel looked as good as new .	repair	positive
the food is really good , but sometimes can take a little while .	food	positive
the employees are jerks of a special type .	employees	negative
my grandparents loved this place and we used to go once a month .	place	positive
instead he takes the opportunity to practice his sit-down comedy act i guess .	sit-down	positive
first , we ordered a calamari appetizer and a bottle of wine .	calamari appetizer	positive
first , we ordered a calamari appetizer and a bottle of wine .	bottle of wine	positive
add that to the horrible service- we wont be back .	service-	negative
great outdoor seating .	outdoor seating	positive
all of our entrees & apps were very good .	entrees	positive
all of our entrees & apps were very good .	apps	positive
we love rosa 's !	rosa	positive
great for weekend away , business or vacation .	business	positive
awesome group of people run this caring and fun summer camp .	summer camp	positive
and not to mention the place is beautiful !	place	positive
the margaritas taste like a whole lot of water and no alcohol .	margaritas	negative
the margaritas taste like a whole lot of water and no alcohol .	water	negative
the margaritas taste like a whole lot of water and no alcohol .	alcohol	negative
luckily our lease ended the following week but we got the hell out asap .	lease	negative
overall one of the best places around .	places	positive
good food , good prices , average service .	food	positive
good food , good prices , average service .	prices	positive
good food , good prices , average service .	service	positive
customers are like family members .	customers	positive
staff is awesome !	staff	positive
$ _num_ for freaking take-out for _num_ people .	take-out	negative
i will not let that female tech touch my nails again .	female tech	negative
excellent food .	food	positive
the dentists are fine but the way the office is run is horrible .	dentists	positive
the dentists are fine but the way the office is run is horrible .	office	negative
this place is so beautiful and welcoming !	place	positive
only thing that i ate was the milk .	milk	positive
the place is always packed but the food is worth the wait !	place	negative
the place is always packed but the food is worth the wait !	food	positive
the place is always packed but the food is worth the wait !	wait	positive
the atmosphere was clean , so was the salon .	atmosphere	positive
there was never a third coupon , as karen continues to lie about .	coupon	negative
first , this place has the most impressive wine list i have ever seen .	wine list	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
loved the service , price and knowledge i received .	service	positive
loved the service , price and knowledge i received .	price	positive
very welcoming and on their a game .	a game	positive
cool spot in a hot town .	spot	positive
you 've lost a big lunch business customer .	lunch business	negative
he 's serving the most sophisticated food .	food	positive
i love starbucks !	starbucks	positive
good location .	location	positive
green pork chile more potatoes than pork and very runny just in a broth .	green pork chile	negative
green pork chile more potatoes than pork and very runny just in a broth .	potatoes	negative
green pork chile more potatoes than pork and very runny just in a broth .	broth	negative
i recommend this for any breakfast crowd .	breakfast crowd	positive
but the attitude of the girl on the phone was extremely rude .	girl	negative
they have the best coleslaw , coconut shrimp , and ribs .	coleslaw	positive
they have the best coleslaw , coconut shrimp , and ribs .	coconut shrimp	positive
they have the best coleslaw , coconut shrimp , and ribs .	ribs	positive
the best carne asada burrito !	carne asada burrito	positive
good solid mexican food .	mexican food	positive
and the service is awesome !	service	positive
gag ... ... .	gag	negative
the pastas were cold except the mac and cheese which was tolerable .	pastas	negative
the pastas were cold except the mac and cheese which was tolerable .	mac and cheese	negative
crab crunch and special roll .	crab crunch	positive
crab crunch and special roll .	roll	positive
the mix of comics was quite fun , and the host was very entertaining .	mix of comics	positive
the mix of comics was quite fun , and the host was very entertaining .	host	positive
the food is impeccable , the wine list superb .	food	positive
the food is impeccable , the wine list superb .	wine list	positive
the steak had just the right amount of seasoning and flavor .	steak	positive
the steak had just the right amount of seasoning and flavor .	flavor	positive
awesome patio !	patio	positive
got a few appetizers and share them .	appetizers	positive
why would you post that your season stared _num_ days ago and then closed .	season	negative
top customer service .	customer service	positive
presentation has always been good .	presentation	positive
the course is hard enough as it is without all that going on .	course	negative
i love love this place !	place	positive
family comes every time they are in town .	family	positive
give this place a shot .	place	positive
never will i go back to this place .	place	negative
i 've been there twice and each time our service has been excellent .	service	positive
and the green rice was a great pairing .	green rice	positive
why do they just assume their time is more valuable than mine .	time	negative
other waitresses brought our food - which seemed to take a really long time .	waitresses	negative
other waitresses brought our food - which seemed to take a really long time .	food	negative
and no managers to speak to .	managers	negative
hot waitresses !	waitresses	positive
the ambiance is fantastic and the price is just right .	ambiance	positive
the ambiance is fantastic and the price is just right .	price	positive
their bakery is hands down the best .	bakery	positive
good food and talented bartenders .	food	positive
good food and talented bartenders .	bartenders	positive
love the hub !	hub	positive
bottom line , i am very happy with this hospital .	hospital	positive
not a _num_ hour store !	store	negative
happy hour prices are hard to beat !	prices	negative
this place was n't accommodating at all .	place	negative
staff was friendly and nice .	staff	positive
the gardens is excellent in all regards .	gardens	positive
they also have some pretty good local beers on tap and by the bottle .	local beers on tap	positive
they also have some pretty good local beers on tap and by the bottle .	bottle	positive
my recommendation to the restaurant : improve your quality or lower your prices .	quality	negative
my recommendation to the restaurant : improve your quality or lower your prices .	prices	negative
i had the shepherd 's pie , and i sent it back .	shepherd 's pie	positive
no one 's chairs were actually facing the stage .	chairs	negative
no one 's chairs were actually facing the stage .	stage	negative
it seem that everytime i go in i have to have some major procedure .	procedure	negative
ned 's is such a great little sub shop .	sub shop	positive
another issue , the place felt like there was no a/c .	place	negative
not forever , but a little long for a breakfast menu .	breakfast menu	negative
i really enjoyed my experience with the salon and will definitely be back again .	salon	positive
i really liked this place .	place	positive
great place to be at .	place	positive
i mean $ _num_ dollars for pretty okay egg rolls ?	egg rolls	positive
loved the ambience if sitting and dining in a grocery store .	ambience	positive
great food ... .	food	positive
wonderful food and service .	food	positive
wonderful food and service .	service	positive
waitress tends to hang out at the bar versus wait on the tables .	waitress	positive
waitress tends to hang out at the bar versus wait on the tables .	bar	positive
waitress tends to hang out at the bar versus wait on the tables .	wait	negative
at this point , would suggest spinato 's or even mellow mushroom first .	mushroom	positive
great service .	service	positive
long story short : come here for beer , not food .	beer	negative
long story short : come here for beer , not food .	food	negative
very authentic diner style food .	diner	positive
very authentic diner style food .	food	positive
love their pizza !	pizza	positive
the service is great , prices are fair , and the food is wonderful .	service	positive
the service is great , prices are fair , and the food is wonderful .	prices	positive
the service is great , prices are fair , and the food is wonderful .	food	positive
oil change does n't take this friggin long .	oil change	positive
i luv zipps for happy hour !	zipps	positive
have a good time , see you there .	time	positive
good service and decent prices .	service	positive
good service and decent prices .	prices	positive
the food was terrible .	food	negative
love this place !	place	positive
highly recommend her and the salon !	salon	positive
horrible service and mediocre , over-priced food !	service	negative
horrible service and mediocre , over-priced food !	food	negative
i only wish she had called me before choosing this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
very festive feel and great food .	feel	positive
very festive feel and great food .	food	positive
just love visiting this starbucks in the mornings !	starbucks	positive
the staff is always friendly and the food is great .	staff	positive
the staff is always friendly and the food is great .	food	positive
a very pleasant experience with attentive service , perfect margaritas & delicious food .	service	positive
a very pleasant experience with attentive service , perfect margaritas & delicious food .	margaritas	positive
a very pleasant experience with attentive service , perfect margaritas & delicious food .	food	positive
great pizza deals .	pizza deals	positive
food is good every time i have come here .	food	positive
today ( at least at this location ) , i was wrong .	location	negative
the wait staff is friendly , helpful and very attentive .	wait staff	positive
the food was authentic and delicious !	food	positive
great prices and even greater people .	prices	positive
the prices are very reasonable .	prices	positive
the food was excellent and the restaurant had a great wine selection .	food	positive
the food was excellent and the restaurant had a great wine selection .	wine selection	positive
wonderful family owned place .	place	positive
the sound however was not so great .	sound	negative
a pretty solid italian experience .	italian	positive
tasted fresh , not greasy , even though had bacon .	bacon	negative
a great place to stay !	place	positive
what kind of sports bar does n't serve sliders ?	sports bar	negative
what kind of sports bar does n't serve sliders ?	sliders	negative
i work across the street and i am in love with this place !	place	positive
the homemade tortillas were good , not amazing .	homemade tortillas	positive
she said , `` no , this is my space . ''	space	negative
no other patient in the place .	patient	negative
this has been my neighborhood kfc for about _num_ years .	kfc	positive
this was the worst service i have ever had anywhere .	service	negative
you could n't even talk at the table they were so loud .	table	negative
lots of space between tables .	space	positive
lots of space between tables .	tables	negative
delicious soup .	soup	positive
service was slow , and the restaurant did n't seem too busy .	service	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
top notch food .	food	positive
not the first time service has been less than average !	service	negative
excellent service , excellent food , had a wonderful dinner and would absolutely return !	service	positive
excellent service , excellent food , had a wonderful dinner and would absolutely return !	food	positive
excellent service , excellent food , had a wonderful dinner and would absolutely return !	dinner	positive
pleasant staff and very helpful .	staff	positive
to me this is the way customer service is done .	customer service	positive
she said that she would go and find my lost meal .	meal	negative
the best part of the meal though was the rice .	meal	positive
the best part of the meal though was the rice .	rice	positive
i highly recommend trying this place out .	place	positive
i highly recommend minute man cleaners .	minute man cleaners	positive
food was mediocre .	food	negative
excellent service done in a timely manner .	service	positive
fantastic spot .	spot	positive
i enjoyed my seared ahi tuna sandwich immensely .	seared ahi tuna sandwich	positive
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	server	negative
this place is awesome .	place	positive
great pizza .	pizza	positive
the waitress did admit to forgetting his order which her honesty was appreciated .	waitress	positive
i trust my hair stylist alyssa with my hair !	hair	positive
seriously terrible customer service .	customer service	negative
i would have been fine picking my stuff up anytime later .	stuff	positive
the _num_ stars are because it was not a good value .	_num_ stars	negative
the _num_ stars are because it was not a good value .	value	negative
ugh , this place is annoying .	place	negative
the office staff is very friendly and helpful as well .	office staff	positive
i recommend this place and will return for breakfast !	breakfast	positive
i love this resort !	resort	positive
you are a horrible corporate monster .	corporate	negative
the office is nice as well .	office	positive
we will definitely be coming back for our puppy 's care .	puppy	positive
another beer was ordered and did n't show up until we were finished eating .	beer	negative
the store is very clean .	store	positive
the corned beef hash tasted like it came from a can .	corned beef hash	negative
great beers on tap also .	beers on tap	positive
let me start by saying , i did n't pay for my meal .	meal	negative
server 's all very friendly and efficient .	server	positive
the signage was poor .	signage	negative
but other than that i really liked this place and their food and service .	food	positive
but other than that i really liked this place and their food and service .	service	positive
not even mexican food .	mexican food	negative
favorite donut shop !	donut shop	positive
in a restaurant of this caliber no coffee made ?	coffee made	negative
friendly , prompt service .	service	positive
hope they will keep the chew vibe alive !	chew vibe	positive
this is counting my run ins with the tsa .	tsa	positive
the crew of the ship are very friendly and the tour is very relaxing .	crew	positive
the crew of the ship are very friendly and the tour is very relaxing .	tour	positive
great place to stay .	place	positive
in particular , as others have mentioned , the al pastor is fantastic .	al pastor	positive
this place was great .	place	positive
a variety of of sundaes to choose from .	of sundaes	positive
definitely give this office a try , you 'll be pleasantly surprised !	office	positive
when i added the table salsa , it made it worse .	table salsa	negative
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .	food	positive
i love bowling with the family .	bowling	positive
the service was very casual and nice as well .	service	positive
loved the corn beef hash .	corn beef hash	positive
great little store .	store	positive
the waitress asked me if i would like something else .	waitress	positive
price is okay , but you get what you pay for here .	price	positive
great food , nice atmosphere , good service .	food	positive
great food , nice atmosphere , good service .	atmosphere	positive
great food , nice atmosphere , good service .	service	positive
this place rocks !	place	positive
first time going today and i got the new york pastrami .	pastrami	positive
the risotto ( shrimp , scallops , asparagus ) was absolutely delicious .	risotto ( shrimp , scallops , asparagus )	positive
great italian grocery and restaurant !	italian grocery	positive
great italian grocery and restaurant !	restaurant	positive
they will also put new lenses into any pair of frames you bring in .	lenses	negative
they will also put new lenses into any pair of frames you bring in .	frames	positive
terrible meat department , limited selection of produce .	meat department	negative
terrible meat department , limited selection of produce .	selection of produce	negative
very impressed with their knowledge and customer service .	customer service	positive
good service , food and reasonable priced .	service	positive
good service , food and reasonable priced .	food	positive
good service , food and reasonable priced .	priced	positive
great place to meet people during happy hour and great drinks and food .	drinks	positive
great place to meet people during happy hour and great drinks and food .	food	positive
ny pizza at its finest .	pizza	positive
ask for kim , she rocks !	kim	positive
i got a vanilla latte a couple minutes ago : it 's bitter .	vanilla latte	negative
i still love this place .	place	positive
i highly recommend this place !	place	positive
the service is always friendly and the place is clean and tidy .	service	positive
the service is always friendly and the place is clean and tidy .	place	positive
i will hit this place up again .	place	positive
also , staff was really friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
fair pricing , and great attitude in the shop .	pricing	positive
my dog has a fabulous time coming here !	dog	positive
i was really disappointed by how tough the meat was .	meat	negative
chewy , tasteless pieces of bread .	pieces of bread	negative
however we still did n't have our check .	check	negative
the man also did a very sloppy job .	man	negative
clueless staff led by a clueless manager .	staff	negative
clueless staff led by a clueless manager .	manager	negative
the donuts always tastes fresh .	donuts	positive
many of the guests that were there were getting ready to leave .	guests	negative
excellent wings and pizza .	wings	positive
excellent wings and pizza .	pizza	positive
waitresses always friendly and quick .	waitresses	positive
a must see and eat place .	place	positive
the lemon pecan rice and scallops were so good .	lemon pecan rice	positive
the lemon pecan rice and scallops were so good .	scallops	positive
we are extremely pleased with their service and food products .	service	positive
we are extremely pleased with their service and food products .	food products	positive
very tasty and good portions .	portions	positive
the lemon drop , which was recommended by the waitress was horrible .	lemon drop	negative
the lemon drop , which was recommended by the waitress was horrible .	waitress	negative
this place is amazing !	place	positive
what a great hotel .	hotel	positive
every time i 've been here the food has been great .	food	positive
all three are techniques i value .	techniques	positive
nothing , including the cooking techniques , has been updated since then .	cooking techniques	negative
good place to relax and talk with friends .	place	positive
i highly recommend scottsdale vet !	scottsdale	positive
i recently purchased my wedding dress at this location and received exceptional customer service .	wedding dress	positive
i recently purchased my wedding dress at this location and received exceptional customer service .	customer service	positive
worse than starbucks !	starbucks	negative
great blue cheese dressing .	blue cheese dressing	positive
i think my favorite part about this place is the hidden entrance .	entrance	positive
it is expensive and romantic definitely more of a special occasion spot .	spot	negative
i highly recommend and will definitely use this business again !	business	positive
we order the beer sample which did n't require those types of glasses .	beer sample	positive
this is my favorite place to bowl !	place	positive
also have had the antipasto salad and it is huge !	antipasto salad	positive
we love going here with the family .	family	positive
cold , no flavor , runny cheese sauce and hardly any chicken .	flavor	negative
cold , no flavor , runny cheese sauce and hardly any chicken .	cheese sauce	negative
cold , no flavor , runny cheese sauce and hardly any chicken .	chicken	negative
i was so scared we rushed out the park and went to urgent care .	park	negative
i highly recommend this resort for its unique setting and very relaxed atmosphere .	setting	positive
i highly recommend this resort for its unique setting and very relaxed atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
this year , we chose cowboy ciao .	cowboy ciao	positive
the soda and condiment station is completely dirty almost gross .	soda and condiment station	negative
cooks in the back look really weird and the place is a mess .	cooks	negative
cooks in the back look really weird and the place is a mess .	place	negative
waited - over _num_ minutes ... after a reservations was made .	waited	negative
waited - over _num_ minutes ... after a reservations was made .	reservations	negative
excellent food !	food	positive
what a nice touch !	touch	positive
this place had a lot of cool stuff , inside and out !	place	positive
this place had a lot of cool stuff , inside and out !	stuff	positive
no wonder this place is always so empty !	place	negative
if this is italian , dominos is pizza .	dominos	positive
if this is italian , dominos is pizza .	pizza	positive
keep up the good stuff .	stuff	positive
we split a few tiramisu for dessert and they were delicious .	tiramisu	positive
we split a few tiramisu for dessert and they were delicious .	dessert	positive
always good food and great service : ) taylor is amazing !	food	positive
always good food and great service : ) taylor is amazing !	service	positive
management were slow on their end when you need help with anything .	management	negative
if there was a negative star , that 's what this facility would get !	facility	negative
i have been going here since well before it moved to the new location .	location	positive
we are very picky with our food and restaurants .	food	positive
we are very picky with our food and restaurants .	restaurants	positive
best margarita !	margarita	positive
sorry but not many people have that kind of money just laying around .	money	negative
not _num_ mins later they delivered my pizza perfectly hot and tasty !	pizza	positive
they all appear to hate their job .	job	negative
canine preferred is fantastic .	canine preferred	positive
this store has great customer service .	customer service	positive
great customer service guys , great job !	customer service guys	positive
i just had the most amazing new mexico styled dinner at carlsbad tavern .	new mexico	positive
i just had the most amazing new mexico styled dinner at carlsbad tavern .	dinner	positive
this is truly a gourmet market .	gourmet market	positive
avoid at all costs should really be _num_ stars .	costs	negative
old owner and staff very friendly .	owner	positive
old owner and staff very friendly .	staff	positive
i was disappointed when my meal did not come with sauces .	meal	negative
i was disappointed when my meal did not come with sauces .	sauces	negative
the place is a bit hidden but that 's what i liked about it .	place	negative
great home cooked food .	home cooked food	positive
the complimentary cheese tortillas when we were seated were also quite the treat !	cheese tortillas	positive
the amenities are generous and attentive to detail .	amenities	positive
i loved this place .	place	positive
clean , beautifully kept hotel in a fantastic old town location .	hotel	positive
clean , beautifully kept hotel in a fantastic old town location .	location	positive
when i got home the food was awful .	food	negative
this is the best indian food place i have ever been .	indian food place	positive
my experience with this hall was terrible !	hall	negative
also liked the helpful staff .	staff	positive
great ambiance !	ambiance	positive
this location is really awesome some times and other times it 's pretty lousy .	location	positive
very bland cardboard .	cardboard	negative
the staff were all very friendly , helpful and well mannered .	staff	positive
it 's your typical divey hipster bar inside but the beer selection quite sophisticated .	bar	positive
it 's your typical divey hipster bar inside but the beer selection quite sophisticated .	beer selection	positive
what a great neighborhood bar .	neighborhood bar	positive
great work in a very quick time frame !	time frame	positive
only gave two stars for the ease of scheduling .	scheduling	positive
oh and the views are amazing you can get some very nice pictures here .	views	positive
oh and the views are amazing you can get some very nice pictures here .	pictures	positive
love the waffles and fruit .	waffles and fruit	positive
some would say that i should have demanded a different room .	room	negative
usually our go to spot for sunday football .	sunday football	positive
not very good customer service in my opinion .	customer service	negative
the best part ?	part	positive
great customer service , fantastic food , and they deliver !	customer service	positive
great customer service , fantastic food , and they deliver !	food	positive
i will never step foot in walmart again !	walmart	positive
and the potatoes were slightly undercooked and not hot .	potatoes	negative
we ordered several dishes including the dumplings , seafood , and noodles .	dishes	positive
we ordered several dishes including the dumplings , seafood , and noodles .	dumplings	positive
we ordered several dishes including the dumplings , seafood , and noodles .	seafood	positive
we ordered several dishes including the dumplings , seafood , and noodles .	noodles	positive
by that time my guests knew there was an issue with the food .	food	negative
if you want to try the food , forget delivery .	food	positive
super friendly and educated on all the menu items !	menu items	positive
we 'll definitely recommend and return to this location for future purchases .	location	positive
we 'll definitely recommend and return to this location for future purchases .	purchases	positive
terrible , the car was left scratches on the interior of my car .	car	negative
the lunch portion was pretty big and the soup was easily enough for two .	lunch portion	positive
the lunch portion was pretty big and the soup was easily enough for two .	soup	positive
the spa is well designed and everyone was very friendly .	spa	positive
i highly recommend eating here !	eating	positive
even delivery was fantastic !	delivery	positive
great place to get tires !	tires	positive
chips were fresh and salsas were tasty .	chips	positive
chips were fresh and salsas were tasty .	salsas	positive
their style is very pei wei .	style	positive
you will be helped and welcomed into very good care .	care	positive
i would not recommend purchasing a vehicle here .	vehicle	negative
best place in phoenix !	place	positive
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	prices	negative
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .	service	positive
found this place on our recent trip to scottsdale .	place	positive
horrible omg check out this leg ?	omg	negative
horrible omg check out this leg ?	leg	negative
this place lacks so much .	place	negative
price is fair for what you get .	price	positive
best kimchee selection we 've found in phoenix .	kimchee selection	positive
drinks were very good and the meal was huge .	drinks	positive
drinks were very good and the meal was huge .	meal	positive
this place saw me coming a mile away .	place	positive
the staff was really nice !	staff	positive
definitely worth the trip and will be back !	trip	positive
seems i always crave the sol on mondays .	sol	positive
we 've been here to play miniature golf multiple times .	miniature golf	positive
razz will bring you amazing dishes until you say stop .	dishes	positive
would never come back to this park again .	park	negative
rude , rude , rude , how does this place stay in business .	place	negative
amazing view .	view	positive
in case of fire in the main room i think you 're screwed .	fire	negative
in case of fire in the main room i think you 're screwed .	main room	negative
water works for me !	water	positive
clearly they need some staff training on customer service .	staff	negative
clearly they need some staff training on customer service .	customer service	negative
something the menu stated would be a $ _num_ upgrade -- fine by me .	menu	positive
place is hopping and still the service is top-notch .	place	positive
place is hopping and still the service is top-notch .	service	positive
i do n't know why but chandler is really hurting for great mexican food .	mexican food	positive
friendly and fast drive-thru , great tortillas and flavorful pulled chicken .	drive-thru	positive
friendly and fast drive-thru , great tortillas and flavorful pulled chicken .	tortillas	positive
friendly and fast drive-thru , great tortillas and flavorful pulled chicken .	pulled chicken	positive
the girl who answered the phone was very professional and did a great job .	girl	positive
not only rude but seriously , the slowest service ever !	service	negative
the theater inside is exactly like being at a rave in an abandoned warehouse .	theater inside	negative
another week later he replaced our filter .	filter	negative
pizza was amazing !	pizza	positive
boyfriend 's oatmeal was cold .	oatmeal	negative
ordered a large margarita , which was okay , nothing phenomenal .	margarita	positive
the service was also friendly and fast .	service	positive
definitely one of my favorites to head to for a good lunchtime meal .	lunchtime meal	positive
the food is also amazing !	food	positive
best cornbread you 'll ever have !	cornbread	positive
i love the meatball sub .	meatball sub	positive
waitress can recommend the best things to order .	waitress	positive
so i printed my receipts and took them to the counter .	counter	negative
excellent food at reasonable prices .	food	positive
excellent food at reasonable prices .	prices	positive
really makes my shipping and receiving much easier .	shipping	negative
the lamb dish is pretty good but not the best in town .	lamb dish	positive
every food plate that chef razz makes is unique and delicious .	food plate	positive
this is the best beer selection in scottsdale hands down !	beer selection	positive
very cute store for unique gifts .	gifts	positive
i 've been eating at this place for months , and they never disappoint .	place	positive
the front office lied about moving out fees and sent me to collections .	front office	negative
the front office lied about moving out fees and sent me to collections .	fees	negative
also we had n't even gotten our check yet !	check	negative
not much room so do n't bring too many with you .	room	negative
this place is run with love and it comes out in their food .	place	positive
this place is run with love and it comes out in their food .	food	positive
love this place .	place	positive
the owner phil and everyone is so wonderful , accommodating , friendly and funny .	owner	positive
even little cesar 's gives free crushed peppers .	cesar 's	positive
even little cesar 's gives free crushed peppers .	crushed peppers	positive
good food and amazing view .	food	positive
good food and amazing view .	view	positive
`` unique food with great flare . ''	food	positive
great atmosphere , great steak .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere , great steak .	steak	positive
we will return to the flaming kabob from now on .	flaming kabob	positive
will probably not return to los olivos ... .	los olivos	negative
this is a sweet little spot in a strip mall .	spot	positive
the staff was always very attentive and friendly .	staff	positive
the food is well worth the wait .	food	positive
the food is well worth the wait .	wait	positive
the food is always great and for the price , ca n't beat that .	food	positive
the food is always great and for the price , ca n't beat that .	price	positive
the food was absolutely wonderful !	food	positive
beer was cold !	beer	negative
we had a great workout and will be back .	workout	positive
no deserts .	deserts	positive
sushi is world class .	sushi	positive
great atmosphere and even better food .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and even better food .	food	positive
best mexican food in old town for sure .	mexican food	positive
the ice cream here is fairly priced and extremely tasty .	ice cream	positive
the ice cream here is fairly priced and extremely tasty .	priced	positive
mashed potatoes came out dry as all hell no manager in the building ... .	mashed potatoes	negative
mashed potatoes came out dry as all hell no manager in the building ... .	manager	negative
great people .	people	positive
i enjoyed the short ribs which were tender , delicious and perfectly cooked .	ribs	positive
your coconut curry was so plain and flavorless !	coconut curry	negative
that was $ _num_ per glass of iced tea .	glass of iced tea	positive
got a winner on that one .	winner	positive
go there get drunk enjoy the people .	people	positive
it 's a nice place to celebrate an anniversary .	place	positive
this is where i would eat if i hated chinese food .	chinese food	negative
more black leaves then green leaves .	leaves	negative
more black leaves then green leaves .	leaves	negative
we tried four dishes and the were all delicious .	dishes	positive
it is truly refreshing to see a smaller shop constantly be so busy .	shop	positive
great staff .	staff	positive
unfortunately the pizza was not edible .	pizza	negative
not a big fan of the atmosphere , though .	atmosphere	negative
omelets are really good and pretty large .	omelets	positive
good food and affordable drinks and a decent amount of tvs .	food	positive
good food and affordable drinks and a decent amount of tvs .	drinks	positive
good food and affordable drinks and a decent amount of tvs .	tvs	positive
the place was kinda busy , several people getting mani/pedi 's .	place	negative
the place was kinda busy , several people getting mani/pedi 's .	mani/pedi	negative
beautiful , large patio , excellent service , and great food .	patio	positive
beautiful , large patio , excellent service , and great food .	service	positive
beautiful , large patio , excellent service , and great food .	food	positive
it was like complete rubber .	rubber	negative
check it out if you are looking for tasty mexican food and drinks !	mexican food	positive
the employees do n't care and the wait is soooo long !	employees	negative
the employees do n't care and the wait is soooo long !	wait	negative
she is an amazing hair surgeon .	hair surgeon	positive
great food at a reasonable price , and it will fill you up !	food	positive
great food at a reasonable price , and it will fill you up !	price	positive
and the staff is extremely friendly .	staff	positive
i received a bill for _num_ dollars .	bill	positive
overall not a tasty plate at all .	plate	negative
i do n't know how this place got the reviews it did .	place	negative
the owner ... tim i think , very nice guy !	owner	positive
however , the room smelled old and musty .	room	negative
do n't stop in for the food .	food	negative
the cooks do n't really know what they 're doing either .	cooks	negative
great food , great wine , and great dessert .	food	positive
great food , great wine , and great dessert .	wine	positive
great food , great wine , and great dessert .	dessert	positive
i ca n't believe that they call themselves a hospital .	hospital	negative
this was the best new york style bagel place anywhere in the east valley .	bagel	positive
what a beautiful venue !	venue	positive
i love the service here too , they are always friendly .	service	positive
great atmosphere to get some friends together .	atmosphere	positive
i just think it is unorganized and confusing to have five different waiters .	waiters	negative
* knowledgable , quality , friendly & overall fantastic customer service !	quality	positive
* knowledgable , quality , friendly & overall fantastic customer service !	customer service	positive
i 'm glad i found this place .	place	positive
we 'll remove you from our list as quickly as possible .	list	negative
great resort !	resort	positive
loved the melted cheese , would have made the perfect nachos .	melted cheese	positive
loved the melted cheese , would have made the perfect nachos .	nachos	positive
great place to go to for all tire related issues .	tire	positive
how do you mess up refried beans ?	refried beans	negative
we ordered a large salad for _num_ to split with dressing on the side .	salad for	positive
we ordered a large salad for _num_ to split with dressing on the side .	dressing	negative
this pizza is quality hangover protection .	pizza	positive
the ratings and reviews on yelp raised my expectations for this place .	ratings	positive
the ratings and reviews on yelp raised my expectations for this place .	reviews	positive
the ratings and reviews on yelp raised my expectations for this place .	place	positive
( we are from seattle where nobody cares what you wear to dinner ! )	dinner	negative
avoid this place if you can help it .	place	negative
a good company with great mechanics !	mechanics	positive
they are a great value !	value	positive
i would n't say this is my favorite place to go out .	place	positive
occasionally , the chicken arrives overcooked and dry .	chicken	negative
gym is excellent .	gym	positive
i ordered the fish tacos , and they were so delicious .	fish tacos	positive
food excellent .	food	positive
this place is cool .	place	positive
the wait was a little long , but it was definitely worth it !	wait	negative
the foods good but the servers are terrible .	foods	positive
the foods good but the servers are terrible .	servers	negative
not crowded , no wait for a table .	wait for a table	negative
the food was amazing and staff was very helpful .	food	positive
the food was amazing and staff was very helpful .	staff	positive
the hotel does not have room service or in room movies to rent .	room service	negative
the hotel does not have room service or in room movies to rent .	room movies	negative
the water pressure in the shower was horrible and the water was extremely hot .	water pressure	negative
ra should be embarrassed by this location .	ra	negative
ra should be embarrassed by this location .	location	negative
this review is for the service dept .	service dept	positive
their cheese steak sandwich is also great .	cheese steak sandwich	positive
wow , i am in love with this place !	place	positive
some people came _num_ minutes behind us was getting their foods before our noodle .	foods	negative
some people came _num_ minutes behind us was getting their foods before our noodle .	noodle	negative
so anyway , i took my little puppy there .	puppy	positive
my husband got the chicken piccata and it was awful .	chicken piccata	negative
pancakes the worst i 've ever had .	pancakes	negative
a co-worker had a pizza and it was great .	pizza	positive
the service was great the whole time we were there .	service	positive
the bathroom situation was insane , especially for the women .	bathroom situation	negative
the bathroom situation was insane , especially for the women .	women	negative
this physician was highly recommended to me by more than one person .	physician	positive
i really enjoy the flannel style of hash .	flannel style of hash	positive
a very badly designed residential complex .	residential complex	negative
the margaritas were the best i 've had .	margaritas	positive
decided in the morning , i want this car i will do it .	car	positive
i just love this place .	place	positive
great spot !	spot	positive
rick is professional and thorough with his work .	rick	positive
now , no ice .	ice	negative
the service was great and the wine selection was huge !	service	positive
the service was great and the wine selection was huge !	wine selection	positive
we were seated quickly and our server liz was fantastic !	server liz	positive
i was really impressed with the quality of service and the price .	quality of service	positive
i was really impressed with the quality of service and the price .	price	positive
best chinese i 've found in the scottsdale area !	chinese	positive
i was out the door for $ _num_ and the glass fit perfectly .	glass	positive
not only were the entrees horrible the appetizers and desserts were equally bad .	entrees	negative
not only were the entrees horrible the appetizers and desserts were equally bad .	appetizers	negative
not only were the entrees horrible the appetizers and desserts were equally bad .	desserts	negative
grounds are beautiful .	grounds	positive
i will definitely return , especially when rock lobster is playing .	rock lobster	positive
the building itself is pretty up to date too .	building	positive
sandwich was so good !	sandwich	positive
great customer service !	customer service	positive
great food at a great price .	food	positive
great food at a great price .	price	positive
i would never reccomend mark kia to anyone , ever .	mark kia	positive
the best wings in town .	wings	positive
the fourth was forgotten entirely .	fourth	negative
omg and that is no exaggeration .	omg	positive
the service was excellent .	service	positive
the guys are all great and their food is to die for .	guys	positive
the guys are all great and their food is to die for .	food	positive
the police department was n't any better .	police department	negative
commercial dentistry with no heart .	dentistry	positive
so happy i stumbled upon this place !	place	positive
in conclusion , this place is overpriced with limited options .	place	negative
in conclusion , this place is overpriced with limited options .	options	negative
and , the staff are very friendly and accommodating .	staff	positive
great prices , selection , and service .	prices	positive
great prices , selection , and service .	selection	positive
great prices , selection , and service .	service	positive
the decor is gorgeous and it is n't too loud inside .	decor	positive
there was absolutely no difference in the flavor between the _num_ bowls .	flavor	negative
this food is reliable and quick and you know it will be enjoyable .	food	positive
i was there early in the morning - more employees than customers .	employees	negative
i was there early in the morning - more employees than customers .	customers	negative
people never wipe them down .	people	positive
i liked this place .	place	positive
i had the classic stromboli .	stromboli	positive
i recommend the caprese salad and any of their sandwiches .	caprese salad	positive
i recommend the caprese salad and any of their sandwiches .	sandwiches	positive
the back patio has a great atmosphere !	back patio	positive
the back patio has a great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
your car is going to get towed .	car	negative
picture perfect pizza 's !	pizza	positive
the office and exam rooms are clean and airy as well .	office	positive
the office and exam rooms are clean and airy as well .	exam rooms	positive
meh , was stuck in hotel and needed delivery .	delivery	negative
so many beautiful woman was working when we went .	woman	positive
still pretty good for az .	az	positive
my pool is never right .	pool	positive
the salsa was tasteless , the salmon was gross and the ribs were worse .	salsa	negative
the salsa was tasteless , the salmon was gross and the ribs were worse .	salmon	negative
the salsa was tasteless , the salmon was gross and the ribs were worse .	ribs	negative
the property definitely need a make over , it looked so outdated .	property	negative
do not waste your money here on a meal .	money	positive
do not waste your money here on a meal .	meal	negative
the food made at the grill inside is amazing !	food	positive
the az restaurant specials were a great deal to take advantage of .	az restaurant specials	positive
the staff was very friendly and even joked around with us .	staff	positive
coffee is always fresh , donuts and bfast foods always plentiful and fresh .	coffee	positive
coffee is always fresh , donuts and bfast foods always plentiful and fresh .	donuts	positive
coffee is always fresh , donuts and bfast foods always plentiful and fresh .	bfast foods	positive
i would highly recommend this groomer !	groomer	positive
have to pay for chips .	chips	negative
worst customer service in the pharmacy department ever .	customer service	negative
worst customer service in the pharmacy department ever .	pharmacy department	negative
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
amazing food and deserts no matter what is ordered .	food	positive
amazing food and deserts no matter what is ordered .	deserts	positive
chimichanga wasnt that bad .	chimichanga	negative
thanks , the brake shop !	brake shop	positive
this place rocks .	place	positive
maintenance is required monthly .	maintenance	negative
what a wonderful hotel !	hotel	positive
she does n't need a bath .	bath	negative
they have a great lunch special that has tons of food for $ _num_ .	lunch special	positive
they have a great lunch special that has tons of food for $ _num_ .	food	positive
the inside of the restaurant felt sleazy and i definitely would not return here .	inside	negative
becky is amazing .	becky	positive
server was a bit pushy , but i would n't say rude .	server	negative
we had an excellent experience with keith and laura , the nurse practitioner .	nurse	positive
bob & minute man cleaners are `` amazing '' !	minute man cleaners	positive
i definitely recommend this place !	place	positive
they are totally disorganized and only care about the new ac unit .	ac unit	negative
always had great service and yummy food .	service	positive
always had great service and yummy food .	food	positive
whether it 's for the grocery aspect or the restaurant , it is delicious !	grocery aspect	positive
the waitstaff are friendly and service is good and food quality is good .	waitstaff	positive
the waitstaff are friendly and service is good and food quality is good .	service	positive
the waitstaff are friendly and service is good and food quality is good .	food quality	positive
i had an excellent dinner in the outdoor restaurant .	dinner	positive
i had an excellent dinner in the outdoor restaurant .	outdoor	positive
highly recommend this awesome joint !	joint	positive
great family owned water store .	water store	positive
love these guys !	guys	positive
stay away from and find a street cart , seriously .	street cart	negative
god bless dairy queen .	dairy queen	positive
staff is better than ever !	staff	positive
it takes a little effort , but the results were spectacular .	results	positive
thank you so much for my beautiful dress !	dress	positive
the server seemed overwhelmed despite there was only about _num_ occupied tables .	server	negative
the server seemed overwhelmed despite there was only about _num_ occupied tables .	tables	negative
buca is fun for a chain .	buca	positive
buca is fun for a chain .	chain	positive
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	food	negative
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	service	negative
a well oiled operation with amazing timing on delivering the courses hot and delicious .	courses	positive
the sandwiches are great , pizza is good , and they sell wine .	sandwiches	positive
the sandwiches are great , pizza is good , and they sell wine .	pizza	positive
the sandwiches are great , pizza is good , and they sell wine .	wine	positive
we really enjoyed our stay and appreciated the extra amenities .	stay	positive
we really enjoyed our stay and appreciated the extra amenities .	amenities	positive
i give it _num_ stars because the decor is off the hook !	decor	positive
i was embarrassed after having taken out of town visitors to this place .	place	negative
my friend said his beer was ok , so one star .	beer	negative
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .	mexican food	positive
also , no air conditioning during our stay .	air conditioning	negative
this place is awesome !	place	positive
my towels were dirty with brown spots all over it .	towels	negative
shame shame shame .	shame shame	negative
food was good , hot and tons of it !	food	positive
we are wine drinkers and gave up on bottles .	wine drinkers	negative
we are wine drinkers and gave up on bottles .	bottles	negative
i love this place , best chicken mole ever !	place	positive
i love this place , best chicken mole ever !	chicken mole	positive
produce looked like trash .	produce	negative
never ever going back there , total crooks !	crooks	positive
great place to take guests if you 're not sure what they like .	place	positive
the spacious patio area is great .	spacious patio area	positive
this restaurant is quality in every aspect !	restaurant	positive
this restaurant is quality in every aspect !	quality	positive
i 've tried a lot of dishes here too .	dishes	positive
once the laugh factory opens in scottsdale , i 'll take my business there .	laugh factory	positive
not worth the price .	price	negative
no sense of urgency or customer service .	customer service	negative
great bar food , great staff , and great music was playing .	bar food	positive
great bar food , great staff , and great music was playing .	staff	positive
great bar food , great staff , and great music was playing .	music	positive
the tortilla was really fresh which was a nice surprise !	tortilla	positive
love , love , love this place !	place	positive
fries were nice and hot .	fries	positive
got what i needed , price was good .	price	positive
i was surprised that their lunch menu was everyday .	lunch menu	positive
best on in the chandler area .	chandler area	positive
my first apartment and its a nightmare .	apartment	negative
this was probably the best place we have found so far .	place	positive
what a treat !	treat	positive
waitress discounted are bill _num_ % for the inconvenience .	waitress	negative
waitress discounted are bill _num_ % for the inconvenience .	bill	negative
they have great margaritas and menu .	margaritas	positive
they have great margaritas and menu .	menu	positive
what do you expect from an entirely baked work force .	work force	negative
staff is very helpful .	staff	positive
great company !	company	positive
responded today to a groupon and denise cut and styled my hair .	groupon	positive
this dish the noodles are literally almost a soup .	dish	negative
this dish the noodles are literally almost a soup .	noodles	negative
this dish the noodles are literally almost a soup .	soup	negative
this place sucks .	place	negative
one girl had a huge rat on her shoulder and it was beyond disgusting .	rat	negative
healthy gourmet food in the prettiest setting in all of az .	gourmet food	positive
healthy gourmet food in the prettiest setting in all of az .	setting	positive
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	room	negative
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	smoke	negative
food was wonderful !	food	positive
very happy with the result .	result	positive
the waiter even was nice to take pictures of us !	waiter	positive
dead duck in pond on # _num_ had not been removed .	dead duck in pond on # _num_	positive
she was a crappy waitress and the food was less than average .	waitress	negative
she was a crappy waitress and the food was less than average .	food	negative
damn that green flannel is great .	green flannel	positive
we had an amazing dining experience .	dining experience	positive
great menu and great prices !	menu	positive
great menu and great prices !	prices	positive
they took great care of my car .	car	positive
great dive bar , small and dark , good people and good times !	dive bar	positive
great dive bar , small and dark , good people and good times !	people	positive
the meat is freshly sliced , and the bread is super soft !	meat	positive
the meat is freshly sliced , and the bread is super soft !	bread	positive
this is a great place to get an eye exam .	eye exam	positive
great , friendly service with faster than quoted turn around time .	service	positive
the soft shell crab tempura is delicate and crisp .	shell crab tempura	positive
no stars is what in want to give .	stars	negative
great staff .	staff	positive
was he thinking that we were not going to get any food ?	food	negative
the building is old and the bathrooms are disgusting and falling apart .	building	negative
the building is old and the bathrooms are disgusting and falling apart .	bathrooms	negative
good food great atmosphere .	food	positive
good food great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
it was out of toilet paper but there was soap and paper towels .	toilet paper	negative
it was out of toilet paper but there was soap and paper towels .	soap	negative
it was out of toilet paper but there was soap and paper towels .	paper towels	negative
like sticky dough , uncooked .	dough	negative
also pretty affordable compared to other boarding companies .	boarding	positive
they even put in fresh gas .	gas	negative
great spot if you like comedy acts .	spot	positive
wait staff was very attentive and super friendly .	wait staff	positive
the strips are also very good .	strips	positive
the calamari was sooo tender and i loved the batter on it .	calamari	positive
the calamari was sooo tender and i loved the batter on it .	batter	positive
love this place !	place	positive
that comes with the smaller location though .	location	negative
food and service were both great .	food	positive
food and service were both great .	service	positive
nice tropical bar and good happy hour specials .	tropical bar	positive
killer food and the help is always super nice .	food	positive
killer food and the help is always super nice .	help	positive
the garlic chicken is good too .	garlic chicken	positive
great food , great service and great ambiance outside .	food	positive
great food , great service and great ambiance outside .	service	positive
great food , great service and great ambiance outside .	ambiance	positive
the sauce was watery and flavorless .	sauce	negative
good group restaurant spot !	spot	positive
food was not good at all .	food	negative
very friendly service .	service	positive
this place deserves to go out of business .	place	positive
i understand this is n't her fault , but the restaurants .	restaurants	negative
great food - great service !	food	positive
great food - great service !	service	positive
will definitly frequent this place .	place	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
swing by for great food .	food	positive
i rather pay a little more for a better quality .	quality	negative
i know they were going through $ $ issues but this place was horrible .	place	negative
i has the brisket dish and it was pretty good .	brisket dish	positive
my iced tea was never refilled .	iced tea	negative
ps : expect slower service , because it is truly mom and pop .	service	negative
he will explain his treatment plan and you take it from there .	treatment plan	positive
the food is excellent , the prices are decent and the atmosphere is great .	food	positive
the food is excellent , the prices are decent and the atmosphere is great .	prices	positive
the food is excellent , the prices are decent and the atmosphere is great .	atmosphere	positive
the service was great .	service	positive
service is good .	service	positive
best curry i 've had since i 've been in az .	curry	positive
they also have great drinks .	drinks	positive
the food is memorable , the ambiance interesting and the people watching phenomenal .	food	positive
the food is memorable , the ambiance interesting and the people watching phenomenal .	ambiance	positive
the food is memorable , the ambiance interesting and the people watching phenomenal .	people	positive
never been inside but drive through service is just fine .	service	positive
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .	everyone	positive
this is a great low key bar that 's offers good drink specials .	bar	positive
this is a great low key bar that 's offers good drink specials .	drink specials	positive
and did i mention the food is amazing !	food	positive
fast , with a smile and the best pricing you can find on diamonds .	pricing	positive
fast , with a smile and the best pricing you can find on diamonds .	diamonds	positive
the wings are pretty good .	wings	positive
the customer service in the pro shop is terrible .	customer service	negative
they hit all the right notes .	notes	positive
fantastic place i had a wonderful time .	place	positive
awesome cookies !	cookies	positive
my favorite subway so far !	subway	positive
this is one of my favorite restaurants !	restaurants	positive
prices are decent but worth the experience .	prices	positive
this was one weird meal .	meal	negative
salads are $ $ but clever and abundant .	salads	positive
all of the men are so nice and helpful !	men	positive
great deli and grocery .	deli	positive
great deli and grocery .	grocery	positive
the stetson chopped salad is delicious and a perfect portion .	stetson chopped salad	positive
the stetson chopped salad is delicious and a perfect portion .	portion	positive
our favorite dennys .	dennys	positive
not even a cup of coffee !	cup of coffee	negative
amazing management amazing employees everybody is so happy and genuine .	management	positive
amazing management amazing employees everybody is so happy and genuine .	employees	positive
the pizzas and wings were oven hot and the best flavor ever .	pizzas	positive
the pizzas and wings were oven hot and the best flavor ever .	wings	positive
the pizzas and wings were oven hot and the best flavor ever .	flavor	positive
elmer 's is our family 's favorite !	elmer	positive
our first time here after a long but great day at the ball park .	ball park	positive
the gentlemen , angel , was so nice and was totally welcoming .	gentlemen	positive
the gentlemen , angel , was so nice and was totally welcoming .	angel	positive
amazing food .	food	positive
we really enjoyed our sandwiches and recommend both the food and the service .	sandwiches	positive
we really enjoyed our sandwiches and recommend both the food and the service .	food	positive
we really enjoyed our sandwiches and recommend both the food and the service .	service	positive
the wine list wonderful .	wine list	positive
picked lunch up for the office and everyone was impressed !	lunch	positive
picked lunch up for the office and everyone was impressed !	office	positive
this is the worst panda express location there is !	panda express location	negative
complaints aside , the place was n't a total wash .	place	negative
they have great sliders too !	sliders	positive
wo n't come back to this starbucks location .	starbucks location	negative
service is good and friendly .	service	positive
excellent , comprehensive service .	service	positive
there goes my $ _num_ .	$	positive
i will definitely frequent sushi kee as should all .	sushi kee	positive
love this place !	place	positive
not even real brown sauce .	brown sauce	negative
great food at a very excellent price !	food	positive
great food at a very excellent price !	price	positive
the food was delicious , and the restaurant was clean .	food	positive
the rice was exactly room temperature .	rice	positive
based on their silly little policy , i guess this would make sense .	policy	negative
the food is terrible .	food	negative
gourmet chinese food would be $ _num_ for one entree plus tax and tip .	chinese food	positive
gourmet chinese food would be $ _num_ for one entree plus tax and tip .	entree	positive
gourmet chinese food would be $ _num_ for one entree plus tax and tip .	tax	positive
gourmet chinese food would be $ _num_ for one entree plus tax and tip .	tip	positive
the burgers are exceptional .	burgers	positive
this is the best pizza in mesa .	pizza	positive
service was good , food was good , atmosphere was good .	service	positive
service was good , food was good , atmosphere was good .	food	positive
service was good , food was good , atmosphere was good .	atmosphere	positive
this location has been closed for months .	location	negative
the food here is outstanding .	food	positive
your specials are atrocious .	specials	negative
i 've stayed a few times and love the location .	location	positive
ordered the carne adovada ... bland , dry , and boring .	carne adovada	negative
she clearly was not interested in helping a returning customer .	customer	negative
great pork fried rice and fried shrimp !	pork fried rice and fried shrimp	positive
honestly my girlfriend and i favorite place .	place	positive
i do n't really care for avenue 's clothes .	clothes	negative
it 's a nice personal touch that starts off the night right .	personal	positive
we asked numerous times for ketchup and she kept forgetting .	ketchup	negative
rent at your own risk .	rent	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
the kids meal comes with a small soft serve cone in vanilla or rootbeer .	kids meal	positive
the kids meal comes with a small soft serve cone in vanilla or rootbeer .	soft serve cone in vanilla	positive
the kids meal comes with a small soft serve cone in vanilla or rootbeer .	rootbeer	positive
the mechanics are so knowledgable and fair .	mechanics	positive
overall , we liked this place a lot and the lunch prices were great .	lunch prices	positive
this place really knows what they are doing .	place	positive
i got `` the bird '' .	bird	positive
the bar is nice also if you want to catch a game .	bar	positive
the bar is nice also if you want to catch a game .	game	positive
service is good for a quick food place .	service	positive
service is good for a quick food place .	food place	positive
i despise going to this walgreens .	walgreens	negative
service fantastic and the atmosphere is so authentic and southwestern .	service	positive
service fantastic and the atmosphere is so authentic and southwestern .	atmosphere	positive
the owner was incredibly rude to me .	owner	negative
complimentary happy hour - and the beers are on tap !	beers	positive
really good tacos !	tacos	positive
the staff is awesome the food is great .	staff	positive
the staff is awesome the food is great .	food	positive
also bring a cell phone and most importantly , `` your own tube '' !	cell phone	positive
also bring a cell phone and most importantly , `` your own tube '' !	tube	positive
no firearms .	firearms	negative
this wine bar has an attentive staff and very romantic setting .	wine bar	positive
this wine bar has an attentive staff and very romantic setting .	staff	positive
this wine bar has an attentive staff and very romantic setting .	setting	positive
the check-in process seems overly complicated .	check-in process	negative
i was in town for a wedding and came here for lunch .	lunch	positive
i would highly recommend this shop .	shop	positive
had a touch of heat , but you also need the sour .	sour	positive
great place .	place	positive
all this while the tables surrounding were served and cleared .	tables surrounding	negative
all this while the tables surrounding were served and cleared .	served	negative
slow at the register .	register	negative
besides all this their prices are n't the best around .	prices	negative
great beer , great food , and usually the service is great .	beer	positive
great beer , great food , and usually the service is great .	food	positive
great beer , great food , and usually the service is great .	service	positive
karaoke is so much fun and the crowd is always super friendly .	karaoke	positive
karaoke is so much fun and the crowd is always super friendly .	crowd	positive
`` you grab their little legs and pull . ''	legs	negative
she brought me gf tortillas but it was too late .	gf tortillas	negative
great flavor and lots of spice .	flavor	positive
great flavor and lots of spice .	spice	positive
very polite people and a cool environment .	people	positive
very polite people and a cool environment .	environment	positive
great service !	service	positive
pita chips were burnt .	pita chips	negative
great food and great service .	food	positive
great food and great service .	service	positive
very good bagel and coffee .	bagel and coffee	positive
i have had a fantastic meal every single time without fail .	meal	positive
very good seafood !	seafood	positive
best pizza that has ever ever ever touched my lips !	pizza	positive
perfect amount of food and the bill was more than reasonable .	food	positive
perfect amount of food and the bill was more than reasonable .	bill	positive
love this place !	place	positive
when you ask for extra meat , they give it to you !	meat	negative
nick 's is a great little neighborhood spot !	spot	positive
there 's often a wait but good things are worth waiting for .	wait	negative
our room was updated and very comfortable .	room	positive
what a great bar !	bar	positive
and my stomach was upset for about four hours after i ate it .	stomach	negative
and it was a very fair price .	price	positive
garbage .	garbage	negative
he seemed annoyed when we asked questions and rushed through the specials .	specials	negative
the atmosphere at night is so special .	atmosphere	positive
lisa has been great !	lisa	positive
i ordered something that is n't on the on-line menu .	menu	negative
i admit my son 's ages _num_ and _num_ were a little noisy .	_num_	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
nonetheless it was a good time .	time	positive
one of my favorite breakfast spots in arizona !	breakfast spots	positive
the ambience is dark and relaxing .	ambience	positive
but cool fountain and we enjoyed dining in the courtyard under the pretty lights !	fountain	positive
but cool fountain and we enjoyed dining in the courtyard under the pretty lights !	dining	positive
but cool fountain and we enjoyed dining in the courtyard under the pretty lights !	courtyard	positive
but cool fountain and we enjoyed dining in the courtyard under the pretty lights !	lights	positive
_num_ ) sales staff is extremely pushy .	sales staff	negative
great salespeople !	salespeople	positive
place is a rip off !	place	positive
my new favorite place in phoenix !	place	positive
apparently the elderly like gross food .	food	negative
very clean inside will be back for sure .	inside	positive
the owner is terrific .	owner	positive
four of us asked the waitress to bring us their most popular dishes .	waitress	positive
four of us asked the waitress to bring us their most popular dishes .	dishes	positive
the service is outrageously bad .	service	negative
horrible customer service !	customer service	negative
great food , super friendly staff , and very reasonably priced .	food	positive
great food , super friendly staff , and very reasonably priced .	staff	positive
great food , super friendly staff , and very reasonably priced .	priced	positive
there is new management that has been extremely friendly and responsive .	management	positive
super fast super friendly service .	service	positive
great service and even better food !	service	positive
great service and even better food !	food	positive
the salad itself was a real let down .	salad	negative
scott is the best technician and very nice .	scott	positive
scott is the best technician and very nice .	technician	positive
plus great beautiful waitresses .	waitresses	positive
okay atmosphere , it smells really bad inside .	atmosphere	negative
the walls are paper thin .	walls	negative
great service at a great price .	service	positive
great service at a great price .	price	positive
the dining room smelled fantastic .	dining room	positive
whatever you do , do not make the mistake of moving into this property .	property	positive
small , cute spot , with outdoor seating .	spot	positive
small , cute spot , with outdoor seating .	outdoor seating	positive
this is the first time this place let me down .	place	positive
this gave us time to peruse the menu and decide on a combo plate .	menu	positive
this gave us time to peruse the menu and decide on a combo plate .	combo plate	positive
overall it was one of the best hotel experiences i have ever had .	hotel	positive
quality of food is fantastic .	quality of food	positive
the place was alive with music and the bartenders were great .	place	positive
the place was alive with music and the bartenders were great .	music	positive
the place was alive with music and the bartenders were great .	bartenders	positive
thanks yelper 's for your comments because i had to check this place out .	place	positive
it is the neighborhood spot , and the food is terrific .	spot	positive
it is the neighborhood spot , and the food is terrific .	food	positive
they have a huge variety of flavors .	flavors	positive
the framing was a mess !	framing	negative
such random ingredients but the combination is so good it 's almost sinful .	ingredients	negative
such random ingredients but the combination is so good it 's almost sinful .	combination	positive
what a fantastic dive .	dive	positive
this was one of the best breakfasts i 've had in quite a while .	breakfasts	positive
the service was good .	service	positive
worst customer service on the planet !	customer service	negative
and they charge me $ _num_ late fees .	fees	negative
so there we waited ... _num_ minutes for that freakin ' cobbler !	cobbler	negative
with the prices now , i would n't give it a second glance .	prices	negative
i can check this dump off my bucket list .	dump	positive
i can check this dump off my bucket list .	bucket	positive
great bagel .	bagel	positive
everyone there is super friendly and really show that they put the customer first .	customer	positive
bandera is just a great standard and they always do well .	bandera	positive
i love this store !	store	positive
price is reasonable .	price	positive
i am literally counting down the days until my lease ends .	lease	negative
no egg .	egg	negative
the staff is super friendly and its always a great experience !	staff	positive
i 'm _num_ and the management really does its best .	management	positive
best i can find in the `` valley '' .	valley	positive
the show was also nice .	show	positive
the rest of the stuff on the plate was crap .	stuff	negative
the rest of the stuff on the plate was crap .	plate	negative
excellent customer service , quality work ... very competitive pricing .	customer service	positive
excellent customer service , quality work ... very competitive pricing .	work	positive
excellent customer service , quality work ... very competitive pricing .	pricing	positive
i really do not understand why the reviews are so good .	reviews	positive
this poor amusement park needs help !	amusement park	negative
the service is remarkable and i would recommend this place to everyone !	service	positive
but even just getting pepperoni is amazing .	pepperoni	positive
the waiter said no , that 's not true .	waiter	negative
great play for family fun .	play for family fun	positive
great little place !	place	positive
the patio is great for both warm summer nights and chilly winter evenings .	patio	positive
i did n't get to enjoy the cafe downstairs but it looked good .	cafe downstairs	positive
really quick , friendly and relaxed service .	service	positive
loved the food and the services was amazing .	food	positive
loved the food and the services was amazing .	services	positive
this place has very bad customer service !	customer service	negative
dependable ny style pizzeria .	ny	positive
i 've been to plenty of jamba juice locations before .	jamba juice locations	positive
service was awful .	service	negative
my favorite breakfast in scottsdale on our trip !	breakfast	positive
i have been here a few times for work lunches .	work lunches	positive
i would n't give this place another hard earned dime !	place	negative
everyone is always so friendly and accommodating !	everyone	positive
steak was such bad quality .	steak	negative
kids meals are incredible , grilled salmon , grilled cheese and sushi roll options .	meals	positive
kids meals are incredible , grilled salmon , grilled cheese and sushi roll options .	grilled salmon	positive
kids meals are incredible , grilled salmon , grilled cheese and sushi roll options .	grilled cheese	positive
kids meals are incredible , grilled salmon , grilled cheese and sushi roll options .	sushi roll options	positive
i love this place , the atmosphere and staff are amazing .	place	positive
i love this place , the atmosphere and staff are amazing .	atmosphere	positive
i love this place , the atmosphere and staff are amazing .	staff	positive
the shows change often enough that you can go back many times a year .	shows	negative
the waiters that said that he could not do that .	waiters	negative
ordered fresh brewed tea , bean and cheese burrito and guacamole .	fresh brewed tea	positive
ordered fresh brewed tea , bean and cheese burrito and guacamole .	bean and cheese burrito	positive
ordered fresh brewed tea , bean and cheese burrito and guacamole .	guacamole	positive
but this was my first delivery experience with horribly burnt pizza .	delivery	negative
but this was my first delivery experience with horribly burnt pizza .	pizza	negative
owner came over and helped us with our selections without being asked !	owner	positive
when they arrived _num_ minutes later , both pizzas were soggy and inedible .	pizzas	negative
service with a smile and a great clean , bright atmosphere .	service	positive
service with a smile and a great clean , bright atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
service was great , food was just okay .	service	positive
service was great , food was just okay .	food	positive
a bit pricey for italian food but good food .	italian food	positive
a bit pricey for italian food but good food .	food	positive
awesome modest little restaurant with super service from the owner .	service	positive
nordstrom is the best in town !	nordstrom	positive
terrible service !	service	negative
very tasty and great service !	service	positive
they have an amazing happy hour and delicious drinks ... .	drinks	positive
bad service , food was cold , and very expensive .	service	negative
bad service , food was cold , and very expensive .	food	negative
_num_ hours for pizza and dessert is nuts !	pizza	positive
_num_ hours for pizza and dessert is nuts !	dessert	negative
their seafood cocktails are mind blowing .	seafood cocktails	positive
love this place !	place	positive
ate here saturday november 3rd .	ate	positive
absolutely loved this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
service was great also .	service	positive
best in the valley these foodies have experienced .	valley	positive
elmer even knows all his customers from the high school then and now .	customers	positive
i have always been happy with my extensive dental needs .	dental	positive
the server and was extremely rude .	server	negative
they next day the price they quoted me was different yet again .	price	negative
friendly staff .	staff	positive
fun atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
i have always had the most professional sevice .	sevice	positive
but they can trick you with the pay scheduling .	pay scheduling	negative
it needs a major overhaul , then there is the parking lot .	parking lot	negative
food is always delicious and portions are large and plentiful especially for the price .	food	positive
food is always delicious and portions are large and plentiful especially for the price .	portions	positive
food is always delicious and portions are large and plentiful especially for the price .	price	positive
the carts are new and always clean and nice .	carts	positive
they are usually there with their amazing fare .	fare	positive
we had an excellent meal .	meal	positive
all the food is amazing and everything is all you can eat .	food	positive
the tamales are some of the best ever .	tamales	positive
emily has been doing my hair for years and she does a fantastic job !	emily	positive
emily has been doing my hair for years and she does a fantastic job !	hair	positive
this was a full service place .	service place	positive
if you are looking for good mexican food , do n't look here .	mexican food	positive
this is a standout italian eatery amongst a lot of competition in scottsdale .	italian	positive
best brunch ever !	brunch	positive
excellent service !	service	positive
it just did n't have any flavor !	flavor	negative
they offer some healthy choices as well which is always important !	choices	positive
so yeah , food totally sucked .	food	negative
one of the best antique stores in the east valley .	antique stores	positive
used to go here all the time and noticed food was changing .	food	positive
it was not prepared as explained in the menu and chicken overcooked .	menu	negative
it was not prepared as explained in the menu and chicken overcooked .	chicken	negative
their other stuff is great too and the menu is always rotating .	menu	positive
as every waiter at every $ _num_ dive says , `` enjoy '' .	waiter	positive
their customer service fantastic .	customer service	positive
the office always gave me the run around very rude .	office	negative
the staff is friendly and always gets my order right .	staff	positive
keep it up joe !	joe	positive
excellent food , excellent service and great atmosphere .	food	positive
excellent food , excellent service and great atmosphere .	service	positive
excellent food , excellent service and great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the food is absolutely amazing but the service is terrible .	food	positive
the food is absolutely amazing but the service is terrible .	service	negative
stopped in to meet my wife for lunch .	lunch	positive
they are honest and give you a fair price for repairs .	price	positive
they are honest and give you a fair price for repairs .	repairs	positive
i have taken my two dogs here for grooming four or five times .	dogs	positive
the entire staff is always friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
i really miss the grilled lamb sirloin .	grilled lamb sirloin	positive
this is not the place to go for fabulous mexican food .	mexican food	negative
great food and service .	food	positive
great food and service .	service	positive
stars _num_ and _num_ : how was the food ?	food	positive
unfortunately i ended up leaving very unsatisfied in the job done .	job	negative
great food at a great price !	food	positive
great food at a great price !	price	positive
they get the hash browns perfect !	hash browns	positive
the price was terrific and would play this course again .	price	positive
as inexpensive as this place is i left feeling over charged and unsatisfied .	place	negative
it 's burger king , not morton 's steak house .	burger king	positive
it 's burger king , not morton 's steak house .	steak house	negative
food was outstanding the service and ambience were great !	food	positive
food was outstanding the service and ambience were great !	service	positive
food was outstanding the service and ambience were great !	ambience	positive
great specials .	specials	positive
the service is truly great , i feel as comfortable as a regular there .	service	positive
overall great service and very good food .	service	positive
overall great service and very good food .	food	positive
speed quality price .	quality price	positive
my biggest issue was how they handled billing .	billing	negative
every dessert is super good and worth saving room for .	dessert	positive
love love love !	love	positive
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .	restaurant	positive
they have okay food but may favorite experience is on friday nights with karaoke !	food	positive
they have okay food but may favorite experience is on friday nights with karaoke !	karaoke	positive
do n't let their tiny little shop fool you - the food is fantastic .	shop	positive
do n't let their tiny little shop fool you - the food is fantastic .	food	positive
crystal should be fired !	crystal	negative
great service .	service	positive
i rented a box here a month ago .	box	positive
apple soda is great too !	apple soda	positive
will not return to this business .	business	negative
i love this sephora .	sephora	positive
i normally do n't like beans but their beans are sooooo good .	beans	positive
i normally do n't like beans but their beans are sooooo good .	beans	positive
not cool , marriott , not cool .	, marriott	negative
the guac was nice and fresh with not too much onion .	guac	positive
the guac was nice and fresh with not too much onion .	onion	positive
love how inviting and cozy the place is .	place	positive
fantastic place .	place	positive
friendly staff and many menu options of german fare .	staff	positive
friendly staff and many menu options of german fare .	menu options	positive
this place was terrible !	place	negative
great office .	office	positive
nordstrom has the best quality , brands , and pricing of products .	quality	positive
nordstrom has the best quality , brands , and pricing of products .	brands	positive
nordstrom has the best quality , brands , and pricing of products .	pricing	positive
it takes the right touch and they do it right .	touch	positive
wow , the green chili chimichanga is hands-down the best i have had ever !	green chili chimichanga	positive
a little hidden , but worth the search .	search	positive
trash .	trash	negative
i loved every aspect of suzanne 's bridal .	bridal	positive
good place for a romantic dinner !	dinner	positive
the staff is always kind , helpful and very professional .	staff	positive
this was probably the only really good thing about the meal .	meal	positive
had several customers walk out due to the wait , very rude costumer service .	wait	negative
had several customers walk out due to the wait , very rude costumer service .	costumer service	negative
so happy to have this talented in charge of my hair !	hair	positive
chick parm ... deli meats ... fresh pizza dough ... i love this place .	chick parm	positive
chick parm ... deli meats ... fresh pizza dough ... i love this place .	deli meats	positive
this bar does n't need you .	bar	positive
and excellent margaritas .	margaritas	positive
the servers are fantastic too !	servers	positive
a variety of washers and dryers .	washers	positive
a variety of washers and dryers .	dryers	positive
they smile and you can see they have teeth .	teeth	positive
one of my favorite breakfast places .	breakfast places	positive
fantastic food + impeccable service = _num_ stars , baby .	food	positive
fantastic food + impeccable service = _num_ stars , baby .	service	positive
maybe i 'll give you another try , roaring fork .	fork	positive
the ambiance here is so nice .	ambiance	positive
you guys got ta get it together so people do n't leave in frustration .	people	negative
it 's a great place to take a date .	place	positive
they have a huge variety of sandwiches and bagels .	bagels	positive
their selection is very wide and their employees are really nice .	selection	positive
their selection is very wide and their employees are really nice .	employees	positive
best to shop during day light hours .	shop	positive
quite possibly the best sandwich i 've had in scottsdale .	sandwich	positive
the background is gorgeous .	background	positive
i love the color of my hair and so appreciated her ability and kindness .	color	positive
i love the color of my hair and so appreciated her ability and kindness .	hair	positive
the lettuce was wilted , the carrots rubbery .	lettuce	negative
the lettuce was wilted , the carrots rubbery .	carrots	negative
super delicious lunch .	lunch	positive
the sandwiches are ok , but come with no sides .	sandwiches	negative
i love the fact that my daughter 's wedding was absolutely perfect .	wedding	positive
this used to be my favorite place to eat .	place	positive
not gel !	gel	negative
roman was super nice and have great customer service !	roman	positive
roman was super nice and have great customer service !	customer service	positive
the place is beautifully decorated .	place	positive
i recommend extra bug juice .	bug juice	positive
i have skipped out on several shows hosted by the marquee .	marquee	negative
the beans and rice were overcooked and tasteless .	beans	negative
the beans and rice were overcooked and tasteless .	rice	negative
this place is the best of everything i 've tried around here .	place	positive
they serve everything with style and the place is easy on the eyes .	place	positive
highly recommend this particular spa .	spa	positive
love finding interesting food , love tasting whatever they 're sampling .	food	positive
i 've always found the service to be good and the food great .	service	positive
i 've always found the service to be good and the food great .	food	positive
great food , nice wine .	food	positive
great food , nice wine .	wine	positive
great breakfast with all sorts of food and fruit .	breakfast	positive
great breakfast with all sorts of food and fruit .	food	positive
great breakfast with all sorts of food and fruit .	fruit	positive
great place for good homestyle fast food .	homestyle fast food	positive
each night brings new people , bands and drink specials .	bands	positive
each night brings new people , bands and drink specials .	drink specials	positive
the margherita pizza is perfect !	margherita pizza	positive
the orders came out quickly and i received great service during both visits .	service	positive
remember the name is the salt cellar .	salt cellar	positive
i am very pleased with the service i received .	service	positive
had an enjoyable oil change here the other day , haha .	oil change	positive
this is the best place i have ever taken my car .	place	positive
the blt was just as sorry .	blt	negative
this place makes me feel nostalgic .	place	positive
they also maintain the property well .	property	positive
came here for my friends ' wedding and wow , what a gorgeous place !	place	positive
it is a cute place off the path a little .	place	positive
they then tried to sell me other things such as alignment .	alignment	negative
the food is good but not worth this much frustration .	food	positive
nice neighborhood restaurant !	neighborhood restaurant	positive
i really enjoyed this bar .	bar	positive
great wine selection , great food , great fun .	wine selection	positive
great wine selection , great food , great fun .	food	positive
the fact that the maids that clean these rooms did n't notice is ridiculous .	maids	negative
the fact that the maids that clean these rooms did n't notice is ridiculous .	rooms	negative
we made the most beautiful cards .	cards	positive
the food is pretty good .	food	positive
to top everything off the band told me the only got paid $ _num_ .	band	negative
great place to leave your children .	children	positive
friendly atmosphere and great service .	atmosphere	positive
friendly atmosphere and great service .	service	positive
i can only imagine how he treats his poor employees !	employees	negative
i really like this place .	place	positive
napoli is a great place to eat .	place	positive
order food came out bland and tasteless .	food	negative
the fish is very buttery and fresh .	fish	positive
the haircut that i got is in no way what i clearly asked for .	haircut	negative
the server was super nice and helpful !	server	positive
i really enjoyed the atmosphere , and all the workers were friendly .	atmosphere	positive
i really enjoyed the atmosphere , and all the workers were friendly .	workers	positive
the staff here is very friendly and efficient .	staff	positive
this place is clean , well lit , and well priced .	place	positive
this place is clean , well lit , and well priced .	priced	positive
have eaten here a couple times and really enjoy the food .	food	positive
zero food quality .	food quality	negative
absolutely the best carne i 've ever had and the service is great also .	carne	positive
absolutely the best carne i 've ever had and the service is great also .	service	positive
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	cook	positive
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	seasoning	positive
the food on the other hand was bland .	food	negative
no onions , no peppers .	onions , no peppers	negative
they should have just refunded me back the cost of the plate .	cost	negative
they should have just refunded me back the cost of the plate .	plate	negative
the service was fast , very friendly and totally professional .	service	positive
pineapple shrimp is still my favorite .	pineapple shrimp	positive
also the staff is great !	staff	positive
clean premises and pleasant employees .	premises	positive
clean premises and pleasant employees .	employees	positive
no wonder it 's packed with eaters .	eaters	positive
huge servings !	servings	positive
so good and great service staff and environment .	service staff	positive
so good and great service staff and environment .	environment	positive
thanks brenda & staff for all you do !	staff	positive
the atmosphere is great and very comfortable .	atmosphere	positive
outstanding serves , food , food and more food !	serves	positive
outstanding serves , food , food and more food !	food	positive
outstanding serves , food , food and more food !	food	positive
outstanding serves , food , food and more food !	food	positive
everything was cooked to perfection , beautifully plated , and tasted like a dream .	plated	positive
the food is delicious .	food	positive
i would recommend vca northern to anybody .	vca	positive
if i could leave a negative star review i would .	review	negative
now it 's just another greedy restaurant .	restaurant	negative
management is terrible .	management	negative
i received an amazing scalp massage along with a blow dry style .	scalp massage	positive
i received an amazing scalp massage along with a blow dry style .	blow	positive
yes , like rotten meat .	meat	negative
once again , i was there early so we could have a table .	table	positive
she had everything needed & just had me fill out the paperwork .	paperwork	negative
it 's a warm and inviting place that treats you like family .	place	positive
if i could give this place no stars , i would .	place	negative
incredibly impressed with volvo of tempe 's service department !	service	positive
this is the worst burger king in the valley !	burger king	negative
it was romantic and the staff was helpful and friendly !	staff	positive
he is so honest , hardworking , and has the best prices on everything .	prices	positive
a disappointed customer .	customer	negative
whoever reads the reviews on this restaurant do not go there .	restaurant	negative
thanks for the perfect repair .	repair	positive
ordered chicken parm and mac and cheese .	chicken parm and mac and cheese	positive
the wings are our favorite , sweet hot in particular .	wings	positive
it 's a very happy office .	office	positive
so why the bad review ?	review	negative
the coffee here was terrible as well , no taste , just bitter .	coffee	negative
their bc iced coffee is incredible and the eggs benedict is good .	bc iced coffee	positive
their bc iced coffee is incredible and the eggs benedict is good .	eggs benedict	positive
all the neighbors are really nice .	neighbors	positive
these guys do burgers and they do them right !	burgers	positive
thanks jim for all your help .	jim	positive
the service is very friendly , and the portions are huge .	service	positive
the service is very friendly , and the portions are huge .	portions	positive
very short term business people behind the counter of the pro shop .	pro shop	negative
i visited again a week ago with a serious craving for corned beef hash .	corned beef hash	negative
i plan on coming here again , hope my review helps you .	review	positive
my favorite is a classic hard salami with provolone .	salami with provolone	positive
awesome place for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
the place is so interesting .	place	positive
the beer selection is still exceptional .	beer selection	positive
to top it all off , there was a giant box of cats ... .	box of cats	positive
one of the worst dental experience of my life .	dental	negative
been to a lot of shows but the intimate setting of this room rocked !	setting	positive
been to a lot of shows but the intimate setting of this room rocked !	room	positive
enjoyed the customer service .	customer service	positive
that being said their service is not that great .	service	negative
although the owner was very friendly the lady giving me my mani/pedi was rude .	owner	positive
although the owner was very friendly the lady giving me my mani/pedi was rude .	mani/pedi	negative
nothing special about it , no hot towels , hot stones , etc .	hot towels	negative
nothing special about it , no hot towels , hot stones , etc .	hot stones	negative
the only slightly redeeming qualities about this place is the juke box & restroom .	juke box	positive
the only slightly redeeming qualities about this place is the juke box & restroom .	restroom	positive
jiffy lube cracked my radiator with their `` flush '' service .	jiffy lube	positive
jiffy lube cracked my radiator with their `` flush '' service .	service	negative
okay , my room was n't ready yet , no big deal .	room	negative
definitely recommend the restaurant for dinner and breakfast !	dinner	positive
definitely recommend the restaurant for dinner and breakfast !	breakfast	positive
kudos for a job well done !	kudos	positive
excellent mom and pop restaurant .	mom	positive
the best food here is in liquid form ( the beer ) .	food	positive
the best food here is in liquid form ( the beer ) .	beer	positive
this place is a landmark .	place	positive
the salon has a beautiful mountain view and is very peaceful .	salon	positive
the salon has a beautiful mountain view and is very peaceful .	mountain view	positive
this place is adorable !	place	positive
and the guys there always been very professional and very honest with me .	guys	positive
great choice of ice cream flavors & toppings made for tough decisions .	ice cream flavors	positive
great choice of ice cream flavors & toppings made for tough decisions .	toppings	positive
the staff is always attentive and friendly , and the beers are always cold !	staff	positive
the staff is always attentive and friendly , and the beers are always cold !	beers	negative
the az chicken salad is my favorite .	az chicken salad	positive
sushi is of excellent quality and the service was on point .	sushi	positive
sushi is of excellent quality and the service was on point .	service	positive
they always remember us and the food is real awesome italian food !	food	positive
they always remember us and the food is real awesome italian food !	italian food	positive
took the family to bbq and they all loved the food .	bbq	positive
took the family to bbq and they all loved the food .	food	positive
great food and wait staff .	food	positive
great food and wait staff .	wait staff	positive
we will continue to bring our doggie here .	doggie	positive
love this place !	place	positive
prices are amazing .	prices	positive
very nice view but very slow service and unacceptable food .	view	positive
very nice view but very slow service and unacceptable food .	service	negative
very nice view but very slow service and unacceptable food .	food	negative
i called the phone number and the bus driver answered the phone .	bus driver	negative
helpful polite staff .	staff	positive
the hot fresh garlic bread to the table was a nice touch as well !	hot fresh garlic bread	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
the food was bland , flavorless .	food	negative
salads were pretty bad with just iceberg lettuce .	salads	negative
salads were pretty bad with just iceberg lettuce .	iceberg lettuce	negative
the people who help with the procedures are very nice & competent .	procedures	positive
they also have express lunch pricing as well .	lunch pricing	positive
finally their salads are big enough to share .	salads	positive
other than that the food is fantastic & the service is great !	food	positive
other than that the food is fantastic & the service is great !	service	positive
really tasty burritos , friendly service and great hot sauce .	burritos	positive
really tasty burritos , friendly service and great hot sauce .	service	positive
really tasty burritos , friendly service and great hot sauce .	hot sauce	positive
this is the best place to get homemade mexican food in scottsdale !	homemade mexican food	positive
overall it was a good atmosphere and well priced .	atmosphere	positive
overall it was a good atmosphere and well priced .	priced	positive
the food here is top notch - everything they make is amazing .	food	positive
do n't waste your time or money .	money	positive
great flavor !	flavor	positive
the bad : god , i fucking hate this joint .	joint	negative
lines were long , staff was not friendly whatsoever .	lines	negative
lines were long , staff was not friendly whatsoever .	staff	negative
such a great store !	store	positive
my husband and i love this place !	place	positive
the crowd is well mixed , slightly older and more sophisticated .	crowd	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
my pets absolutely love coming to the scottsdale pet hotel .	scottsdale pet hotel	positive
but its the services that makes it great .	services	positive
had a great experience here while waiting for an oil change .	oil change	positive
average food plus brilliant staff = _num_ stars .	food	positive
average food plus brilliant staff = _num_ stars .	staff	positive
it 's expensive but not worth the money .	money	negative
no stars for the tired , drab & dusty interior .	interior	negative
but they sure werent helping the lady out .	lady	negative
very disappointed in this place .	place	negative
no flavor and they forgot the tomato sauce .	flavor	negative
no flavor and they forgot the tomato sauce .	tomato sauce	negative
andrea had a horrible attitude from the start .	andrea	negative
in my opinion that is very poor customer service .	customer service	negative
good italian food at a good price .	italian food	positive
good italian food at a good price .	price	positive
this place just sucks .	place	negative
great little mexican joint .	mexican joint	positive
i love this animal hospital .	animal hospital	positive
a crazy combination of ingredients that work so well together .	ingredients	positive
just a good time place .	time place	positive
run , do n't walk , away from this company !	company	negative
mellow people .	people	positive
we also ordered a dozen wings .	wings	negative
the salads are great .	salads	positive
nice crowd .	crowd	positive
robert 's catering made our wedding reception a breeze .	catering	positive
robert 's catering made our wedding reception a breeze .	wedding reception	positive
i guess not a good day to visit this location .	location	negative
the store was incredibly empty .	store	negative
all the performers are extremely talented musicians and pretty funny as well .	performers	positive
all the performers are extremely talented musicians and pretty funny as well .	musicians	positive
get the huevos con masa with some fresh squeezed juice !	huevos con masa	positive
he has enormous technical skills .	technical	positive
good food .	food	positive
how are their sandwiches so so good !	sandwiches	positive
best persian restaurant in town .	persian restaurant	positive
they also have a nice patio .	patio	positive
a great place to get some excellent mexican food in a casual setting .	place	positive
a great place to get some excellent mexican food in a casual setting .	mexican food	positive
a great place to get some excellent mexican food in a casual setting .	setting	positive
it tasted like canned tomato soup .	canned tomato soup	negative
we love the pizza .	pizza	positive
oh , and the food was disgusting on that night .	food	negative
there are new owners and they are making changes to pay for their buy .	owners	negative
there are new owners and they are making changes to pay for their buy .	buy	negative
found my new auto repair location , great job .	auto repair location	positive
the burger was very dry .	burger	negative
her rates are very reasonable for the high quality product you will receive !	rates	positive
her rates are very reasonable for the high quality product you will receive !	product	positive
this is one of those great neighborhood gems that had an exceptional chef .	chef	positive
prime rib was good , a little dry on one edge .	prime rib	positive
suzanne and her staff were excellent !	staff	positive
the food was good !	food	positive
absolutely the best high tea i have had .	high tea	positive
the food is abysmal , way past dated .	food	negative
the calzones , meatball subs , and baked ziti were amazing !	calzones	positive
the calzones , meatball subs , and baked ziti were amazing !	meatball subs	positive
the calzones , meatball subs , and baked ziti were amazing !	baked ziti	positive
the service was just as good as the food .	service	positive
the service was just as good as the food .	food	positive
the place has a nice vibe and the service is very customer oriented .	place	positive
the place has a nice vibe and the service is very customer oriented .	service	positive
this library has a good selection of books , esp newer ones .	library	positive
tiffany never brought my water .	water	negative
stuffy service .	service	negative
the best homemade tortillas in scottsdale !	homemade tortillas	positive
grazie was wonderful .	grazie	positive
poor quality food !	quality food	negative
a great little local establishment .	establishment	positive
it seems the request for extra room was against the rules here .	room	negative
the food is very yummy .	food	positive
very relaxing ride .	ride	positive
i will try to include photo of our pizza .	pizza	positive
i would not recommend the carlsbad tavern restaurant .	carlsbad tavern restaurant	negative
great dining experience .	dining experience	positive
papago brewing co 's orange blossom beer is so good .	papago	positive
papago brewing co 's orange blossom beer is so good .	orange blossom beer	positive
any sandwich that i have had is fresh .	sandwich	positive
worst kfc i have ever been to .	kfc	negative
( ( thoughts - from who the dd ice fairly ?	dd	positive
some people 's food was forgotten .	food	negative
goes great with pizza and hot wings .	pizza	positive
goes great with pizza and hot wings .	hot wings	positive
best tuna poke ever .	tuna poke	positive
it 's clean , well kept , and the employees are fairly decent .	employees	positive
we also really like the halibut .	halibut	positive
so happy i called this company , would definitely call again .	company	positive
she really helped on choosing the right wings and drinks .	drinks	positive
always friendly great service .	service	positive
good mix on the menu and fast service .	mix	positive
good mix on the menu and fast service .	menu	positive
good mix on the menu and fast service .	service	positive
the people in there are friendly as well !	people	positive
talk about excellent service when i was in a desperate situation !	service	positive
the food was just mediocre ; not enough spice and flavor .	food	negative
the food was just mediocre ; not enough spice and flavor .	spice	negative
the food was just mediocre ; not enough spice and flavor .	flavor	negative
this place rocks .	place	positive
perfect time , perfect place .	time	positive
perfect time , perfect place .	place	positive
never had minestrone with broccoli ( and peas ) .	minestrone with broccoli (	positive
we have always enjoyed the atmosphere and food .	atmosphere	positive
we have always enjoyed the atmosphere and food .	food	positive
really good choice if you like dark , bitter coffee .	coffee	positive
waiter sitting on kitchen counter .	waiter	negative
waiter sitting on kitchen counter .	kitchen counter	negative
and the beef with broccoli was bland as well .	beef with broccoli	negative
i met wonderful property management team - kristen , tracy , kim & eddie .	property management	positive
there was no signs of a radiator leak until i took my car in .	radiator	negative
regardless of that the food was outstanding .	food	positive
the pizza was decent but at $ _num_ , i sort of expected better .	pizza	positive
i am a restaurant manager and have _num_ years of service industry experience .	service	positive
it was delicious and probably the best pork tenderloin i 've ever had .	pork tenderloin	positive
the frosting was more than enough and was very flavorful .	frosting	positive
he is very thorough and definitely cares for his patients .	patients	positive
funky interior .	interior	positive
chili was great .	chili	positive
ice cream is fresh and creamy .	ice cream	positive
i received outstanding service and very fair pricing .	service	positive
i received outstanding service and very fair pricing .	pricing	positive
the food is amazing and well worth the wait .	food	positive
the food is amazing and well worth the wait .	wait	positive
the place is always crowded !	place	negative
this is my favorite subway .	subway	positive
the women 's bathroom had _num_ stall working out of _num_ .	women	negative
we love this place !	place	positive
friendly service and reasonable prices .	service	positive
friendly service and reasonable prices .	prices	positive
it 's clear they want to turn the salon into a med day spa .	salon	negative
it 's clear they want to turn the salon into a med day spa .	med day spa	negative
ambience was amazing .	ambience	positive
the service was absolutely top-notch , and the facilities were exceptional .	service	positive
the service was absolutely top-notch , and the facilities were exceptional .	facilities	positive
nice family atmosphere in the neighborhood .	family atmosphere	positive
for presentation i would only give it a slightly above par .	presentation	negative
i highly doubt i will ever be back to this weird ass place !	place	negative
food , while small in portion , is terrific .	food	positive
food , while small in portion , is terrific .	portion	positive
anyway , i decided on the rice bowl size .	rice bowl size	positive
the reviews were good , so we gave it a try .	reviews	positive
i would recommend this shop to everyone .	shop	positive
they have a very good selection .	selection	positive
his staff is friendly and always willing to help .	staff	positive
the dresses were clean , large selections and fantastic customer service .	dresses	positive
the dresses were clean , large selections and fantastic customer service .	customer service	positive
they lie to you about fees and then change them after you move in .	fees	negative
tremendous service .	service	positive
excellent steak and lobster , service always above average .	steak and lobster	positive
excellent steak and lobster , service always above average .	service	positive
just gone done with a birthday dinner here for my cousin .	dinner	positive
thanks to danielle for the great service and smiles .	service	positive
the food is really good .	food	positive
they are a great place to go !	place	positive
the chicken entree i ordered was also very tasty .	chicken entree	positive
bottom line - excellent dining experience .	dining experience	positive
carl is the best barber i have ever had .	barber	positive
they chatted for a few minutes , and he left their table .	table	negative
the waitress never starts before about _num_ pm .	waitress	positive
it is a life saver .	life saver	positive
the food is exceptional and the standards of quality are worth every penny .	food	positive
while the meal was fine the price was just right !	meal	positive
while the meal was fine the price was just right !	price	positive
high tea ... this is one of the best in the valley !	tea	positive
the chips and salsa were delicious .	chips	positive
the chips and salsa were delicious .	salsa	positive
all perfectly prepared and plated .	plated	positive
the staff does absolutely nothing except sit there .	staff	negative
well , surprise : `` jalapeno walnut pancakes '' wow !	jalapeno walnut pancakes	positive
when told to contact the manager , he has n't returned our call .	manager	negative
she & her staff should never be allowed to serve the public again !	staff	negative
there was too much sauce and not much cheese .	sauce	negative
there was too much sauce and not much cheese .	cheese	negative
but only _num_ bottled water per person .	bottled water	negative
i recommend them to anyone in the area !	area	positive
take out , delivery and dine in .	delivery	negative
its quiet and nice people are here .	people	positive
the phoenician has a signature sweet iced tea that is divine .	sweet iced tea	positive
overall this place is not the spot for food .	food	negative
a good value for the food quality .	food quality	positive
very nice people .	people	positive
so it is more of a false sense of security than anything .	security	negative
very good and many people call in for take out .	take out	positive
so , instead of bringing out food out on plates .	food	negative
so , instead of bringing out food out on plates .	plates	negative
asked for grilled onions and mushrooms on my burger .	grilled onions and mushrooms	positive
asked for grilled onions and mushrooms on my burger .	burger	positive
great atmosphere - fun and friendly .	atmosphere	positive
amazing staff as well !	staff	positive
wine pairing assistance available .	wine pairing assistance	positive
outstanding customer service and honesty which was a pleasant surprise .	customer service	positive
we ordered some nachos and a couple of pollo burritos .	nachos	positive
we ordered some nachos and a couple of pollo burritos .	pollo burritos	positive
anyway , i delivered pizzas for a couple of years a long time ago .	pizzas	positive
i discovered this place while walking around told town .	place	positive
great place to get a gift or jewelry .	gift	positive
great place to get a gift or jewelry .	jewelry	positive
worst service ever .	service	negative
not a long noodle in the entire order !	noodle	negative
we love the staff and they are all so good with my dogs .	staff	positive
we love the staff and they are all so good with my dogs .	dogs	positive
service was great .	service	positive
the cart smells bad , as you can imagine .	cart	negative
got ta have a blended everytime i come to arizona .	blended	positive
wontons were mush , and tasted terrible .	wontons	negative
defalco 's is one of my absolute favorite places !	defalco	positive
service was also very good and i like atmosphere .	service	positive
service was also very good and i like atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
it was perfectly cooked with a great crust .	cooked	positive
it was perfectly cooked with a great crust .	crust	positive
great environment for everybody at any age .	environment	positive
my daughter had the margarita pizza which again is not a margarita pizza .	margarita pizza	negative
the lady who assisted in my selection was extremely friendly and so patient .	lady	positive
the lady who assisted in my selection was extremely friendly and so patient .	selection	positive
_num_ they claimed oil had been changed .	oil	negative
their carpet is nasty .	carpet	negative
the food tastes so good that i am happy to wait anytime .	food	positive
nice little upscale place in scottsdale .	place	positive
the pie itself had none .	pie	negative
she told them she did n't need their business .	business	negative
food was very good .	food	positive
great little mexican place .	mexican place	positive
villa deli is one of the best neighborhood delis in town , bar none .	villa	positive
villa deli is one of the best neighborhood delis in town , bar none .	neighborhood	positive
villa deli is one of the best neighborhood delis in town , bar none .	bar	positive
she did an awesome job making my hair super cute .	hair	positive
the food was a huge disappointment for the wait and price .	food	negative
the food was a huge disappointment for the wait and price .	wait	negative
the food was a huge disappointment for the wait and price .	price	negative
every other time the service was great .	service	positive
shrimp and grits = a solid ten !	shrimp and grits	positive
their craft beer selection was pretty good and reasonably priced .	craft beer selection	positive
their craft beer selection was pretty good and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
fast friendly service , good prices , and food is delicious !	service	positive
fast friendly service , good prices , and food is delicious !	prices	positive
fast friendly service , good prices , and food is delicious !	food	positive
the building itself is where the problem comes in !	building	positive
taking this into consideration , i would not eat at this place again .	place	negative
the actual room it self was dated and felt dingy .	room	negative
the shrimp lo mein had good flavor and shrimp was plump and not overcooked .	shrimp lo mein	positive
the shrimp lo mein had good flavor and shrimp was plump and not overcooked .	flavor	positive
the shrimp lo mein had good flavor and shrimp was plump and not overcooked .	shrimp	positive
and if you ca n't , then your rent could be late .	rent	negative
overall its a good place to eat .	place	positive
for $ _num_ she received _num_ salads that fit in two small containers .	containers	negative
the food was nothing special .	food	negative
it 's a cool way to see the newest exhibits .	exhibits	positive
avoid at all costs .	costs	positive
the ladies love it .	ladies	positive
this is by far the worst service .	service	negative
the most delicious and beautiful cake !	cake	positive
i took my dog here to have him put to sleep do to .	dog	positive
i recommend this place for their selection and their staff .	selection	positive
i recommend this place for their selection and their staff .	staff	positive
food was good , service was horrible .	food	positive
food was good , service was horrible .	service	negative
my girlfriend and i went for dinner last night and had a great meal .	dinner	positive
my girlfriend and i went for dinner last night and had a great meal .	meal	positive
the best mechanic in the state of arizona .	mechanic	positive
the cheese enchilada was a joke .	cheese enchilada	negative
i will be back with the kids and would recommend to others !	kids	positive
management needs to know about the poor service .	management	negative
management needs to know about the poor service .	service	negative
horrible experience with billing issues and problems with a new crown .	billing issues	negative
horrible experience with billing issues and problems with a new crown .	crown	negative
too disgusted to continue to try and eat the burger i threw it away .	burger	negative
so we get to our room ... ... ew .	room	positive
i love the cheese and bruschetta plates !	cheese and bruschetta plates	positive
jeff from service is who i deal with and he has always been great .	service	positive
if you 're in the area , check it out !	area	positive
i noticed the new dim sum on the menu .	dim sum	positive
i noticed the new dim sum on the menu .	menu	negative
food was highly average and certainly not worth the wait .	food	negative
food was highly average and certainly not worth the wait .	wait	negative
i will not renew my membership or recommend them ever .	membership	negative
yesterday they did n't put _num_ % in my coffee .	coffee	negative
the room was large with a balcony and we had a fantastic time .	room	positive
the room was large with a balcony and we had a fantastic time .	balcony	positive
this place is delicious !	place	positive
the prices are more than reasonable for a big , juicy hamburger .	prices	positive
the prices are more than reasonable for a big , juicy hamburger .	hamburger	positive
front desk does n't pick up the phone and no manager on duty .	manager	negative
service was pretty good , no complaints .	service	positive
love love love bandera !	bandera	positive
thank you for the great service !	service	positive
very friendly and helpful staff .	staff	positive
carl knows his stuff .	stuff	positive
these guys know what customer service is !	customer service	positive
my favorite pizza anywhere is the margherita .	pizza	positive
my favorite pizza anywhere is the margherita .	margherita	positive
my favorite is the glazed .	glazed	positive
i went here once or twice , but there are so many better places .	places	positive
great food and an old time atmosphere .	food	positive
great food and an old time atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great place ... great crowd !	place	positive
great place ... great crowd !	crowd	positive
their queso dip is excellent !	queso dip	positive
the bacon , the pancakes , and fresh squeezed orange juice were great .	bacon	positive
the bacon , the pancakes , and fresh squeezed orange juice were great .	pancakes	positive
the bacon , the pancakes , and fresh squeezed orange juice were great .	fresh squeezed orange juice	positive
meatball , mushroom garlic calzone is just so good .	meatball , mushroom garlic calzone	positive
spectacular service and consistent , quality .	service	positive
spectacular service and consistent , quality .	quality	positive
great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
best french toast ever !	french toast	positive
the salon is clean and the staff is very nice and accommodating !	salon	positive
the salon is clean and the staff is very nice and accommodating !	staff	positive
good buffet at a fair price .	buffet	positive
good buffet at a fair price .	price	positive
love this place !	place	positive
food is really good .	food	positive
yum yum yum .	yum yum	positive
i liked their own orange blossom the best .	orange blossom	positive
we always find the service good , and servers are friendly and talkative .	service	positive
we always find the service good , and servers are friendly and talkative .	servers	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
i especially love the croissants and often we ask for basket for the table .	croissants	positive
i especially love the croissants and often we ask for basket for the table .	basket	positive
i especially love the croissants and often we ask for basket for the table .	table	positive
the chicken was n't dry .	chicken	negative
beans were very standard , chips and salsa were okay .	beans	positive
beans were very standard , chips and salsa were okay .	chips	positive
beans were very standard , chips and salsa were okay .	salsa	positive
secondly i really love breakfast club .	breakfast club	positive
great flavorful food , served in huge portions .	food	positive
great flavorful food , served in huge portions .	served	positive
great flavorful food , served in huge portions .	portions	positive
if you are looking for a staycation , this is not the place .	staycation	negative
if you are looking for a staycation , this is not the place .	place	negative
it smelled like rotten urine .	urine	negative
a fabulous show .	show	positive
their pastries and tortillas are absolutely amazing .	pastries	positive
their pastries and tortillas are absolutely amazing .	tortillas	positive
cute napkins too !	napkins	positive
we had pasta and it ended up costing us _num_ dollars , ridiculous .	pasta	negative
what doctor walks past his staff daily and does n't even say hi ?	staff	negative
best steak ever !	steak	positive
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .	lunch	positive
plus , staff & owner very friendly & attentive .	staff	positive
plus , staff & owner very friendly & attentive .	owner	positive
this place is very disappointing .	place	negative
sandwich and chips were so tasty !	sandwich	positive
sandwich and chips were so tasty !	chips	positive
a clean , reasonably priced place to stay .	place	positive
free wifi makes it a great place to get things done too .	wifi	positive
best italian lunch spot i have found in the metro phoenix area .	italian lunch spot	positive
the guys are very good at what they do and are all very nice .	guys	positive
we love this place !	place	positive
staff is very attentive and never makes you wait for something you need .	staff	positive
the food was very good .	food	positive
, and deli sandwiches are all outstanding .	deli sandwiches	positive
that just goes to show the chef does not know japanese cuisine .	chef	negative
that just goes to show the chef does not know japanese cuisine .	japanese cuisine	negative
great spot for after dinner entertainment .	spot	positive
great spot for after dinner entertainment .	entertainment	positive
service is good .	service	positive
had a pretty good appetizer in the stuffed quesadilla .	appetizer	positive
had a pretty good appetizer in the stuffed quesadilla .	stuffed quesadilla	positive
several other dishes and all tasted great .	dishes	positive
keep up the good work !	work	positive
came here before an asu game , it was slammed .	asu game	negative
i found pricing to be fair ... excited to take delivery of new wheels !	pricing	positive
i found pricing to be fair ... excited to take delivery of new wheels !	wheels	positive
the portions were good but it all went down hill from here .	portions	positive
i recommend the gel polish .	gel polish	positive
delicious cookies !	cookies	positive
the wine pairing was a perfect fit .	wine pairing	positive
now i know i hate this place .	place	negative
when i took a few bites of the rib , something tasted not right .	rib	negative
the taco burrito is awesome !	taco burrito	positive
the staff is also incredibly friendly and kind to my pets .	staff	positive
the food was super tasty , abundant , fresh and perfectly spiced .	food	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
pool was very clean and the courtyard was a great hang out .	pool	positive
pool was very clean and the courtyard was a great hang out .	courtyard	positive
had a glass of wine , which was good as well .	glass of wine	positive
love rick and the job that they do .	rick	positive
love rick and the job that they do .	job	positive
one of the best service experiences i 've ever had .	service	positive
not good eats .	eats	negative
a+ service and very speedy and affordable !	service	positive
the food is well thought out and simply delicious .	food	positive
three entrees and i sampled all of them .	entrees	positive
only problem is , that even then the sandwiches were n't that tasty .	sandwiches	negative
cool bbq area .	bbq area	positive
our table had salmon and trout , and all were extraordinary .	table	positive
our table had salmon and trout , and all were extraordinary .	salmon	positive
fantastic service .	service	positive
we ordered chile rellenos , mini tacos , and carnitas enchiladas with green sauce .	chile rellenos	positive
we ordered chile rellenos , mini tacos , and carnitas enchiladas with green sauce .	mini tacos	positive
we ordered chile rellenos , mini tacos , and carnitas enchiladas with green sauce .	carnitas enchiladas with green sauce	positive
my steak was cooked next to someone 's chicken .	steak	negative
my steak was cooked next to someone 's chicken .	chicken	negative
they refunded my money and gave me a gift certificate for another pizza .	pizza	positive
dos has fallen far from it 's old tempe trailer park !	dos	negative
dos has fallen far from it 's old tempe trailer park !	tempe trailer	negative
oh and we never did get our refill on our tea ... .	tea	negative
the food was amazing .	food	positive
love their pizza .	pizza	positive
good service .	service	positive
the surroundings are beautiful and serene .	surroundings	positive
this place is super casual and good .	place	positive
the fries were also delicious with enough crunch .	fries	positive
the fries were also delicious with enough crunch .	crunch	positive
i enjoy this place a lot and they have a great late night menu .	menu	positive
cooked over a wood fire made it perfect .	wood fire	positive
she was very informative with what was going to be happening to my vehicle .	vehicle	positive
service comes quick , and they have this southwestern sandwich that is great !	service	positive
service comes quick , and they have this southwestern sandwich that is great !	southwestern sandwich	positive
their fresh salsa is one of my favorites !	fresh salsa	positive
dr. wilson still refused to pay him !	dr.	negative
the food was delicious .	food	positive
ribs were terrible and tough as can be .	ribs	negative
i had the mongolian beef and i really liked it .	mongolian beef	positive
the manager donna knows everyone and her staff is great !	manager	positive
the manager donna knows everyone and her staff is great !	staff	positive
food was excellent as was the service .	food	positive
food was excellent as was the service .	service	positive
worst pizza i 've ever had .	pizza	negative
heaven on a fork .	fork	positive
that table was there for _num_ minutes with no greet .	table	negative
service is very attentive and price is right .	service	positive
service is very attentive and price is right .	price	positive
sometimes i think they ca n't be serious but i guess i thought wrong .	ca	negative
price - $ _num_ for _num_ rolls of film done in one day .	price	positive
he took our order and we got our drinks .	drinks	positive
they are awesome and love this place !	place	positive
thank you roaring fork !	fork	positive
the atmosphere is light , airy and welcoming .	atmosphere	positive
love the jeans ... i 'll be back !	jeans	positive
overall a good experience and i would go back again when in the area .	area	positive
i love the selection and it is always changing .	selection	positive
the mango with sweet sticky rice is also a great dessert to end on .	mango with sweet sticky rice	positive
the mango with sweet sticky rice is also a great dessert to end on .	dessert	positive
great grocery store !	grocery	positive
delicious moist cake .	moist cake	positive
i would definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
patio is cool , had tv 's .	patio	positive
this applebees has gone downhill in the past several years .	applebees	positive
either way the atmosphere was excellent and the food was good .	atmosphere	positive
either way the atmosphere was excellent and the food was good .	food	positive
they had units installed and working great within _num_ days .	units	positive
my favorite dish here is the dragon roll .	dish	positive
my favorite dish here is the dragon roll .	dragon roll	positive
this is a great neighborhood bar in old town .	bar	positive
lucky for them i did n't actually see any on their menu .	menu	negative
but i 'd definitely recommend jonathan to anyone !	jonathan	positive
and i can usually handle spice !	spice	positive
yesterday morning i ordered a sausage burrito through the drive-thru .	sausage burrito	positive
this is a pretty cool place .	place	positive
the salon itself is classy , clean and a great place to people watch .	salon	positive
great cheap fun !	fun	positive
sometimes you get right up to the cashier , sometimes there is a line .	cashier	negative
sometimes you get right up to the cashier , sometimes there is a line .	line	negative
the other person waiting in line turned around and left at this point .	waiting	negative
the other person waiting in line turned around and left at this point .	line	negative
these people are loving and caring to animals , and respectful to their owners .	people	positive
these people are loving and caring to animals , and respectful to their owners .	animals	positive
these people are loving and caring to animals , and respectful to their owners .	owners	positive
and make for a perfect gift .	gift	positive
we have been taken our cat to this place for almost two years .	cat	positive
the bartender makes prob some of the best hand crafted cocktails in the city .	bartender	positive
the bartender makes prob some of the best hand crafted cocktails in the city .	cocktails	positive
very homey food with complex flavors .	food	positive
very homey food with complex flavors .	flavors	positive
excellent traditional barber shop feel .	barber shop feel	positive
went through the drive-thru and moved pretty quickly .	drive-thru	negative
good service , and we loved the giant fish tank we sat next to .	service	positive
good service , and we loved the giant fish tank we sat next to .	fish tank	positive
really good chicken tacos , great prices .	chicken tacos	positive
really good chicken tacos , great prices .	prices	positive
the toppings all appeared to be right , but the smell was off .	toppings	positive
the toppings all appeared to be right , but the smell was off .	smell	negative
with the creamy cole slaw it was a perfect combination .	creamy cole slaw	positive
great dining experience and great atmosphere .	dining experience	positive
great dining experience and great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
how rude to think my time is n't valuable as well !	time	negative
the sauce is a little sweet and a little spicy .	sauce	positive
it 's an old fashioned ice cream place and the ice cream was delicious .	ice cream place	positive
it 's an old fashioned ice cream place and the ice cream was delicious .	ice	positive
it was clean , professional and i got great service .	service	positive
the staff was so sweet and helpful .	staff	positive
the bar is open from 6am until 2am and the prices are great .	bar	positive
the bar is open from 6am until 2am and the prices are great .	prices	positive
great view of the vip and the floor .	view	positive
great view of the vip and the floor .	vip	positive
great view of the vip and the floor .	floor	positive
if someone 's helpful , it 's because they 're getting commission .	commission	positive
the patio at lon 's is one of my favorite places to eat .	patio	positive
a++ service .	service	positive
chocolate cake with ice cream also great .	chocolate cake with ice cream	positive
the restroom on my , it was scary .	restroom	negative
the customer service was excellent .	customer service	positive
will definitely be a regular for all cake and cookie orders !	cake	positive
will definitely be a regular for all cake and cookie orders !	cookie orders	positive
we did n't realize we would have over a hour wait for food .	food	negative
its just not an inviting place .	place	negative
service was prompt and friendly .	service	positive
this is my favorite pizza .	pizza	positive
all the parents commented on what a fun kids party it was .	kids	positive
the only dinner that was edible was mom 's appetizer sampler plate .	dinner	positive
the only dinner that was edible was mom 's appetizer sampler plate .	appetizer sampler plate	positive
our all time favorite restaurant in the mesa area !	mesa area	positive
store is clean , well organized and the quality is phenomenal .	store	positive
store is clean , well organized and the quality is phenomenal .	quality	positive
worth every penny just bring cash the staff works on tips and deserves them .	staff	positive
great food and service .	food	positive
great food and service .	service	positive
the salmon and tuna was cooked perfectly .	salmon	positive
the arizona roll is my personal favorite .	arizona roll	positive
great food and great services .	food	positive
great food and great services .	services	positive
for the most part , this taco bell has been great .	taco bell	positive
but overall the food was not memorable or worth the drive .	food	negative
the pricing is reasonable and the facilities are clean and comforting .	pricing	positive
the pricing is reasonable and the facilities are clean and comforting .	facilities	positive
the tuna , blech !	tuna	positive
the food was decent , nothing to get overly excited about .	food	positive
the staff was exceptional .	staff	positive
visit one of the other _num_ water parks in the valley .	water parks	positive
they were playing awesome music though .	music	positive
this is the best place to watch sports .	place	positive
this is the best place to watch sports .	sports	positive
finally , we shared an excellent apple strudel to top it all off .	apple strudel	positive
service was great- attentive but not annoying .	service	positive
this place has great pizza !	pizza	positive
food is good and reasonable .	food	positive
everything is great about this store .	store	positive
and we love this church and so many opportunities to get your family involved .	church	positive
a very poor excuse for mexican food .	mexican food	negative
great value too - we were out the door for thirty bucks .	value	positive
it is in a rundown strip mall but the food is great .	strip mall	negative
it is in a rundown strip mall but the food is great .	food	positive
the sushi is pretty good too .	sushi	positive
and yes , the fries were awful .	fries	negative
what an outstanding mens store .	mens store	positive
that should never be the case with a filet in any decent restaurant .	filet	positive
does this place ever get cleaned ?	place	negative
what a disappointing meal !	meal	negative
the girl walks over , drops off our waters and walks away .	girl	negative
the girl walks over , drops off our waters and walks away .	waters	negative
the sandwiches and pizza are amazing .	sandwiches	positive
the sandwiches and pizza are amazing .	pizza	positive
small spaghetti with marinara , normally $ _num_ but free .	spaghetti with marinara	negative
amazing they remember customers and take care of your concerns !	customers	positive
and soggy tomato .	tomato	negative
the customer service is amazing .	customer service	positive
so i went there yesterday and wrote down all the different kinds they offer .	kinds	positive
i was actually ignored at the counter when i needed help .	counter	negative
the pork was amazing !	pork	positive
for dessert there was cheese cake and chocolate cake .	cheese cake	positive
for dessert there was cheese cake and chocolate cake .	chocolate cake	positive
bread and ingredients are super fresh .	bread	positive
bread and ingredients are super fresh .	ingredients	positive
lively atmosphere and another people watch place !	atmosphere	positive
love the bagel chips too !	bagel chips	positive
good quality food .	quality food	positive
great night was had with 20+ guests .	night	positive
no to go orders on weekends & holidays .	orders	negative
the staff is always so friendly and accommodating .	staff	positive
our waiter was very friendly and helpful .	waiter	positive
the caesar salad has cashews instead of croutons and is amazing .	caesar salad	positive
the caesar salad has cashews instead of croutons and is amazing .	cashews	positive
the caesar salad has cashews instead of croutons and is amazing .	croutons	positive
the chow fun was exactly like what you get in hong kong .	chow fun	positive
i always bring out of town guests here , for a special dinner !	dinner	positive
um ... oh and the body jewelry is very expensive .	body jewelry	negative
and we had excellent fast service when we went .	service	positive
he was so helpful and gave amazing customer service .	customer service	positive
the service was horrible !	service	negative
they have a happy hour which includes nachos !	nachos	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
best dinner of our trip to scottsdale .	dinner	positive
walked up to the service desk in the computer department .	service desk	negative
walked up to the service desk in the computer department .	computer	negative
super nice resort .	resort	positive
no refills on drinks you have to buy another drink .	drinks	negative
no refills on drinks you have to buy another drink .	drink	negative
the servers were really nice and helped me pick a tasty beer .	servers	positive
the servers were really nice and helped me pick a tasty beer .	beer	positive
what more can i say , but enjoyed a truly good meal .	meal	positive
i love italian and i eat here often .	italian	positive
great food .	food	positive
we always enjoy the food and the service .	food	positive
we always enjoy the food and the service .	service	positive
excellent place to stay in the area when on business .	place	positive
excellent place to stay in the area when on business .	area	positive
this place is great when you have a limited time for lunch .	lunch	positive
i was in and out in _num_ min for a drug test .	drug test	positive
they 've been training new employees and everyone is kind and fast .	employees	positive
i said forget it we do n't want the food any more and left .	food	negative
the bagels were very flavorful !	bagels	positive
great people .	people	positive
these guys had no idea how to fix the washer .	washer	negative
but , the service and the food , um , not so much .	service	negative
but , the service and the food , um , not so much .	food	negative
each and every staff member truly cares about the patients well being .	staff	positive
each and every staff member truly cares about the patients well being .	patients	positive
he made sure we got a good guitar this time .	guitar	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
what it makes this church special is the community they have .	church	positive
what it makes this church special is the community they have .	community	positive
this was after the hostess quoted us _num_ minutes of wait time .	hostess	negative
this was after the hostess quoted us _num_ minutes of wait time .	wait	negative
i love my hair every time i walk out of the salon .	hair	positive
my dogs ( my life ) are so happy to come here .	dogs	positive
my white wine was served warm , gross .	white wine	negative
my white wine was served warm , gross .	served	negative
i recommend also the escargot and the shrimp bread .	escargot	positive
i recommend also the escargot and the shrimp bread .	shrimp bread	positive
the service was attentive but the food was poor .	service	positive
the service was attentive but the food was poor .	food	negative
great to meet you mickey !	mickey	positive
it was more than enough food and really good for that matter .	food	positive
i would definitely recommend this bike shop .	bike shop	positive
i love the pizza here !	pizza	positive
i was _num_ hours late for work .	work	negative
poor customer service .	customer service	negative
wish we had followed the trend of the other diners and ordered pizza .	pizza	positive
this place goes up in price every year with no input or options .	price	negative
highly recommend grazie to anyone interested in an exceptional meal .	meal	positive
i do not recommend this place .	place	negative
it 's always an easy place to go though .	place	positive
very good meal and more than i could finish !	meal	positive
when the guy came to the door he said it was $ _num_ .	guy	negative
except their prices are nearly double a normal store price .	prices	negative
except their prices are nearly double a normal store price .	store price	negative
i think almost everything is well prepared with good flavor .	flavor	positive
very tasty dutch babies .	dutch babies	positive
the pro shop has a decent selection and quality gear .	pro shop	positive
the pro shop has a decent selection and quality gear .	selection	positive
the pro shop has a decent selection and quality gear .	quality gear	positive
it 's close to me , it 's cheap and there 's no contract .	contract	negative
fruit are cheap but it 's not a very good quality .	fruit	negative
fruit are cheap but it 's not a very good quality .	quality	negative
everyone raved about how wonderful the cake was .	cake	positive
curated wine list , good appetizers , decent ambiance , friendly and helpful service .	wine list	positive
curated wine list , good appetizers , decent ambiance , friendly and helpful service .	appetizers	positive
curated wine list , good appetizers , decent ambiance , friendly and helpful service .	ambiance	positive
curated wine list , good appetizers , decent ambiance , friendly and helpful service .	service	positive
they were completely out of plain bagels .	plain bagels	negative
all in all - great place to catch a game ( any game ! )	game	positive
good place to bring out of town guests for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
it should have been plenty of time to check the bike in .	bike	negative
the staff is wonderful and everything smells like pittsburgh willy 's !	staff	positive
also this location is staffed with professionals who know what they are doing .	location	negative
you made it a very comfortable shopping experience !	shopping	positive
no frills , but always solid food .	food	positive
i walked in shopping for presents for numerous people .	presents	positive
the service was terrible .	service	negative
i like the nostalgia of the place but i will not be back .	nostalgia	positive
i like the nostalgia of the place but i will not be back .	place	positive
refreshing service !	service	positive
kudos to mgr on duty !	kudos	positive
kudos to mgr on duty !	mgr	positive
they provide great service for much less than competitors .	service	positive
the food rocked - big , hot , and delicious .	food	positive
and i must say , i loved the place .	place	positive
their pizza is consistently unique and very good .	pizza	positive
i started with the grilled pear salad with gorgonzola and mixed greens .	grilled pear salad with gorgonzola	positive
i started with the grilled pear salad with gorgonzola and mixed greens .	mixed greens	positive
from country to classic rock to new songs of today !	classic	positive
ca n't see coming back to thus place .	place	negative
this place is so good !	place	positive
they have also expanded on their drink menu to include more than just wine .	drink menu	positive
they have also expanded on their drink menu to include more than just wine .	wine	positive
management is absolutely committed to quality food and a quality experience .	management	positive
management is absolutely committed to quality food and a quality experience .	food	positive
they barely put any alcohol in them .	alcohol	negative
super nice staff .	staff	positive
the management has no authority .	management	negative
you can see how i like my mongolian beef !	mongolian beef	positive
i 'm sure that money never made it to the cash register .	money	negative
i 'm sure that money never made it to the cash register .	cash register	negative
i had promised my christmas guests crown roast .	christmas guests crown roast	positive
food was fantastic , as was the service .	food	positive
food was fantastic , as was the service .	service	positive
staff is always friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
so that night , i was really surprised the server got better !	server	positive
definitely one of my favorite bars in scottsdale .	bars	positive
not wanting to wait for a table , we sat at the bar .	table	positive
not wanting to wait for a table , we sat at the bar .	bar	positive
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .	spanish omelet	positive
half the staff did not know what was going on or were in training .	staff	negative
asking for extra water , salsa , etc .	water , salsa	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
love this taco bell !	taco bell	positive
the food was delicious .	food	positive
the sausage links were equal to what is served in hospital or buffet line .	sausage links	positive
the sausage links were equal to what is served in hospital or buffet line .	served	negative
the sausage links were equal to what is served in hospital or buffet line .	buffet	positive
love this place .	place	positive
everyone is very friendly when you walk in the door .	everyone	positive
the worst mexican my girlfriend and i have ever had !	mexican	negative
extraordinarily professional both he and his staff .	staff	positive
slow food prep ( _num_ minutes from order to serve ) .	food prep	negative
authentic and legit chinese food you can get in phoenix .	chinese food	positive
i love the live music !	live music	positive
the price was great as well .	price	positive
now it 's our weekly treat .	treat	positive
there service is excellent i heart them .	service	positive
pretty sure i just had the best shrimp burrito i 've ever had .	shrimp burrito	positive
you should still be seated with a reservation before walk ins .	reservation	negative
however , the online part of staples is great !	online	positive
however , the online part of staples is great !	staples	positive
i booked a gel manicure and a pedicure appointment for today at 4:30 pm .	gel manicure	positive
i booked a gel manicure and a pedicure appointment for today at 4:30 pm .	pedicure	positive
pizza was n't hot and barely any toppings on it .	pizza	negative
pizza was n't hot and barely any toppings on it .	toppings	negative
i shut off the water to the cooler and turned off the cooler itself .	water	negative
this is a beautiful theater .	theater	positive
e ) the fries were cold .	fries	negative
great breakfast sandwiches and bagels !	breakfast sandwiches	positive
great breakfast sandwiches and bagels !	bagels	positive
hate this place .	place	negative
they have a thai beer in a large bottle that is pretty good .	thai beer	positive
they have a thai beer in a large bottle that is pretty good .	bottle	positive
this is probably the best camera repair shop in the valley .	camera repair	positive
never could use our gift card .	gift card	positive
everyone was quick , efficient , and friendly .	everyone	positive
the leftovers were just as good the next day !	leftovers	positive
we love rosa 's !	rosa	positive
i 'd definitely recommend this place , especially for a nice romantic occasion .	place	positive
minus _num_ stars because the service was poor and the prices are outrageous .	service	negative
minus _num_ stars because the service was poor and the prices are outrageous .	prices	negative
always a consistent choice for a steak and some drinks with friends .	steak	positive
always a consistent choice for a steak and some drinks with friends .	drinks	positive
the `` game room '' is not a game room .	game room	negative
service is fabulous - but make a reservation !	service	positive
service is fabulous - but make a reservation !	reservation	negative
the food here is excellent .	food	positive
went to this spot on the weekend and the bagels were awful .	bagels	negative
the televisions are over _num_ years old , tube televisions with horrible viewing .	televisions	negative
the televisions are over _num_ years old , tube televisions with horrible viewing .	tube televisions	negative
the televisions are over _num_ years old , tube televisions with horrible viewing .	viewing	negative
river shoes is a must !	river shoes	positive
probably one of my favorite places to go when i 'm in town visiting .	places	positive
great price .	price	positive
i 've always been pleased with his staff and bedside manner .	staff	positive
chopped salads are simply amazing !	chopped salads	positive
the food is amazing , i send all of my clients here .	food	positive
by far the worst thai food i have had .	thai food	negative
a `` mandatory '' $ _num_ for some stupid trash service .	trash service	negative
great job server , john , and mgr .	server	positive
fiesta is definitely my favorite of the fast food mexican places in town .	fast food mexican	positive
great place for a happy hour and to meet up with friends .	place	positive
bad chinese food fast !	chinese food	negative
well worth the trip from anywhere in the valley .	trip	positive
great lunch specials .	lunch specials	positive
service was outstanding .	service	positive
this is my third time using amazing carpet and tile cleaning .	carpet	positive
this is my third time using amazing carpet and tile cleaning .	tile cleaning	positive
the three meals came with chocolate chip cookie , which was excellent .	meals	positive
the three meals came with chocolate chip cookie , which was excellent .	chocolate chip cookie	positive
prices are reasonable , for the most part .	prices	positive
pricey , but lunch was absolutely fabulous .	lunch	positive
i 'll probably just switch doctors all together .	doctors	negative
and topped with an excellent verde salsa .	verde salsa	positive
damn good stuff ... hand boiled and baked .	stuff	positive
absolutely delicious and fresh food .	food	positive
this is a ridiculous fee considering it is almost _num_ days ' rental cost .	rental cost	negative
simply put , this place is a lot of fun !	place	positive
btw the bbq hot wings are divine !	bbq hot wings	positive
although both dishes were somewhat tasty , they simply did n't hit the mark .	dishes	positive
unfortunately , our viewing time was cut short by a pushy waitress .	viewing	negative
unfortunately , our viewing time was cut short by a pushy waitress .	waitress	negative
good food .	food	positive
this restaurant is a hidden gem .	restaurant	positive
lately , just simply awful lazy servers , cold fries _num_ of ten visits .	servers	negative
thank you emily !	emily	positive
there are lots of tvs and your typical dive bar patrons .	tvs	positive
there are lots of tvs and your typical dive bar patrons .	dive bar patrons	positive
small store but great selection .	store	positive
small store but great selection .	selection	positive
the rest of the meat selection is also no good .	meat selection	negative
the potato salad was so bland i ended up sending everything back .	potato salad	negative
very sad to see whats happened to this place .	place	negative
this place is awful !	place	negative
very poor customer service .	customer service	negative
they were one of my favorite eateries .	eateries	positive
they price match some online places , so be prepared for that .	price	negative
they price match some online places , so be prepared for that .	places	negative
very very red , as if cooked with tomato paste .	tomato paste	negative
my favorite place .	place	positive
great enviroment inside , friendly people .	enviroment	positive
great enviroment inside , friendly people .	people	positive
outstanding italian food in old town tonight .	italian food	positive
bad service ... took my business elsewhere ... would recommend the same .	service	negative
for instance , my salad was swimming in vinaigrette .	salad	positive
great service as well .	service	positive
i love the prices .	prices	positive
we enjoyed the mussels and calamari which was very tasty .	mussels and calamari	positive
give it a shot especially if you love italian food !	italian food	positive
not even filtered .	filtered	negative
it did not come sizzling and the onions on the side were cold .	onions	negative
amazing service !	service	positive
so go for the experience and ambience ... it 's classic and memorable .	ambience	positive
i called the tech sunday , no answer .	tech	negative
it 's a good little concert venue .	concert venue	positive
also they have coupons on their website !	coupons	positive
this place is the worst .	place	negative
the food is hands down the best in town .	food	positive
pepsi was n't refilled .	pepsi	negative
everyone enjoyed their food .	food	positive
it was worth the wait and ca n't wait to order again !	wait	positive
it was worth the wait and ca n't wait to order again !	ca	positive
his mechanic also confirmed there was no leak .	mechanic	positive
pretentious staff and clientele .	staff	negative
this is my favorite steak house for sure .	steak house	positive
regardless , there are plenty of better places to go for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
the salsa tasted like nasty .	salsa	negative
did i want the chicken parm sandwich ?	chicken parm sandwich	positive
we absolutely loved the food .	food	positive
the portions are also quite generous .	portions	positive
wow this was good pizza !	pizza	positive
solid food and service .	food	positive
solid food and service .	service	positive
the food was pretty good .	food	positive
when we asked for another waitress , she refused .	waitress	negative
bartender was a rude bitch .	bartender	negative
it was fun to look at all of the wall `` decorations '' .	decorations	positive
very good follow through on keeping me updated with my prescription status !	prescription status	positive
great food amazing service great prices !	food	positive
great food amazing service great prices !	service	positive
great food amazing service great prices !	prices	positive
i had the teriyaki sirloin , but there was nothing teriyaki about it .	teriyaki sirloin	negative
the office and surgery room was very clean .	office	positive
the office and surgery room was very clean .	surgery room	positive
the desserts are a must !	desserts	positive
plus every protein was over cooked !	protein	negative
refuses to replace outdoor lighting , making a dangerous place at night .	outdoor lighting	negative
refuses to replace outdoor lighting , making a dangerous place at night .	place	negative
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	camera place	positive
the service was impeccable .	service	positive
so nice to have such a great place right down the street .	place	positive
the waiter was fabulous as well .	waiter	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
mediocre food .	food	negative
i 'll certainly be back for more of these perfect , blueberry pancakes ... .	blueberry pancakes	positive
save yourself some grief avoid marquee theater .	marquee theater	negative
possibly the best king crab ever !	king crab	positive
great staff , good selection .	staff	positive
our home warranty company called this company to service our pool motor .	home warranty company	positive
our home warranty company called this company to service our pool motor .	pool motor	positive
definitely come here for a good tune up on your bike .	tune	positive
very reasonably priced as well .	priced	positive
the soup was ordered by three others , and it was egg drop soup .	soup	negative
the soup was ordered by three others , and it was egg drop soup .	egg drop soup	negative
the beef was dry .	beef	negative
mode from the customer service representative ( not the mechanic ) .	customer service	positive
terrible , terrible , terrible customer service .	customer service	negative
the food is pretty standard , but good .	food	positive
not surprisingly , the next morning they said the employees denied taking the money .	employees	negative
not surprisingly , the next morning they said the employees denied taking the money .	money	negative
really soupy and had a strange flavor .	soupy	negative
really soupy and had a strange flavor .	flavor	negative
definitely a unique and worthwhile place in scottsdale .	place	positive
i must bring $ _num_ to get my car back .	car	positive
great staff , very polite and helpful .	staff	positive
i got the ny steak .	ny steak	positive
very reasonable price for her caliber !	price	positive
big surf , more like big mistake .	surf	negative
good service , nice employees .	service	positive
good service , nice employees .	employees	positive
love the ceviche and the fish wrapped in banana leaves is so yummy !	ceviche	positive
love the ceviche and the fish wrapped in banana leaves is so yummy !	fish wrapped in banana leaves	positive
horrible hours .	hours	negative
the servers was good and really attentive .	servers	positive
what place in arizona does n't allow dogs on the patio ?	dogs	negative
what place in arizona does n't allow dogs on the patio ?	patio	negative
the attention to customer satisfactory and the urgency to resolve is refreshing .	customer	positive
it was a shame because we were really looking forward to dining there .	dining	positive
i looked for the crab , there was none .	crab	negative
literally the best service here .	service	positive
the food is so good and i seriously always feel like family .	food	positive
lots of food , plenty to share .	food	positive
been to this place _num_ times , this morning being the 3rd .	place	positive
fun place and plenty to do !	place	positive
ct has great happy hour specials , too .	happy hour specials	positive
and they said they would give me a $ _num_ gift card .	gift card	positive
nice casual atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
love this place !	place	positive
would recommend this self storage complex along with just in time moving company .	self storage complex	positive
best pizza and apps with a great bar and friendly staff .	pizza	positive
best pizza and apps with a great bar and friendly staff .	apps	positive
best pizza and apps with a great bar and friendly staff .	bar	positive
best pizza and apps with a great bar and friendly staff .	staff	positive
went for breakfast this morning , was n't very busy and service was horrible .	breakfast	negative
went for breakfast this morning , was n't very busy and service was horrible .	service	negative
even the small portion is a good size and i still usually have leftovers .	portion	positive
the pizza was supposed to be delivered within an hour .	pizza	negative
you get four tacos , seasoned beef or chicken .	tacos	positive
you get four tacos , seasoned beef or chicken .	seasoned beef	positive
you get four tacos , seasoned beef or chicken .	chicken	positive
the manicure was clean and enjoyable !	manicure	positive
the food is magnificent !	food	positive
i would highly recommend if you like this type of soup .	soup	positive
i explained i couldnt as my husband was at work with our truck .	truck	negative
having said that , the food is so good we come back anyway .	food	positive
very nice meat market , bakery and grocery .	meat market	positive
very nice meat market , bakery and grocery .	bakery	positive
i love this place , shocked at how others thought it was expensive .	place	positive
dinner was excellent as was the service .	dinner	positive
dinner was excellent as was the service .	service	positive
the brick ice cream is insanely good .	brick ice cream	positive
food , service , and atmosphere were all top notch !	food	positive
food , service , and atmosphere were all top notch !	service	positive
food , service , and atmosphere were all top notch !	atmosphere	positive
i had a ring designed there and rusty was wonderful to work with .	ring	positive
the mac and cheese was and mashed potatoes and gravy was good .	mac and cheese	positive
the mac and cheese was and mashed potatoes and gravy was good .	mashed potatoes	positive
the mac and cheese was and mashed potatoes and gravy was good .	gravy	positive
food is good .	food	positive
customer service is mediocre at best .	customer service	negative
awesome atmosphere and a unique place to go .	atmosphere	positive
awesome atmosphere and a unique place to go .	place	positive
deli counter is outstanding as are the other items on the shelves .	deli counter	positive
deli counter is outstanding as are the other items on the shelves .	shelves	positive
very nice dining room , but still casual .	dining room	positive
excellent place for business or pleasure .	business	positive
$ _num_ for a corona ?	corona	positive
i felt like i had dinner with family .	dinner	positive
still an awesome time .	time	positive
a great place to meet up with friends .	place	positive
i have made the most beautiful cards in her classes also .	cards	positive
the guest service agents were not friendly nor welcoming .	guest service agents	negative
great service from moe , the general manager .	service	positive
great service from moe , the general manager .	general manager	positive
their outdoor patio space was beautiful and quaint too .	outdoor patio space	positive
unique ambiance .	ambiance	positive
i always get extra chipotle sauce in mine and just one fills me up .	chipotle sauce	positive
yes , i 'm dumb on how i spend my money .	money	negative
they would n't give me a quote over the phone for an exact procedure .	procedure	negative
you can also see into the kitchen which is pretty interesting .	kitchen	positive
excellent food and service for lunch last week .	food	positive
excellent food and service for lunch last week .	service	positive
excellent food and service for lunch last week .	lunch	positive
great dancing .	dancing	positive
a hidden treasure up on pinnacle peak & pima !	peak &	positive
my daughter said we do n't live in the same household .	household	negative
we had a great waitress and eager pleasant service .	waitress	positive
we had a great waitress and eager pleasant service .	service	positive
not on my receipt ( which i thankfully i kept . )	receipt	negative
asada and carne adovada is fantastic !	asada	positive
the accommodations were wonderful and i felt like i was in paradise .	accommodations	positive
they clearly get an f for customer service .	customer service	negative
they offer truly authentic new mexican cuisine .	new mexican cuisine	positive
the office staff are very friendly & helpful .	office staff	positive
went for happy hour and was impressed with the selection of drinks and appetizers .	selection of drinks	positive
went for happy hour and was impressed with the selection of drinks and appetizers .	appetizers	positive
i will never go back to this trash bucket .	trash bucket	negative
the prime rib was cooked perfectly and well seasoned .	prime rib	positive
service was top notch also .	service	positive
an excellent spot for a date night or special occasion !	spot	positive
why the course is nice and very well deserve a _num_ .	course	positive
stuffed peppers = delicious !	stuffed peppers	positive
this place is fantastic .	place	positive
they also offer skin care services , nails , laser , etc .	skin care services	positive
they also offer skin care services , nails , laser , etc .	nails	positive
as for the food , wow what a disappointment .	food	negative
it 's great good , the alcohol is great too !	alcohol	positive
my replacement meal was of the normally expected quality .	replacement meal	negative
my replacement meal was of the normally expected quality .	quality	negative
the absolutely most honest , reliable and reasonable place ever !	place	positive
the toppings all slipped from the crust when picking up a piece .	toppings	negative
the toppings all slipped from the crust when picking up a piece .	crust	negative
sometimes with nachos , sometimes with a burrito .	nachos	positive
sometimes with nachos , sometimes with a burrito .	burrito	positive
the best quality , quantity , and price .	quality	positive
the best quality , quantity , and price .	quantity	positive
the best quality , quantity , and price .	price	positive
amazing hot sauce .	hot sauce	positive
she then transferred the call to the assistant 's voicemail .	assistant	negative
found my new hair cut spot !	hair cut spot	positive
suzanne 's was amazing !	suzanne	positive
the view is amazing .	view	positive
also the meats and cheese were just thin slices , nothing of exceptional quality .	meats	negative
also the meats and cheese were just thin slices , nothing of exceptional quality .	cheese	negative
also the meats and cheese were just thin slices , nothing of exceptional quality .	quality	negative
his crew started the job on time , and they were all great .	crew	positive
food was phenomenal !	food	positive
on the other hand , my goodness , their sandwiches are amazing .	sandwiches	positive
they really made my birthday vacation extra special posting pictures !	pictures	positive
which they attempted to mask with guac and pico .	guac and pico	negative
their phone etiquette is not pleasant .	phone etiquette	negative
the tamales were great and the ceviche had a great kick .	tamales	positive
the tamales were great and the ceviche had a great kick .	ceviche	positive
it tasted like it was watered down with sewer water .	sewer water	negative
i will wait until i find another camping world or rv store .	camping world	positive
i will wait until i find another camping world or rv store .	rv store	positive
i would recommend anyone to heather !	heather	positive
very friendly and sweet front desk staff and also a very clean office .	front desk staff	positive
very friendly and sweet front desk staff and also a very clean office .	office	positive
a gas station , convenience store , and a mcdonalds all rolled into one .	gas station	negative
a gas station , convenience store , and a mcdonalds all rolled into one .	convenience store	positive
a gas station , convenience store , and a mcdonalds all rolled into one .	mcdonalds	positive
service was great , very personable , and great inventory of items .	service	positive
service was great , very personable , and great inventory of items .	inventory	positive
once i even purchased a battery from them and their mobile van service .	battery	negative
once i even purchased a battery from them and their mobile van service .	mobile van service	negative
the pizza at barro 's is really good .	pizza	positive
intimate stadium in old town scottsdale .	stadium	positive
i had to get the cart from behind he and load my own groceries .	cart	negative
i had to get the cart from behind he and load my own groceries .	groceries	negative
tasty nachos .	nachos	positive
the owner 's are amazing - friendly , warm , and talented !	owner	positive
the service was fast and friendly !	service	positive
very mediocre place .	place	negative
personal service , great prices .	personal service	positive
personal service , great prices .	prices	positive
who is giving this place more than _num_ star ?	place	positive
the service is nice enough and the place seem clean .	service	positive
the service is nice enough and the place seem clean .	place	positive
the noodles were too rubbery and the flavors were pretty standard .	noodles	negative
the noodles were too rubbery and the flavors were pretty standard .	flavors	positive
i had the mexican chocolate latte - amazing !	mexican chocolate latte	positive
so friendly and service is quick and efficient .	service	positive
i called groupon and immediately they agreed and apologized and refunded me my money .	money	negative
here the girl at the door was looking down did n't even notice me .	girl	negative
the food 's not too bad .	food	positive
lovely store , lovely people .	store	positive
lovely store , lovely people .	people	positive
all u could taste was corn tortilla , thick , and dry .	corn tortilla	negative
best real italian in the valley by far .	italian	positive
candle lit and quiet , with great appetizers and stiff drinks .	appetizers	positive
candle lit and quiet , with great appetizers and stiff drinks .	drinks	positive
very convenient hours , professional , and thorough .	hours	positive
the barbeque chicken was ok .	barbeque chicken	negative
service was great , food was even better .	service	positive
service was great , food was even better .	food	positive
this place is so comfortable ... it 's dark and full of comfy couches .	place	positive
this place is so comfortable ... it 's dark and full of comfy couches .	couches	positive
omg the food at this place was amazing .	food	positive
a great place for large parties .	parties	positive
great breakfast joint .	breakfast joint	positive
in other words , their pizza is horrible .	pizza	negative
i took my _num_ cats here to have their nails trimmed .	nails	positive
not worth the money in any way !	money	negative
great variety .	variety	positive
the service was good but not enough to bring me back .	service	positive
avoid at all costs unless you want diarrhea soup for dessert .	diarrhea soup	negative
avoid at all costs unless you want diarrhea soup for dessert .	dessert	negative
service was awful !	service	negative
a miles motel desk clerk .	motel desk clerk	positive
the little bar snacks they give you as well are great !	bar snacks	positive
a new tech called me this time .	tech	positive
soup was bland , almost had no flavor .	soup	negative
best italian food we 've had since moving here _num_ years ago .	italian food	positive
the atmosphere is cool , but the food stinks .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is cool , but the food stinks .	food	negative
this place is horrible !	place	negative
lol prices are great .	prices	positive
there are more friendly places to play and i will not be going back .	places	positive
slices are great , full pies are delicious , salads and wings are tasty .	slices	positive
slices are great , full pies are delicious , salads and wings are tasty .	full pies	positive
slices are great , full pies are delicious , salads and wings are tasty .	salads	positive
slices are great , full pies are delicious , salads and wings are tasty .	wings	positive
very small store but well stocked for most japanese eats .	store	negative
very small store but well stocked for most japanese eats .	japanese eats	positive
had a great , fun dinner here last night celebrating my sister 's birthday .	dinner	positive
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	dresses	negative
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	price	negative
food decent , atmosphere is nonexistent !	food	positive
food decent , atmosphere is nonexistent !	atmosphere	positive
ordered _num_ domestic drafts , laid down a $ _num_ .	drafts	positive
no sausage .	sausage	negative
there were _num_ hostesses standing around and several very bored looking bus boys .	hostesses	negative
there were _num_ hostesses standing around and several very bored looking bus boys .	bus boys	negative
the staff is friendly and easy to work with .	staff	positive
unique atmosphere , average service , creative menu .	atmosphere	positive
unique atmosphere , average service , creative menu .	service	positive
unique atmosphere , average service , creative menu .	menu	positive
the mechanics i 've dealt with were honest .	mechanics	positive
the restaurant was very clean with lots of clean places to sit and eat .	places	positive
and the salmon which was just bad .	salmon	negative
_num_ months to get a show door installed .	show door	positive
i had my car detailed today after taking it on a road trip .	car	positive
great atmosphere and the food is top notch .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and the food is top notch .	food	positive
if you are wanting good sushi go here .	sushi	positive
for _num_ entrees , _num_ rice and _num_ orders of plain naan .	rice	positive
it should not be so difficult to get a store credit for a purchase .	store credit	negative
it should not be so difficult to get a store credit for a purchase .	purchase	negative
this place was so good , i came back today to order again !	place	positive
great portions and worth the price .	portions	positive
great portions and worth the price .	price	positive
my personal favorite for mexican food .	mexican food	positive
i dream about the tacos from this place !	tacos	positive
i dream about the tacos from this place !	place	positive
the kids unlimited ride pass is reasonably priced .	kids	positive
the kids unlimited ride pass is reasonably priced .	ride pass	positive
the nachos were sent back due to flavor of oil and ordered something different .	nachos	negative
the nachos were sent back due to flavor of oil and ordered something different .	flavor of oil	negative
fun crowd here today at the a 's vs. giants game .	crowd	positive
i got the top hat sundae .	top hat sundae	positive
everyone who served us was having fun .	served	positive
the ambience is well worth it .	ambience	positive
this is legit new mexican food !	new mexican food	positive
really nice store .	store	positive
i recommend the pork chops , seabass , or the meatloaf .	pork chops	positive
i recommend the pork chops , seabass , or the meatloaf .	seabass	positive
i recommend the pork chops , seabass , or the meatloaf .	meatloaf	positive
the manicure was terrible .	manicure	negative
the setting was sub par ... way sub par .	setting	negative
there is a really bad smell as soon as you walk inside the door .	smell	negative
very good traditional mexican food .	traditional mexican food	positive
it is a shame that such a good restaurant had such terrible service .	service	negative
good food ... it 's taco bell , and the staff was cool .	food	positive
good food ... it 's taco bell , and the staff was cool .	staff	positive
worst office support i have ever encountered	office support	negative
cute , cute , cute place !	place	positive
very pleased with my new stylist !	stylist	positive
hard to believe this gym is in scottsdale .	gym	positive
i love this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the salads are so fresh the seafood is delicious and the pasta is amazing .	salads	positive
the salads are so fresh the seafood is delicious and the pasta is amazing .	seafood	positive
the salads are so fresh the seafood is delicious and the pasta is amazing .	pasta	positive
love this place !	place	positive
cost is very reasonable .	cost	positive
this is my new nail salon !	nail salon	positive
thank you for the sincere care .	care	positive
the happy hour makes the pricing a little more reasonable .	pricing	positive
the ladies are friendly and prompt .	ladies	positive
came here for my little sister 's family graduation party and wow !	graduation	positive
this place is no better than a garbage dump .	place	negative
this place is no better than a garbage dump .	garbage dump	negative
very quaint little place with locals who enjoy the services they provide .	services	positive
so this place literally ruined christmas for us .	place	negative
terrible service and extremely unfriendly .	service	negative
i highly recommend this medical practice !	medical practice	positive
the service was that bad .	service	negative
i ordered the shrimp and hubby ordered the steak .	shrimp	positive
i ordered the shrimp and hubby ordered the steak .	hubby	positive
i ordered the shrimp and hubby ordered the steak .	steak	positive
all age groups go there and they also have great food .	food	positive
love my chiropractor !	chiropractor	positive
i really enjoyed dinner here .	dinner	positive
why they are little sichuan i do n't know .	sichuan	negative
our server had _num_ tables max .	server	positive
the salsa was also fantastic .	salsa	positive
lots of better places around !	places	positive
i wish i could say the same for my burrito .	burrito	positive
i would say this is a 2-3 star place , and not any more .	place	positive
everything else was high-end brand names and too pricey .	brand names	negative
they proceed to rush us thru our salads .	salads	negative
i always go with the classic lamb and beef gyro .	lamb	positive
i always go with the classic lamb and beef gyro .	beef gyro	positive
i highly recommend this place .	place	positive
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	hotel	negative
everyone thought the meal was great .	meal	positive
what a great place to shop !	place	positive
that 's great follow up customer service .	customer service	positive
plastic container , which is a cheap plastic piece of junk .	container	positive
excellent place to watch a game , grab some food and have a drink !	game	positive
excellent place to watch a game , grab some food and have a drink !	food	positive
excellent place to watch a game , grab some food and have a drink !	drink	positive
my boyfriend 's pad see ew was kind of dry .	pad see ew	negative
before they actually repair my car they always call with a price beforehand .	price	negative
really great service .	service	positive
the only thing edible in my order were the biscuits .	biscuits	positive
this location is better than the other ones .	location	positive
both times , but it is a cool place for men as well .	place	positive
it looked like a store bought hamburger bun with shredded cheese melted on top .	hamburger bun with shredded cheese	negative
the food is always fresh .	food	positive
interior : great layout .	interior	positive
interior : great layout .	layout	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
the blue book is $ _num_ .	blue book	positive
oh , and go to their website and you can see individual product reviews !	product reviews	positive
the waitress said real butter is the number one thing customers request .	waitress	positive
the waitress said real butter is the number one thing customers request .	butter	positive
i also found the professionalism , advice and fitting to be of superior quality .	quality	positive
there were no other tables ordering and i find this just odd .	tables ordering	negative
malee 's is the right mix of ambiance , comfort and good food .	ambiance	positive
malee 's is the right mix of ambiance , comfort and good food .	comfort	positive
malee 's is the right mix of ambiance , comfort and good food .	food	positive
i love the baby back ribs they fall right off the bone !	baby back ribs	positive
love this place .	place	positive
the group classes will definitely give you a good work out !	group classes	positive
but only because i wanted the vehicle and payments were decent .	vehicle	positive
but only because i wanted the vehicle and payments were decent .	payments	positive
i like garlic , but this was bad .	garlic	negative
super clean and the drinks are always spot on .	drinks	positive
you trash received my entire order .	trash	negative
very bright and welcoming hosts i recommend this for your breakfast place to go .	hosts	positive
very bright and welcoming hosts i recommend this for your breakfast place to go .	breakfast place	positive
dr. jason angle is the best .	angle	positive
unbelievable how rude this man was .	man	negative
my hubby had the scallops and lobster which were average at best .	scallops	positive
my hubby had the scallops and lobster which were average at best .	lobster	positive
shockingly rude staff !	staff	negative
ignore the strip mall location , and enjoy .	strip mall location	negative
love the ambiance with all the sports memorabilia everywhere .	ambiance	positive
love the ambiance with all the sports memorabilia everywhere .	sports memorabilia	positive
first , we waited over _num_ min for pickup .	pickup	negative
this is one of my favorite place to go .	place	positive
meh , it 's too `` this is my new haircut '' scene .	haircut	positive
meh , it 's too `` this is my new haircut '' scene .	scene	positive
greatest sushi find in scottsdale .	sushi find	positive
gracious and friendly staff .	staff	positive
the flavors are truly original , unlike anything i have ever tasted .	flavors	positive
really an omg experience !	omg	positive
great prices , however .	prices	positive
love the hash .	hash	positive
my favorite mexican food place hands down !	mexican food place	positive
service was impeccable ( ivan ) .	service	positive
i had the fish and chips .	fish and chips	positive
if the ambience isnt enough to kill your appetite , the food sure is .	ambience	negative
if the ambience isnt enough to kill your appetite , the food sure is .	food	positive
clean facilities and amazing staff .	facilities	positive
clean facilities and amazing staff .	staff	positive
their wings are excellent .	wings	positive
waiter was obnoxious and became extremely annoying as the evening went on .	waiter	negative
my entire group liked the food .	food	positive
i feel the drinks are reasonably priced and the service is good .	drinks	positive
i feel the drinks are reasonably priced and the service is good .	priced	positive
i feel the drinks are reasonably priced and the service is good .	service	positive
crab puff was typical .	crab puff	positive
the place was filthy , covered in a layer of dust .	place	negative
the theatre is just beautiful !	theatre	positive
nope , no flavor .	flavor	negative
this food was horrible .	food	negative
i love this dry cleaner !	dry cleaner	positive
highly recommend the scottsdale vet clinic .	scottsdale vet clinic	positive
bad treatment , the owner is very rude and the staff are not friendly .	owner	negative
bad treatment , the owner is very rude and the staff are not friendly .	staff	negative
the staff is very friendly .	staff	positive
last time i went , i requested a fill in .	fill	negative
carl was a fantastic help and i will be returning .	carl	positive
pizza has an amazing thin crust .	pizza	positive
pizza has an amazing thin crust .	crust	positive
great place to eat .	place	positive
the tamales are out of this world amazing !	tamales	positive
bakery wee created our baby shower cake , which was amazing !	baby shower cake	positive
the staff is also very welcoming .	staff	positive
these guys are fantastic .	guys	positive
you must check out this hidden gem !	gem	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
i do n't get here very often but i always love their carne asada .	carne asada	positive
excellent prices !	prices	positive
no truffle flavor whatsoever .	truffle flavor	negative
server was friendly but wait time for food was an hour plus .	server	positive
server was friendly but wait time for food was an hour plus .	wait time for food	negative
food was so good - sweet potatoe ravioli and chicken parm .	food	positive
food was so good - sweet potatoe ravioli and chicken parm .	sweet potatoe ravioli	positive
food was so good - sweet potatoe ravioli and chicken parm .	chicken parm	positive
this is a great place to get a reasonably priced lunch .	lunch	positive
no dessert .	dessert	negative
this restaurant is just right next to our house .	restaurant	positive
slices are good with good variety .	slices	positive
the guy is confused .	guy	negative
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	fees	negative
the homemade pita is excellent .	homemade pita	positive
i love all the techs that work there .	techs	positive
everything on the menu is delicious .	menu	positive
even so this is not my complaint about this place .	place	negative
we stopped recently for lunch and had an excellent pie .	lunch	positive
we stopped recently for lunch and had an excellent pie .	pie	positive
sorry to ruin your empty salon , dude .	salon	negative
they make their own eggrolls , but they were n't that good .	eggrolls	negative
a delightful dining experience .	dining experience	positive
the service was excellent and super friendly .	service	positive
all are affordable , and some of the pieces are actually really good .	pieces	positive
staff has been outstanding .	staff	positive
i love how close china palace is .	china palace	positive
she definitely knows her work and knows skin !	skin	positive
good gym overall .	gym	positive
pink champagne cake was amazing !	pink champagne cake	positive
my family always loves coming here to this great neighborhood pizzeria .	neighborhood	positive
moderate price range , but we 'll worth the money .	price range	negative
our server was pleasant and very on the ball .	server	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
they only have pizza and calzones but pizza alone is worth it !	pizza	positive
they only have pizza and calzones but pizza alone is worth it !	calzones	positive
pretty good place that 's very popular .	place	positive
not the best attitude for the hospitality industry .	hospitality	negative
the food was also great and my wife is hard to please .	food	positive
the chicken sandwich was so dry it was hard to chew .	chicken sandwich	negative
course was beautiful !	course	positive
this place has an awesome concept !	place	positive
it 's mostly furniture , so it 's excellent for remodeling your room !	furniture	positive
it 's mostly furniture , so it 's excellent for remodeling your room !	room	positive
i absolutely love the color and cut of my hair !	color	positive
i absolutely love the color and cut of my hair !	cut	positive
i 've worked in food business and that 's not acceptable .	food business	negative
the service was absolutely horrible .	service	negative
the service each time i have visited has been terrible .	service	negative
i will never go more than a couple weeks now without this wonderful food !	food	positive
such a shame as this place was right down the street for me .	place	negative
it has a nice , quiet pool and a bar .	pool	positive
it has a nice , quiet pool and a bar .	bar	positive
and great service too , thx to our waiter jeff .	service	positive
and great service too , thx to our waiter jeff .	waiter	positive
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .	mexican food	positive
i got the chicken parm delivered .	chicken parm delivered	positive
the punch card is a great deal too .	punch card	positive
the outdoor seating is great when the weather is nice !	outdoor seating	positive
the staff here are really wonderful and friendly .	staff	positive
six months later i get a bill for $ _num_ .	bill	positive
called my cc company .	cc company	positive
i love this location !	location	positive
my favorite mexican food in the phoenix area .	mexican food	positive
it 's not as if the place was busy .	place	negative
everyone is always so happy and helpful .	everyone	positive
service is super-friendly and makes it clear they appreciate your business .	service	positive
the rice needs a little more flavor , but beans were good .	rice	negative
the rice needs a little more flavor , but beans were good .	flavor	negative
the rice needs a little more flavor , but beans were good .	beans	positive
i always get good service here , everyone is super nice .	service	positive
unfortunately , i can not say the same of the fitness class .	fitness class	negative
the pollo margarita was stuffed chicken breast with cheese and peppers .	pollo margarita was	positive
the pollo margarita was stuffed chicken breast with cheese and peppers .	peppers	positive
one bite and i was in the restroom throwing up .	restroom	negative
fiesta burrito is meh .	fiesta burrito	positive
food was amazing ... and i 'm super picky about my italian .	food	positive
food was amazing ... and i 'm super picky about my italian .	italian	positive
_num_ mins later , i get a call ... x-rays look great .	x-rays	positive
this review is strictly for relish burger bistro located at resort by golf club .	burger bistro	positive
they could n't take the bone out for _num_ $ hmmm ) .	bone	negative
a good place to get some warm supper .	place	positive
a good place to get some warm supper .	supper	positive
it still takes them _num_ minutes to do a basic oil change .	basic oil change	negative
recommend this place if you 're visiting and you need your italian food fixing !	place	positive
recommend this place if you 're visiting and you need your italian food fixing !	italian food	positive
i miss the old food , menu and ambiance .	food	positive
i miss the old food , menu and ambiance .	menu	positive
i miss the old food , menu and ambiance .	ambiance	positive
quickly leaving that area we had to ask around to find the haunted house .	haunted house	negative
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	pizza	positive
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	ranch	positive
otherwise , the staff was nice and the restaurant itself was clean .	staff	positive
it is as if sugar is the only spice that this restaurant knows .	sugar	positive
i 've had better sushi but it was cheap so that was a plus .	sushi	positive
pastries might not be the best , but the espresso is always well prepared !	pastries	negative
pastries might not be the best , but the espresso is always well prepared !	espresso	positive
do n't ever waste your time or hard earned money here !	money	positive
my traditional early morning oatmeal or yogurt breakfast was not going to do .	oatmeal	negative
my traditional early morning oatmeal or yogurt breakfast was not going to do .	yogurt breakfast	negative
i absolutely loved this store !	store	positive
the salads are ok , nothing special here .	salads	negative
they did n't even bother to try filling my tire with air .	air	negative
clean , courteous , good food and great value .	food	positive
clean , courteous , good food and great value .	value	positive
chili verde also good ; spicy .	chili verde	positive
my wife loves the margherita pizza .	margherita pizza	positive
i honestly think pita jungle is just mediocre and over priced .	pita jungle	negative
i honestly think pita jungle is just mediocre and over priced .	priced	negative
great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the wait is enjoyable because they is lots of sports memorabilia to look at !	wait	positive
if you have a membership trip another la fitness .	membership	positive
the servers were nowhere to be seen .	servers	negative
this restaurant has a problem .	restaurant	negative
excellent steaks and ambience .	steaks	positive
excellent steaks and ambience .	ambience	positive
the staff is professional , kind , and welcoming .	staff	positive
prices are reasonable and the food is good .	prices	positive
prices are reasonable and the food is good .	food	positive
this another place that i would give no stars to if possible .	place	negative
their pricing is super affordable and the food is delicious !	pricing	positive
their pricing is super affordable and the food is delicious !	food	positive
keep up the good work santisi bros !	santisi bros	positive
this place was a sausage fest .	sausage	positive
went for bagel and lox and thought it was pretty good .	bagel and lox	positive
i 've already recommended scottsdale smile to my parents !	scottsdale	positive
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	blended	negative
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	grilled pieces	negative
incredibly long wait times .	wait times	negative
i had a french dip and it was delicious .	french dip	positive
service excellent .	service	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
this place has it down !	place	positive
everything was fresh and the service we attentive .	service	positive
fantastic breakfast burritos !	breakfast burritos	positive
every park i 've been to in the valley has provided a better experience .	park	positive
i get a falafel pita ( delicious ! )	falafel pita	positive
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	wine	negative
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	food	negative
they constantly have their friends here to chat and smoke cigarettes with .	cigarettes	positive
the food had good flavor and variety .	food	positive
the food had good flavor and variety .	flavor	positive
highly recommended for any meal or any large event .	meal	positive
i really do n't want to spend an extra $ _num_ .	$	negative
the food was okay , but the service was terrible .	food	positive
the food was okay , but the service was terrible .	service	negative
this used to be one of our favorite places .	places	positive
she said she was too busy with prom dresses .	prom dresses	negative
if she 's doing that imagine what she 's doing to the store owner .	store owner	negative
if that was n't enough , the food is great !	food	positive
food is always served fast and fresh .	food	positive
food is always served fast and fresh .	served	positive
he is definitely a size friendly doctor !	doctor	positive
the salon is very clean and stylish .	salon	positive
the best italian i have had in arizona !	italian	positive
excellent atmosphere , service , and food .	atmosphere	positive
excellent atmosphere , service , and food .	service	positive
excellent atmosphere , service , and food .	food	positive
it is a nice restaurant , with a dark wood decor .	wood decor	positive
and they also would n't allow us to order any of the specials either .	specials	negative
the sales staff is most excellent .	sales staff	positive
wish we had ordered the french toast because it did look very good .	french toast	positive
this woman is amazing .	woman	positive
when we did get seated , the waitress was even more clueless .	waitress	negative
but my color and cut always looks great .	color	positive
but my color and cut always looks great .	cut	positive
the best food i 've had in a long time from a restaurant .	food	positive
i cant get enough of their margaritas and fine mexican food .	margaritas	positive
i cant get enough of their margaritas and fine mexican food .	mexican food	positive
the work was perfect .	work	positive
these guys are fantastic !	guys	positive
well after one sip of the second beer , i knew it was nasty .	beer	negative
let me just start by saying i loved sushi _num_ until tonight .	sushi _num_	positive
food is great .	food	positive
love this place .	place	positive
the uni was gross .	uni	negative
inside is even better .	inside	positive
the portions are huge and the ambience is great .	portions	positive
the portions are huge and the ambience is great .	ambience	positive
service was highly attentive .	service	positive
the food speaks for itself !	food	positive
i was so disappointed ... for the last time with this location .	location	negative
the calzone took about _num_ minutes , but the wait was worth it !	calzone	positive
the calzone took about _num_ minutes , but the wait was worth it !	wait	positive
perhaps more customer service training is needed .	customer service	negative
the vegetables were not fresh or seasonal and the baked potato had no substance .	vegetables	negative
the vegetables were not fresh or seasonal and the baked potato had no substance .	baked potato	negative
the breakfast was good , but the fudge was great .	breakfast	positive
the breakfast was good , but the fudge was great .	fudge	positive
this was just a short , skinny section of over-cooked flank steak .	flank steak	negative
it was the worst fried food i ever tasted .	fried food	negative
i really wanted to like this business .	business	positive
poor customer service with no value for the customer .	customer service	negative
the server was horrible .	server	negative
small ... my apartment must be a museum too then .	apartment	negative
this meal was definitely not up to the reputation to say the least .	meal	negative
over priced hole in the wall pizza joint .	pizza joint	negative
great service for our group of _num_ .	service	positive
the installation was perfect and i now have a nice clear windshield .	installation	positive
the installation was perfect and i now have a nice clear windshield .	windshield	positive
the green enchilada sauce is a must .	green enchilada sauce	positive
very reasonable prices too !	prices	positive
the calamari appetizer and their angry edamame are pretty yummy !	calamari appetizer	positive
the calamari appetizer and their angry edamame are pretty yummy !	edamame	positive
he did n't listen to me and set up an appt for weight loss .	appt	negative
he did n't listen to me and set up an appt for weight loss .	weight loss	negative
great variety and delicious dessert which i ordered coconut ice cream .	dessert	positive
great variety and delicious dessert which i ordered coconut ice cream .	coconut ice cream	positive
a bit on the rude side as well ... service was n't that great .	service	negative
no waiting in long lines .	waiting	positive
no waiting in long lines .	lines	positive
no wonder such a screwed up med system .	med system	negative
the attitude is very bad .	attitude	negative
buffet had too many similar choices .	buffet	negative
still no soda .	soda	negative
i ordered the shrimp scampi which was quite delightful .	shrimp scampi	positive
_num_ -- which i just experienced , is an incompetent work force .	work	negative
they have real silverware and `` real '' plastic plates !	silverware	positive
they have real silverware and `` real '' plastic plates !	plates	positive
kale salad exceptionally tasty and i 've never liked kale before !	kale salad	positive
kale salad exceptionally tasty and i 've never liked kale before !	kale	positive
service there is rude !	service	negative
the food was amazing , service was fantastic and overall a fabulous experience .	food	positive
the food was amazing , service was fantastic and overall a fabulous experience .	service	positive
the bone-in ribeye was much better .	bone-in ribeye	positive
big fan of this place .	place	positive
unfortunately , lalibela will have to settle for being 2nd best .	lalibela	negative
food is really good if you like spicy .	food	positive
this place has awesome margaritas on the rocks .	margaritas	positive
i was n't expecting much , but to my delight i loved this place !	place	positive
definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
the woman at return was less than helpful .	woman	negative
so that 's pretty shady and not cool .	shady	negative
this place is a great value , especially if you want to leave stuffed .	place	positive
for example my entree was served with truffle gnocchi .	entree	positive
for example my entree was served with truffle gnocchi .	served	negative
for example my entree was served with truffle gnocchi .	truffle gnocchi	positive
i ordered the braised short ribs with truffle gnocchi .	braised short ribs with truffle gnocchi	positive
the food is fantastic .	food	positive
great service !	service	positive
pepperoni is the best i 've tasted .	pepperoni	positive
love this little family owned place !	place	positive
this is my favorite hidden gem in scottsdale : ) love roaring fork !	roaring fork	positive
the inside is a little small and crowded and not good for group lunches .	inside	negative
the inside is a little small and crowded and not good for group lunches .	group lunches	negative
but the food is different and delicious .	food	positive
awesome food and friendly staff .	food	positive
awesome food and friendly staff .	staff	positive
great salon with a nice little restaurant and shopping area .	salon	positive
great salon with a nice little restaurant and shopping area .	shopping area	positive
the staff was really friendly and i 'd definitely recommend them .	staff	positive
still in my mind as the best place i 've ever been .	place	positive
love filiberto 's .	filiberto 's	positive
the masseuse apologized saying that he was sorry i did n't enjoy my massage .	masseuse	negative
the masseuse apologized saying that he was sorry i did n't enjoy my massage .	massage	negative
two words : filet mignon !	filet mignon	positive
almost like there was mayonnaise in it .	mayonnaise	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
big portions , slow service , bland sides .	portions	negative
big portions , slow service , bland sides .	service	negative
the staff was friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
the management is great !	management	positive
they have some sexy costume stuff , but that looked cheap too .	costume stuff	positive
tiffany did make a change and this time the service was great !	service	positive
we got two meals delivered and then nothing , the server just left .	meals	negative
we got two meals delivered and then nothing , the server just left .	server	negative
the place was disgusting , too many employees standing around doing nothing as well .	place	negative
the place was disgusting , too many employees standing around doing nothing as well .	employees	negative
they made it so simple and easy to place the order over the phone .	order	positive
we had a party of six and ordered _num_ different sushi rolls .	sushi rolls	positive
the setting is small and intimate .	setting	negative
great staff and wonderful food .	staff	positive
great staff and wonderful food .	food	positive
our drinks were poured excellent and we found a new favorite stripper .	drinks	positive
our drinks were poured excellent and we found a new favorite stripper .	stripper	positive
i was disappointed with the ticket price .	ticket price	negative
beer selection is fun - wish they had pitchers !	beer selection	positive
beer selection is fun - wish they had pitchers !	pitchers	positive
very nice people and a pleasure to deal with also .	people	positive
teach your employees customer service skills .	customer service	positive
i loved that the menu was small and the food was fabulous .	menu	negative
i loved that the menu was small and the food was fabulous .	food	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the ahi chili relish hot and tasty .	ahi chili relish	positive
this time of year is the best for outdoor eating .	outdoor eating	positive
unfortunately that was the highlight of the plate .	plate	negative
perfect location in old town scottsdale .	location	positive
they were generous pours and i definitely got my $ _num_ worth .	pours	positive
save your time , save your money .	time	positive
save your time , save your money .	money	positive
she returned stating their chef laughed out loud and refused to answer .	chef	negative
pretty decent mexican food place !	mexican food place	positive
go to frys they know how to treat the customer .	customer	positive
they were great , always clean , the staff was always helpful .	staff	positive
horrible service .	service	negative
this place is a true gem .	place	positive
buyer beware , its not what you think it is .	buyer	negative
fantastic food , and good service .	food	positive
fantastic food , and good service .	service	positive
temperature is falling down , their heaters are not working .	temperature	negative
temperature is falling down , their heaters are not working .	heaters	negative
bacon was amazing and service was awesome .	bacon	positive
bacon was amazing and service was awesome .	service	positive
the food is awesome !	food	positive
so much liquid poured out of the sandwich .	liquid	negative
so much liquid poured out of the sandwich .	sandwich	negative
i 'm so thankful i found my new hair person .	hair person	positive
went here with a party of _num_ people and everyone loved their food .	food	positive
may there not be any roaches in your food or table !	roaches	negative
may there not be any roaches in your food or table !	food	positive
may there not be any roaches in your food or table !	table	positive
all the food we got was superb .	food	positive
watch out if buying from this company .	company	positive
clearly time has not be kind to this place .	time	negative
clearly time has not be kind to this place .	place	negative
great staff and service .	staff	positive
great staff and service .	service	positive
very unique , little greasy spoon spot in chandler !	greasy spoon spot	positive
service was so slow .	service	negative
in texas , tamales are much smaller .	tamales	negative
very clean , warm & inviting atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
custom made fresh donuts .	fresh donuts	positive
went there for breakfast this last sunday morning and it was great !	breakfast	positive
absolutely love this place !	place	positive
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !	eat	positive
eat , drink , and be merry my friends !	drink	positive
best dentist i have ever been too .	dentist	positive
lovely service and delicious food .	service	positive
lovely service and delicious food .	food	positive
persian room special is a great value !	persian room special	positive
persian room special is a great value !	value	positive
worst business lady ever !	business	negative
this has always been one of my favorite scottsdale restaurants .	restaurants	positive
i highly recommend the vip pedicure .	vip pedicure	positive
worst food , terribly expensive .	food	negative
omg !	omg	positive
this is one of the best vet establishments we have ever used .	vet establishments	positive
food was great !	food	positive
bathrooms are a mess .	bathrooms	negative
also want to mention that the waitress was very attentive , helpful and pleasant .	waitress	positive
it took _num_ minutes to get our food .	food	negative
this office is great !	office	positive
everybody is always friendly and i 've never had a problem with the service .	service	positive
the total bill when i got my pizza was $ _num_ !	pizza	positive
filthy , filthy , filthy place .	place	negative
i really enjoyed myself at this place .	place	positive
asked for the manager and he could n't have been more rude or condescending .	manager	negative
really enjoyed the different twist on mexican food .	mexican food	positive
i would recommend this place highly .	place	positive
parking sucks too !	parking	negative
the cilantro lime dressing is amazing !	cilantro lime dressing	positive
very very good food !	food	positive
sushi _num_ was a borderline experience .	sushi _num_	negative
disgusting food , everything was gross !	food	negative
no familiar faces and food just not up to prior visits .	food	negative
all-in-all , pleasantly surprised for a free large pizza .	pizza	positive
the food came out in a timely manner and was great !	food	positive
love the location and we love playing pool there !	location	positive
love the location and we love playing pool there !	playing pool	positive
i went here with my family for thanksgiving , the meal was excellent .	meal	positive
it 's good solid food .	food	positive
they had a good selection of places to eat and the staff was friendly .	places	positive
they had a good selection of places to eat and the staff was friendly .	staff	positive
it 's one less ingredient and should , therefore , take less time .	ingredient	negative
great place .	place	positive
all three times the staff has been friendly and professional .	staff	positive
cheap drinks and great food always make me happy !	drinks	positive
cheap drinks and great food always make me happy !	food	positive
i used to love this place but this time i was very disappointed .	place	negative
you did an amazing job on the halloween arrangement .	halloween arrangement	positive
extremely rude workers .	workers	negative
$ _num_ a skirt for a grand total of $ _num_ .	skirt	positive
excellent drinks and good food in a casual atmosphere with a terrific staff .	drinks	positive
excellent drinks and good food in a casual atmosphere with a terrific staff .	food	positive
excellent drinks and good food in a casual atmosphere with a terrific staff .	atmosphere	positive
excellent drinks and good food in a casual atmosphere with a terrific staff .	staff	positive
their supreme pizza is really good and just loaded with toppings .	toppings	positive
you even stated that no matching shorts were required .	shorts	negative
fails the purpose .	purpose	negative
cool easy going crowd .	crowd	positive
i was very happy with the work and the customer service was top-notch .	work	positive
i was very happy with the work and the customer service was top-notch .	customer service	positive
wait , no , that does n't seem right actually .	wait	negative
just good old fun at the ball game .	ball game	positive
with the hot and spicy chili , i was definitely full for lunch .	hot and spicy chili	positive
with the hot and spicy chili , i was definitely full for lunch .	lunch	positive
the wife and i go for menudo on sundays it is delicious .	menudo	positive
nine dollars for a nearly inedible plate of food .	plate of food	negative
the service is exceptional as well .	service	positive
woman said they were already closed but website says open until _num_ pm .	woman	negative
woman said they were already closed but website says open until _num_ pm .	website	negative
no suggestions , even when asked .	suggestions	negative
the food is bland .	food	negative
definitely recommend their gf pizza .	gf pizza	positive
everyone at the salt cellar is amazing !	salt cellar	positive
i like the outdoor seating much better than indoor .	outdoor seating	positive
the patios are superb .	patios	positive
by the time i got back , we still did n't have a server .	server	negative
they do great work and deserve community support .	community	positive
excellent products at a fair price .	products	positive
excellent products at a fair price .	price	positive
staff was very friendly and personable , food was tasty and prices were reasonable .	staff	positive
staff was very friendly and personable , food was tasty and prices were reasonable .	food	positive
staff was very friendly and personable , food was tasty and prices were reasonable .	prices	positive
lots of fun , service is over the top !	service	positive
the bartender debbie was awesome .	bartender debbie	positive
tamales are always good and salsa .	tamales	positive
tamales are always good and salsa .	salsa	positive
service was terrible .	service	negative
they are always courteous and polite , with great customer service .	customer service	positive
no frills , honest , good value .	value	positive
prices are fair , but customer service will make me go back tomorrow .	prices	positive
prices are fair , but customer service will make me go back tomorrow .	customer service	negative
this is some of the best pizza in the valley !	pizza	positive
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	pharmacy	negative
extremely bad customer service !	customer service	negative
the other staff were friendly and professional .	staff	positive
no spice at all .	spice	negative
glad to see a legend is living up to the reputation .	reputation	positive
there is just junk exposed all over and the menu is very small .	menu	negative
visiting from out of town and wanted good , authentic mexican .	mexican	positive
i just wished he sells cars also .	cars	positive
they have live music and a nice selection of food too .	live music	positive
they have live music and a nice selection of food too .	selection of food	positive
service was excellent , room was very comfortable ... .	service	positive
service was excellent , room was very comfortable ... .	room	positive
not worth the frustration .	frustration	negative
the rest of our meal did n't get much better .	meal	negative
this river was so much fun .	river	positive
so disappointed because we enjoyed the atmosphere and the staff .	atmosphere	positive
so disappointed because we enjoyed the atmosphere and the staff .	staff	negative
good menu !	menu	positive
avoid this store at all costs .	store	negative
shrimp ok , grits cold with no blue cheese flavor .	shrimp ok , grits	negative
shrimp ok , grits cold with no blue cheese flavor .	blue cheese flavor	negative
i do n't like this place at all .	place	negative
the little asian lady was so nice and accommodating .	little asian lady	positive
the staff were incredibly nice .	staff	positive
very friendly , helpful , and knowledgeable staff .	staff	positive
the treatment plan is customized to help you improve !	treatment plan	positive
one of the best dinners i 've had !	dinners	positive
love this pool hall !	pool hall	positive
nazi douche bags run this place .	douche bags	negative
huge lines but that tells you the food is good and worth the wait .	lines	positive
huge lines but that tells you the food is good and worth the wait .	food	positive
huge lines but that tells you the food is good and worth the wait .	wait	positive
very retro cool dive vibe to it .	dive vibe	positive
love the take out here .	take out	positive
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	price	positive
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	food	positive
it is alot of food for the money !	food	positive
it is alot of food for the money !	money	positive
your italian grandma would be so proud !	italian grandma	positive
for friday hh there is usually a dj .	dj	positive
i had the best time here at any bar in scottsdale .	bar	positive
full tortillas and salsa bar .	tortillas and salsa bar	positive
add some avocado and _num_ island sauce , amazing flavors !	avocado	positive
add some avocado and _num_ island sauce , amazing flavors !	_num_ island sauce	positive
add some avocado and _num_ island sauce , amazing flavors !	flavors	positive
my husband and i both had the caesar salad , delicious .	caesar salad	positive
the food is magnificent and the staff was wonderful .	food	positive
the food is magnificent and the staff was wonderful .	staff	positive
the vets always take the time to discuss all options .	vets	positive
i had the beef wellington , and so did my daughter .	beef wellington	positive
i would recommend going to almost any other bar in tempe .	bar	positive
the service is great .	service	positive
oh , and the sound is incredible !	sound	positive
food was hot and delicious .	food	positive
i will definitely be frequenting this wonderful place !	place	positive
i have never been so dissapointed with the service at a restaurant before .	service	positive
everyone i went with did n't enjoy their meal .	meal	negative
generous toppings for the money .	toppings	positive
generous toppings for the money .	money	positive
really - rolling sushi would take that long ?	sushi	negative
cute little place .	place	positive
i then asked for a fitting room and she showed me the way .	fitting room	positive
and they mess up orders really easily .	orders	negative
another _num_ minutes had gone by and we were finally given our food .	food	positive
the waiter saw this and offered to get me another appetizer .	waiter	positive
the waiter saw this and offered to get me another appetizer .	appetizer	positive
thorough , professional and great pricing all in one spot .	pricing	positive
i always get treated right at this location .	location	negative
great staff , great food and the value is much appreciated .	staff	positive
great staff , great food and the value is much appreciated .	food	positive
great staff , great food and the value is much appreciated .	value	positive
very unprofessional , with little to no knowledge of what customer service is .	customer service	negative
very good pizza and calzones !	pizza	positive
very good pizza and calzones !	calzones	positive
the endless shrimp is an amazing value on top of being delish .	endless shrimp	positive
brenda and julie in the office are very professional and helpful .	office	positive
i stood at the register just wanting to get one donut .	donut	negative
so if your hungry for gyros definitely check it out !	gyros	positive
i would stay away from this place .	place	negative
excellent drinks and very friendly professional service .	drinks	positive
excellent drinks and very friendly professional service .	service	positive
server attentiveness skills are at an all time low .	server	negative
their food was delicious were their other treats .	food	positive
their food was delicious were their other treats .	treats	positive
oh , and the beef strips are amazing .	beef strips	positive
left message for owner , never heard from him .	owner	negative
this place is awesome .	place	positive
service and price was very good .	service	positive
service and price was very good .	price	positive
nasty motel .	motel	negative
the restroom was disgusting too .	restroom	negative
service is extremely slow and the food is pricey .	service	negative
service is extremely slow and the food is pricey .	food	negative
the cream cheese tasted sour .	cream cheese	negative
in addition to the master craftsmanship , the tailor was hilarious !	tailor	positive
and you get nice decor and pleasant service while you 're at it .	decor	positive
and you get nice decor and pleasant service while you 're at it .	service	positive
great staff .	staff	positive
the ahi tuna is best tuna we have ever had !	ahi tuna	positive
the ahi tuna is best tuna we have ever had !	tuna	positive
this place hand changed hands many times over the years but remains open !	place hand	positive
we 're grateful to have such a wonderful hospital in our neighborhood .	hospital	positive
nice wasted lunch break !	lunch break	positive
consistently good food and service .	food	positive
consistently good food and service .	service	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
the place is horrible .	place	negative
i got a ride from benny the other day .	ride	positive
breakfast is super good and the portion sizes are large .	breakfast	positive
breakfast is super good and the portion sizes are large .	portion sizes	positive
the manager of this store is always grumpy and rude .	manager	negative
the manager of this store is always grumpy and rude .	store	negative
the shrimp tacos were amazing and the side salad was different but delicious !	shrimp tacos	positive
the shrimp tacos were amazing and the side salad was different but delicious !	side salad	positive
the salty flavors and the sage seasoning make an excellent dish .	salty flavors	positive
the salty flavors and the sage seasoning make an excellent dish .	sage seasoning	positive
the salty flavors and the sage seasoning make an excellent dish .	dish	positive
best cars will be sold tomorrow !	cars	positive
slow service .	service	negative
perfect pizza .	pizza	positive
in a few minutes , our food was ready and was it good !	food	positive
always a good time here- great bar for locals & travelers .	bar	positive
i will recommend this great clips to anyone .	clips	positive
i had really bad customer service tonight .	customer service	negative
the tortilla soup and guacamole is plenty as lunch !	tortilla soup	positive
the tortilla soup and guacamole is plenty as lunch !	guacamole	positive
the tortilla soup and guacamole is plenty as lunch !	lunch	positive
joe and beth are honestly just the best !	joe	positive
the staff is very friendly though , and i definitely will keep shopping here .	staff	positive
the service has been great nearly every time i 've been .	service	positive
terrible customer service .	customer service	negative
what a wonderful place and i enjoy every visit here .	place	positive
it 's a great space .	space	positive
this is my favorite pizza in the entire valley .	pizza	positive
both selections were impressive and fresh .	selections	positive
loved my sandwich !	sandwich	positive
this is my favorite ruth 's chris .	ruth 's chris	positive
1/2 price appetizers and wonderful booze specials .	price appetizers	positive
1/2 price appetizers and wonderful booze specials .	booze specials	positive
i settled for an asian noodle dish with thin slices of grilled tofu .	asian noodle dish	positive
if i could give this place a zero i would .	place	negative
the bbq was amazing we ordered bulgogi and chicken .	bbq	positive
the bbq was amazing we ordered bulgogi and chicken .	bulgogi and chicken	positive
i also love the remodel !	remodel	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
this is the place to go for great food .	food	positive
it 's very quite and people keep to themselves .	people	positive
if your a business owner looking for a new location please stop by .	location	positive
just the car wash . ''	car wash	positive
- the course itself was average , the greens average .	course	positive
- the course itself was average , the greens average .	greens	positive
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	manager	negative
the inside atmosphere had a `` quaint '' kind of feel .	atmosphere	positive
the inside atmosphere had a `` quaint '' kind of feel .	feel	positive
worst ribs ever !	ribs	negative
the area dedicated for the buffet area is too small to service their customers .	buffet area	negative
this is an embarrassment to our beautiful neighborhood .	neighborhood	negative
i ordered potato skins sans bacon and fried shrimp .	potato skins sans bacon and fried shrimp	negative
delivery is done in a reasonable amount of time and food comes hot .	delivery	positive
delivery is done in a reasonable amount of time and food comes hot .	food	positive
pathetic customer service .	customer service	negative
the inside was seedy , but not in a fun , dive bar way .	inside	negative
the inside was seedy , but not in a fun , dive bar way .	bar	negative
we tried the cod both fried and baked .	cod	positive
we ended up throwing it out and ordering pizza .	pizza	negative
i highly recommend lon 's especially for a special celebration .	celebration	positive
pretty good ... for mc donald 's .	mc	positive
the atmosphere is serene , service nice and my salad was fresh and light .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is serene , service nice and my salad was fresh and light .	service	positive
the atmosphere is serene , service nice and my salad was fresh and light .	salad	positive
i am pulling my fur from them and will never use them again .	fur	negative
the sashimi was amazing .	sashimi	positive
the chicken was overcooked , though i liked the shrimp and the tofu .	chicken	negative
the chicken was overcooked , though i liked the shrimp and the tofu .	shrimp	negative
the chicken was overcooked , though i liked the shrimp and the tofu .	tofu	positive
out here for spring training and it has amazing food and a great atmosphere .	food	positive
out here for spring training and it has amazing food and a great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i really like this place !	place	positive
they also have great wings .	wings	positive
recommend this for every age , great take .	take	positive
i was also impressed with their chilled beers .	chilled beers	positive
what a beautiful dive cafe !	dive cafe	positive
there were n't any tables available .	tables	negative
i was missing _num_ burgers & a fry .	_num_ burgers	negative
i was missing _num_ burgers & a fry .	fry	negative
dillard 's ... it 's my go to store !	dillard 's	positive
after a bit of back and forth ... owner walked me out .	owner	negative
superb service and tortellini to die for .	service	positive
superb service and tortellini to die for .	tortellini	positive
just had lunch , server was great and food fantastic .	lunch	positive
just had lunch , server was great and food fantastic .	server	positive
just had lunch , server was great and food fantastic .	food	positive
i finally approached the desk , he looked at me and walked away .	desk	negative
good prices , free coffee with meal and great service .	prices	positive
good prices , free coffee with meal and great service .	coffee with meal	positive
good prices , free coffee with meal and great service .	service	positive
some of the best thin crust pizza i 've ever had .	thin crust pizza	positive
the food and service at this location has always been top notch .	food	positive
the food and service at this location has always been top notch .	service	positive
food is pretty tasty as well !	food	positive
clearly , the chef has not heard of seasonings .	chef	negative
clearly , the chef has not heard of seasonings .	seasonings	negative
relaxing environment with great food .	environment	positive
relaxing environment with great food .	food	positive
tastes like everything came from a packages or was frozen _num_ minutes before serving .	serving	negative
they have amazing finds , great prices and their customer service is five star .	prices	positive
they have amazing finds , great prices and their customer service is five star .	customer service	positive
best mimi 's ever !	mimi 's	positive
the atmosphere is nice with indoor or outdoor dining options .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is nice with indoor or outdoor dining options .	outdoor dining options	positive
my boyfriend loves this place and i do n't mind it either .	place	positive
bad business .	business	negative
prices are very reasonable and weekly sales are a great deal .	prices	positive
prices are very reasonable and weekly sales are a great deal .	sales	positive
great value for the money .	value	positive
great value for the money .	money	positive
know your stuff before stepping into these kind of places .	stuff	positive
i loved this place .	place	positive
i love the wine , the food , & the service here !	wine	positive
i love the wine , the food , & the service here !	food	positive
i love the wine , the food , & the service here !	service	positive
it was delicious and they gave us a large amount of pita .	pita	positive
this place is super friendly and helpful !	place	positive
thank you so much for making the night special .	night	positive
no chicken fingers or chicken nuggets for the little ones .	chicken fingers	negative
no chicken fingers or chicken nuggets for the little ones .	chicken nuggets	negative
no chicken fingers or chicken nuggets for the little ones .	little ones	negative
thomas and his crew are stellar !	crew	positive
overall good food and location !	food	positive
overall good food and location !	location	positive
the prices were ridiculously high .	prices	negative
wonderful fast service !	service	positive
the staff is amazingly friendly !	staff	positive
this is my favorite breakfast spot .	breakfast spot	positive
great food , and an excellent service experience .	food	positive
great food , and an excellent service experience .	service	positive
the pasta does n't even taste pasta .	pasta	negative
the pasta does n't even taste pasta .	pasta	negative
we started with the green chile mac and cheese , which was very good .	green chile mac and cheese	positive
my point in writing this is really to inform the owners .	owners	positive
do yourself a favor and skip this unprofessional , substandard salon .	salon	negative
beautiful patio .	patio	positive
the time of play was great and the greens have a nice roll .	greens	positive
the time of play was great and the greens have a nice roll .	roll	positive
wo n't ever eat there again unless they hire a decent cook .	cook	negative
recently , they have done some remodeling in some of the apartments .	apartments	negative
we ordered sour cream on the side and that made it perfect .	sour cream	positive
all three have different needs and their coats look amazing when they 're done .	coats	positive
the price of the dinners simply does not justify the quality of the experience .	price	negative
the price of the dinners simply does not justify the quality of the experience .	dinners	negative
found out i could get the same job done for just over $ _num_ .	job	negative
fair prices , odd hours .	prices	positive
think twice -- this place is a dump .	place	negative
think twice -- this place is a dump .	dump	negative
amazing service and pumpkin pancakes with whip cream that was the bomb !	service	positive
amazing service and pumpkin pancakes with whip cream that was the bomb !	pumpkin pancakes with whip cream	positive
ray is the best and first class auto is the best .	class auto	positive
everyone was so friendly .	everyone	positive
the main problem was inconsistent and nonexistent service .	service	negative
but , alas , no such luck if the dining area is closed !	dining area	negative
lovely place to sit and have quiet time .	place	positive
great staff !	staff	positive
i love their bagels !	bagels	positive
i was so happy we decided to go try this place this weekend .	place	positive
the wine was excellent .	wine	positive
this place is a total scam !	place	negative
i thought the dough however was bland and seemed overworked .	dough	negative
best pizza in phoenix !	pizza	positive
portion sizes are generous and for a reasonable price .	portion sizes	positive
portion sizes are generous and for a reasonable price .	price	positive
the whole place looks like a cheap apartment complex .	place	positive
the whole place looks like a cheap apartment complex .	apartment complex	positive
paradise valley florist is fantastic !	paradise valley florist	positive
guest and everyone just had such great things to say about our venue !	venue	positive
the place was n't packed and had a good atmosphere about it .	place	positive
the place was n't packed and had a good atmosphere about it .	atmosphere	positive
fast , friendly service .	service	positive
the roasted potato side is cooked perfectly ... some crispy edges and fluffy centers .	roasted potato side	positive
the roasted potato side is cooked perfectly ... some crispy edges and fluffy centers .	edges	positive
clean and gated facility , lights in units as well .	facility	positive
clean and gated facility , lights in units as well .	lights	positive
i can only comment on the brunch they presented on sunday .	brunch	negative
this was the most uncomfortable ultrasound i 've had yet .	ultrasound	negative
but the outstanding dish was the pork tenderloin .	dish	positive
but the outstanding dish was the pork tenderloin .	pork tenderloin	positive
staff is very helpful .	staff	positive
food was excellent , nice ambiance , & service at the bar was friendly .	food	positive
food was excellent , nice ambiance , & service at the bar was friendly .	ambiance	positive
food was excellent , nice ambiance , & service at the bar was friendly .	service	positive
food was excellent , nice ambiance , & service at the bar was friendly .	bar	positive
worst tanning experience i have ever had .	tanning experience	negative
i went to d & c the other day for restaurant week .	restaurant week	positive
definitely worth trying if you like a good pie .	pie	positive
i 've had most bbq places around and this place is sooo good !	bbq places	positive
greens hold nicely and put pretty true .	greens	positive
this is my new nail salon , they just made a longtime customer .	nail salon	positive
we did n't have a server acknowledge us for about _num_ minutes .	server	negative
my favorite thing is the salmon and sweet potato ravioli 's !	salmon	positive
the food , is fantastic and the service is great .	food	positive
the food , is fantastic and the service is great .	service	positive
chicken mole enchiladas tasted like the mole came from a can .	chicken mole enchiladas	negative
you 'd never guess looking from the outside how great the food is .	food	positive
i love their hummus .	hummus	positive
love this place .	place	positive
amazing little place , very friendly staff and great country music .	staff	positive
amazing little place , very friendly staff and great country music .	country music	positive
and handed the incorrect bill back .	bill	negative
curry is flavorful and the right amount of heat .	curry	positive
the wait time is always more than an hour and a half long .	wait time	negative
really not good food .	food	negative
all four of us had different entree and all were excellent .	entree	positive
now we are greeted with a very smiling morning girl ... at 5am !	morning girl	positive
great service , great value , well done .	service	positive
great service , great value , well done .	value	positive
they thai tea is delicious and most important , they are pet friendly .	thai tea	positive
we came for lunch and it was wonderful .	lunch	positive
on top of that , they completely forgot to make my cheese bread .	cheese bread	negative
delicious food !	food	positive
when i first walked in it has a weird setup .	setup	negative
great resort , the grounds are perfect , the staff was awesome .	resort	positive
great resort , the grounds are perfect , the staff was awesome .	grounds	positive
great resort , the grounds are perfect , the staff was awesome .	staff	positive
ambiance is loud with a fun vibe .	ambiance	negative
ambiance is loud with a fun vibe .	vibe	positive
suffice to stay , this is not a great place to stay .	place	negative
i was tossed out of er as if nothing was wrong .	er	negative
but the food is still great .	food	positive
a pretty good place to grab a beer and catch up with friends .	beer	positive
you know it 's a good night when your credit card receipt says so .	credit card receipt	positive
the owner is fabulous and helpful .	owner	positive
great people , awesome atmosphere , and tasty drinks and food .	people	positive
great people , awesome atmosphere , and tasty drinks and food .	atmosphere	positive
great people , awesome atmosphere , and tasty drinks and food .	drinks	positive
great people , awesome atmosphere , and tasty drinks and food .	food	positive
if you must go to one of them choose the mills ave one .	mills ave	positive
i did eat at top shelf twice within a week and a half .	shelf	negative
i tried the chef salad and the quality was just low .	chef salad	negative
i tried the chef salad and the quality was just low .	quality	negative
there yoga classes are also great !	yoga classes	positive
the atmosphere and staff were great as was the food .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere and staff were great as was the food .	staff	positive
the atmosphere and staff were great as was the food .	food	positive
she was making the dogs yelp when she did this .	dogs	negative
i am really embarrassed to send my patients to this pharmacy .	pharmacy	negative
the problem is the bartender .	bartender	negative
i appreciated their honesty and checking my car out free of charge .	car	positive
side salad comes with bacon and a croissant !	side salad	positive
side salad comes with bacon and a croissant !	bacon	positive
side salad comes with bacon and a croissant !	croissant	positive
if you have a chance to visit this place , definitely do so .	place	positive
the customer service is nonexistent !	customer service	negative
everyone is so friendly and knows their stuff !	stuff	positive
oh well , onto lunch !	lunch	positive
this hotel was represented on hotwire as a luxury _num_ star resort .	hotel	positive
rock solid traditional southern italian fare .	traditional southern italian fare	positive
i absolutely loved this place .	place	positive
they are a terrible barrier .	barrier	negative
i highly recommend impact auto body .	auto body	positive
excellent restaurant .	restaurant	positive
definitely one of my favorite dive bars in scottsdale .	dive bars	positive
fun atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the food is good , the drinks are good and the service is good .	food	positive
the food is good , the drinks are good and the service is good .	drinks	positive
the food is good , the drinks are good and the service is good .	service	positive
this would have been true customer service even in a hard situation .	customer service	positive
the doctor was horribly wrong , as the bill was slightly under $ _num_ .	doctor	negative
the doctor was horribly wrong , as the bill was slightly under $ _num_ .	bill	negative
they genuinely care about my pets and their well being .	pets	positive
staff is nice and friendly !	staff	positive
this is good ol ' authentic , greasy yummy mexican food .	mexican food	positive
thanks for an awesome lunch !	lunch	positive
best patio in old town and extensive tequila list .	patio	positive
best patio in old town and extensive tequila list .	tequila list	positive
prices are crazy good !	prices	positive
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	place	positive
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	drinks	positive
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	priced	positive
i would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a romantic dinner .	dinner	positive
every time i come in im greater with a smile and served quickly !	served	positive
i love that she gives me honest answers about skin care lines .	skin care lines	positive
the people we were with said their meal was ok but not great .	people	negative
the people we were with said their meal was ok but not great .	meal	negative
this restaurant has the best fajitas , rice , and beans .	fajitas	positive
this restaurant has the best fajitas , rice , and beans .	rice	positive
this restaurant has the best fajitas , rice , and beans .	beans	positive
i am beyond pleased with the service these guys do .	service	positive
this is such a special place .	place	positive
looking through the reviews , i realize i am not alone .	reviews	positive
$ _num_ for _num_ people and no cocktails .	people	negative
$ _num_ for _num_ people and no cocktails .	cocktails	negative
great dinner .	dinner	positive
express took your business due to poor customer service , and experience .	customer service	negative
and their great margaritas !	margaritas	positive
the salsa is exceptional and i out on everything i had !	salsa	positive
tonight was my first night in the tempe improv in a very long time .	tempe	positive
that is unacceptable service and we will not be coming back to this establishment .	service	negative
got ta love the clearance racks as well !	clearance racks	positive
she did a marvelous job on my hair !	hair	positive
with that being said , i ca n't complain about the service .	service	negative
`` why so much need for car washing ? ''	car washing	negative
breakfast is always phenomenal .	breakfast	positive
i usually get two with a side of rice , bueno !	side of rice	positive
i usually get two with a side of rice , bueno !	bueno	positive
we did a search and found this nice mexican food restaurant .	mexican food restaurant	positive
my friend ordered chicken with cashew .	chicken with cashew	positive
the price is as good as the food .	price	positive
the price is as good as the food .	food	positive
other than the manager , most else was a zero .	manager	negative
first off , the lady working there was rather stuck up .	lady working	negative
all these amenities and fantastic service as well !	amenities	positive
all these amenities and fantastic service as well !	service	positive
best hot salsa in town .	hot salsa	positive
far worse however was the service .	service	negative
the chicken had a great flavor .	chicken	positive
the fries were soggy with no seasoning .	fries	negative
couple of complaints with this place ; bartenders are not friendly .	place	negative
couple of complaints with this place ; bartenders are not friendly .	bartenders	negative
no grazie for us again !	grazie	negative
the chips are the freshest thing sold here and are n't bad .	chips	positive
great food !	food	positive
the bloody mary 's were watered down .	bloody mary 's	negative
our server was also very friendly and attentive .	server	positive
the starter was cool .	starter	positive
waiter did n't tell us specials , barely paid attention to us .	waiter	negative
waiter did n't tell us specials , barely paid attention to us .	specials	negative
scarlett did my hair and it 's perfect .	scarlett	positive
scarlett did my hair and it 's perfect .	hair	positive
and the quality of service is excellent .	quality of service	positive
highly recommended and will definitely return to this beautiful desert oasis .	desert oasis	positive
the rolls are pretty standard but the quality is almost always excellent .	rolls	positive
the rolls are pretty standard but the quality is almost always excellent .	quality	positive
and the food was fantastic .	food	positive
we were seated with kyle and he was very friendly and attentive .	kyle	positive
ambiance is nice and the food is delicious .	ambiance	positive
ambiance is nice and the food is delicious .	food	positive
the sea bass is amazing !	sea bass	positive
the service was quick and the food was delicious !	service	positive
the service was quick and the food was delicious !	food	positive
beautiful day for outdoor dining .	outdoor dining	positive
the salon is very clean and trendy .	salon	positive
i am going to give them five stars for the great service and advice .	service	positive
super nice staff .	staff	positive
working in a customer service field myself , this is not acceptable .	customer service	negative
ate here during restaurant week and was looking forward to the seafood trio .	seafood trio	positive
this is a very nice pizza joint .	pizza joint	positive
i really enjoy grazie .	grazie	positive
i just moved to scottsdale and ate dinner here ... amazing !	dinner	positive
this is definitely a _num_ star restaurant .	restaurant	positive
so i opted the pork chop and it was very good .	pork chop	positive
never ever come to this shitty ass racist white trash bar .	white	negative
never ever come to this shitty ass racist white trash bar .	bar	negative
highly recommended if you are in old town scottsdale for lunch !	lunch	positive
great breakfast sandwich !	breakfast sandwich	positive
the coffees are sooo good there too .	coffees	positive
overall - great store and service .	store	positive
overall - great store and service .	service	positive
i 'll be sure to spread the word about your establishment .	establishment	positive
best place in my neighborhood !	place	positive
absolutely the best detail service in the valley !	detail service	positive
been going here for _num_ years great place to eat .	place	positive
the sets were awesome and the food was actually good !	sets	positive
the sets were awesome and the food was actually good !	food	positive
the service leaves little to be desired .	service	positive
they want you to pay $ _num_ for a hamburger !	hamburger	negative
i would not recommend this place .	place	negative
love it here , after their big remodel the wait is n't as long .	wait	negative
seriously the sauce to cheese ratio is embarrassing .	sauce to cheese ratio	negative
either way the meal is quick and a fair price .	meal	positive
either way the meal is quick and a fair price .	price	positive
margaritas were fantastic .	margaritas	positive
highly recommended to anyone looking for a great place to live .	place	positive
every employee was kind , helpful , and most importantly not pushy .	employee	positive
i strongly recommend advanced eyecare .	eyecare	positive
great dinner show some nights of the week .	dinner show	positive
beef was flavorless like it was n't seasoned .	beef	negative
the people are very great too .	people	positive
the food is normally hot , tasty , and filling .	food	positive
i have been pleased with the haircuts my little boys have gotten here !	haircuts	positive
is it the best vietnamese ?	vietnamese	positive
what a great authentic italian spot .	italian spot	positive
what great customer service !	customer service	positive
i refer everyone and anyone to this place .	place	positive
i made a reservation here to celebrate a one year anniversary with my girlfriend .	reservation	positive
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .	sports	positive
service was excellent .	service	positive
great menu .	menu	positive
i am happy with the results and i plan on going back soon .	results	positive
came here today for lunch and thoroughly enjoyed myself .	lunch	positive
the food is very good quality and i 'd definitely eat here again .	food	positive
the food is very good quality and i 'd definitely eat here again .	quality	positive
horrid service with below average food .	service	negative
horrid service with below average food .	food	negative
the food was shockingly hot and fast out the kitchen .	food	positive
the tuna is fantastic , trout wonderful , ribs great , chicken perfect .	tuna	positive
the tuna is fantastic , trout wonderful , ribs great , chicken perfect .	trout	positive
the tuna is fantastic , trout wonderful , ribs great , chicken perfect .	ribs	positive
probably the best mexican food we 've ever eaten .	mexican food	positive
one of the best spas i 've been too .	spas	positive
service was great , very polite and attentive .	service	positive
fajitas here are sooo good !	fajitas	positive
nice service .	service	positive
what horrible people .	people	negative
good pastries , good cakes , good coffee , good bagels , good cookies .	pastries	positive
good pastries , good cakes , good coffee , good bagels , good cookies .	cakes	positive
good pastries , good cakes , good coffee , good bagels , good cookies .	coffee	positive
good pastries , good cakes , good coffee , good bagels , good cookies .	bagels	positive
good pastries , good cakes , good coffee , good bagels , good cookies .	cookies	positive
they look great and the taste great and they have great options as well !	taste	positive
fair pricing .	pricing	positive
great shop , great service .	shop	positive
great shop , great service .	service	positive
i regret having bought the tires from pep boys to begin with .	tires	negative
wow what a lovely place .	place	positive
i do n't like the front office staff .	front office staff	negative
everyone who handled my dog was very friendly and very understanding .	dog	positive
some of the residents are questionable .	residents	negative
the trick to getting your lunch in a timely fashion is to call ahead .	lunch	positive
great greek salad and gyro .	greek salad	positive
great greek salad and gyro .	gyro	positive
all the bartenders are amazing .	bartenders	positive
it 's a fun atmosphere with friendly staff.	atmosphere	positive
it 's a fun atmosphere with friendly staff.	staff.	positive
loved the mushroom pan fry , really a unique dish .	mushroom pan fry	positive
loved the mushroom pan fry , really a unique dish .	dish	positive
it 's the only reason this place is getting their _num_ star .	star	positive
and most of the bar has already cleared out .	bar	negative
a frequently used door by staff and patrons blowing cold air directly on us .	door	negative
a frequently used door by staff and patrons blowing cold air directly on us .	staff	negative
a frequently used door by staff and patrons blowing cold air directly on us .	patrons	negative
the service as always is excellent and so is the food .	service	positive
the service as always is excellent and so is the food .	food	positive
quality place , clean , friendly , quality work .	place	positive
we got some really great plants and pots for our house .	plants	positive
we got some really great plants and pots for our house .	pots	positive
you are better off going to get a frozen pizza .	frozen pizza	negative
the prices were the best and worth it .	prices	positive
friendly staff and a great bar selection !	staff	positive
friendly staff and a great bar selection !	bar selection	positive
this is the best salad i ever had .	salad	positive
food was painfully bland .	food	negative
even with my receipt she had no interest in helping me out .	receipt	negative
same great taste and service like the others .	taste	positive
same great taste and service like the others .	service	positive
a south scottsdale classic .	south scottsdale	positive
this is a really cool mom & pop diner .	mom &	positive
this is a really cool mom & pop diner .	diner	positive
trash .	trash	negative
delicious sandwiches !	sandwiches	positive
my husband has the reuben sandwich and likes it .	reuben sandwich	positive
we highly recommend this restaurant !	restaurant	positive
messed up our order twice and took _num_ minutes to get our food .	food	negative
george , the bar keep was very friendly and accommodating .	bar keep	positive
best chinese food i have tried in scottsdale .	chinese food	positive
as buffets go , everything was pretty good .	buffets	positive
keep up the good work !	work	positive
smart auto is awesome !	auto	positive
she is an expert colorist .	colorist	positive
good old fashion mexican food .	mexican food	positive
the chicken shrimp pesto pasta was pretty good though .	chicken shrimp pesto pasta	positive
we loved being so close to the players .	players	positive
burrito express is a delicious choice for a mexican lunch .	burrito express	positive
burrito express is a delicious choice for a mexican lunch .	mexican lunch	positive
horrible place .	place	negative
their eggplant parm rocks , as does their cesar salad .	eggplant parm	positive
their eggplant parm rocks , as does their cesar salad .	cesar salad	positive
the news management is honestly the best one i 've had .	news management	positive
the price was perfect and a job very well done .	price	positive
i would recommend this restaurant if you are in the area !	restaurant	positive
i would recommend this restaurant if you are in the area !	area	positive
the overwhelming taste was fried batter , not fish .	fried batter	positive
the overwhelming taste was fried batter , not fish .	fish	negative
i dont suggest this is the place to put your hard earned money into .	money	negative
my friend ordered a chicken shawarma and also said it was n't good .	chicken shawarma	negative
the food was excellent .	food	positive
scottsdale 's best and possibly oldest dive bar !	dive bar	positive
really good food .	food	positive
i 'm still so confused about this place .	place	negative
seriously great food !	food	positive
a little annoying , but the breakfast station line moves fast .	breakfast station line	positive
a makeover would do the baked goods justice .	baked goods	positive
good beer , wings and pizza .	beer	positive
good beer , wings and pizza .	wings	positive
this place is the worst place we have ever been to .	place	negative
this place is the worst place we have ever been to .	place	negative
i truly believe waitress was racist for us being brown .	waitress	negative
their fries are some of the best i have ever had .	fries	positive
not the way to get new customers .	customers	negative
good for a good time and a good drunk !	time	positive
good for a good time and a good drunk !	drunk	positive
again , cooked perfectly , with great crunch to the crust .	crust	positive
great pizza .	pizza	positive
travel books galore and everything in between .	travel books	positive
i must day , it was worth the wait .	wait	positive
if the food was exceptional , i would n't bother at all .	food	positive
no oil on the lanes .	oil	negative
service is friendly and fast .	service	positive
the staff are so friendly and answered any questions we had .	staff	positive
they are our personal first aid team and we are grateful they are here !	personal first aid team	positive
acoustics and lighting are good .	acoustics	positive
acoustics and lighting are good .	lighting	positive
other than that , delicious food and great value !	food	positive
other than that , delicious food and great value !	value	positive
wait time is long .	wait time	negative
great staff , great prices .	staff	positive
great staff , great prices .	prices	positive
fairly creative menu with quality .	menu	positive
fairly creative menu with quality .	quality	positive
unfortunately , i was sorely disappointed by both the food and service .	food	negative
unfortunately , i was sorely disappointed by both the food and service .	service	negative
thank you again for excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
it was so thoughtful ; paradise valley went above and beyond .	paradise valley	positive
all you can eat menudo !	menudo	positive
food and service were outstanding !	food	positive
food and service were outstanding !	service	positive
that is the definition of excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
the salad was extremely poorly cut and was difficult to eat because of that .	salad	negative
highly recommend this place !	place	positive
thankfully i had ordered a baked potato and it was great too !	baked potato	positive
a great family business that cares about their customers !	customers	positive
the lines can be very long - i do n't know why !	lines	negative
the food here , in my experience , was below average .	food	negative
casual , classic and a must stop stop .	stop	positive
if you like a clean rug , this is not your place .	rug	negative
the people that work here are _num_ % wonderful .	people	positive
where is the lazy river ?	lazy river	positive
dr. davis and dr. nelson are both such gems !	davis	positive
i love the green sauce that comes with it .	green sauce	positive
love this place !	place	positive
i went and as always the job is great .	job	positive
the blueberries tasted rotten .	blueberries	negative
really good pizza cooked in the wood oven .	pizza	positive
for almost $ _num_ including tax and tip i 'd rather eat somewhere else .	tax	negative
for almost $ _num_ including tax and tip i 'd rather eat somewhere else .	tip	negative
want something real spicy ?	spicy	positive
i got the combination plate and everything on it was pretty mediocre .	combination plate	negative
awesome place .	place	positive
good food , decent price and a southwestern atmosphere .	food	positive
good food , decent price and a southwestern atmosphere .	price	positive
good food , decent price and a southwestern atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great service , great food , this is my kind of place .	service	positive
great service , great food , this is my kind of place .	food	positive
the food was great .	food	positive
excellent service .	service	positive
went for a mani/pedi with my mom and it was great .	mani/pedi	positive
bought an excellent quality leather belt , and very nice leather wallet .	quality leather belt	positive
bought an excellent quality leather belt , and very nice leather wallet .	wallet	positive
will definitely come back when we want a nice steak place !	steak place	positive
best prime rib i ever had .	prime rib	positive
the food was a disaster and everything looked like a punch in the stomach .	food	negative
margs are small but tasty .	margs	negative
you will have it on your weekly dining out calendar once you do !	dining out calendar	positive
_num_ meals a side of biscuits and a cake .	meals	positive
_num_ meals a side of biscuits and a cake .	side of biscuits	positive
_num_ meals a side of biscuits and a cake .	cake	positive
we were served their famous chopped salad and it was tasty .	chopped salad	positive
you get better quality from a traveling circus .	quality	negative
the pics you see here are nothing like the place .	pics	negative
the pics you see here are nothing like the place .	place	negative
if i could give this place a zero i would .	place	negative
i love and miss this place !	place	positive
apparently , silverware is to much to ask for .	silverware	positive
this is not anything close to italian cuisine .	italian cuisine	negative
friendly people and great coffee .	people	positive
friendly people and great coffee .	coffee	positive
again , only _num_ maintenance guy on staff .	maintenance	negative
again , only _num_ maintenance guy on staff .	staff	negative
super cute place and nice atmosphere .	place	positive
super cute place and nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
it 's outdated like its food .	food	negative
the food is fast and very good .	food	positive
worth taking the kids !	kids	positive
they have a very bad sewer coach roach problem there .	sewer coach roach problem	negative
great service !	service	positive
honestly i was a little disappointed before i even sat down for dinner .	dinner	negative
quiet place , dog friendly .	place	positive
quiet place , dog friendly .	dog	positive
but the true hero is the coffee , perfectly brewed and delicious !	coffee	positive
there is a variety of great food .	food	positive
over _num_ tv 's , great staff , and outstanding food .	staff	positive
over _num_ tv 's , great staff , and outstanding food .	food	positive
the circle k in the same plaza has bigger cups for _num_ cents .	cups for _num_ cents	positive
this apartment complex has the absolute worst parking situation ever .	apartment complex	negative
this apartment complex has the absolute worst parking situation ever .	parking situation	negative
great spot !	spot	positive
this restaurant is amazing .	restaurant	positive
very friendly people .	people	positive
i highly recommend the banana nut pancakes !	banana nut pancakes	positive
their food is just as good .	food	positive
management appears brain dead .	management	negative
great place .	place	positive
i yelped tobacco shop and boy was i in for a treat .	tobacco shop	negative
really nice touch .	touch	positive
there were no peppers !	peppers	negative
staff is ignorant of its customers , slow and never seem like they care .	staff	negative
staff is ignorant of its customers , slow and never seem like they care .	customers	negative
the english name of this restaurant is an old one .	restaurant	positive
this a very `` chill '' nail shop !	nail shop	positive
crisp bagel chips and lite rye grain bread .	bagel chips	positive
crisp bagel chips and lite rye grain bread .	lite rye grain bread	positive
the food is exceptional and very reasonably priced .	food	positive
the food is exceptional and very reasonably priced .	priced	positive
this was our second visit here and we were pleased with our dinner .	dinner	positive
the food sucked ... .	food	negative
one of the best pizza places i have been too .	pizza places	positive
they make their own sausage in store too which is delicious !	sausage	positive
the one thing i was looking forward to was the cinnamon tempura ice cream .	cinnamon tempura ice cream	positive
amazing atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
this place is horrible .	place	negative
the acoustics are beyond terrible despite putting in an expensive new system .	acoustics	negative
the acoustics are beyond terrible despite putting in an expensive new system .	system	negative
city steak was outstanding , and the shrimp appetizer is not to be missed .	shrimp appetizer	positive
i 'm not a fan of cowboy ciao .	cowboy ciao	negative
the decor is very modern and everything was very clean .	decor	positive
regular and the white pizza is the best !	white pizza	positive
best groomer ever !	groomer	positive
i ordered the southwest chicken salad , which came with a mini quesadilla .	southwest chicken salad	positive
i ordered the southwest chicken salad , which came with a mini quesadilla .	mini quesadilla	positive
the staff is very attentive .	staff	positive
the potato hash was badly burned .	potato hash	negative
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	shape	negative
the meat and cheese platters and bruschettas are very good .	meat	positive
the meat and cheese platters and bruschettas are very good .	cheese platters	positive
the meat and cheese platters and bruschettas are very good .	bruschettas	positive
if you must be gluten free like myself this place has great options .	place	positive
nice ambiance and overall a great experience .	ambiance	positive
best happy hour in town !	happy	positive
a great place to look at cars and people .	place	positive
a great place to look at cars and people .	cars	positive
this place is super awesome !	place	positive
this place has terrible customer service and lousy employees that work there .	customer service	negative
this place has terrible customer service and lousy employees that work there .	employees	negative
the pharmacy staff were nice and quick .	pharmacy staff	positive
the staff is consistently kind and professional and truly care about their patients .	staff	positive
the gyoza dumplings were very greasy and had minimum filling .	gyoza dumplings	negative
the gyoza dumplings were very greasy and had minimum filling .	filling	negative
remember it 's church .	church	positive
best place for produce ever .	produce	positive
the selection is great and they always have some good deals going on .	selection	positive
the selection is great and they always have some good deals going on .	deals	positive
pretty good a bit pricey but the portions are huge so share .	portions	positive
the food was good , and priced great .	food	positive
the food was good , and priced great .	priced	positive
love the atmosphere and service is always great .	atmosphere	positive
love the atmosphere and service is always great .	service	positive
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	pizza	negative
terrible experience .	experience	negative
carlos pours a really nice clean margarita .	margarita	positive
highly recommend this establishment if you are looking for excellent quality !	establishment	positive
highly recommend this establishment if you are looking for excellent quality !	quality	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
and , second , this place sucks .	place	negative
top quality customer service !	customer service	positive
their bacon was great !	bacon	positive
i am a huge dos gringos fan and will always be .	dos gringos	positive
great company to choose ... if you do it correctly .	company	positive
managers are a hoot .	managers	positive
got great deal on a dress and cute skirt .	dress	positive
got great deal on a dress and cute skirt .	skirt	positive
the service was definitely above and beyond .	service	positive
prices are great , food is great .	prices	positive
prices are great , food is great .	food	positive
people were friendly and atmosphere was great .	people	positive
people were friendly and atmosphere was great .	atmosphere	positive
at one point we received our wine _num_ minutes after the course showed up .	wine _num_	negative
at one point we received our wine _num_ minutes after the course showed up .	course	negative
this was the worst trout i have ever had .	trout	negative
it 's a great place to spend a hot phoenix afternoon .	place	positive
this is my favorite burrito place in south scottsdale .	burrito place	positive
pretty good steak .	steak	positive
i am not fond of watermelon and i enjoyed it .	watermelon	negative
so i decided to try a new place !	place	positive
this place is a complete joke .	place	negative
had a great dinner last night at elements .	dinner	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
then we headed inside for our main meal .	main meal	positive
i always enjoy going to shows here .	shows	positive
great spot for breakfast or lunch in downtown mesa .	spot	positive
great spot for breakfast or lunch in downtown mesa .	breakfast	positive
great spot for breakfast or lunch in downtown mesa .	lunch	positive
the best mexican restaurant i have had so far !	mexican restaurant	positive
servers are not knowledgeable about wine .	servers	negative
servers are not knowledgeable about wine .	wine	negative
called over a skinny tall skin head to help kick us out .	skin	negative
great out door seating !	seating	positive
i work close and go for lunch often .	lunch	positive
richard , the owner is so nice and the staff is amazing as well .	owner	positive
richard , the owner is so nice and the staff is amazing as well .	staff	positive
the practice facility is actually great .	practice facility	positive
ham and ribs both poor quality and very bland tasting .	ham	negative
ham and ribs both poor quality and very bland tasting .	ribs	negative
ham and ribs both poor quality and very bland tasting .	quality	negative
even the potato skins top our list for the best in the valley .	potato skins	positive
good food and cold beer .	food	positive
good food and cold beer .	cold beer	positive
great location and friendly service .	location	positive
great location and friendly service .	service	positive
and they did not do the full inspection of the rest of the vehicle .	vehicle	negative
very poor service !	service	negative
really great pizza .	pizza	positive
great high end tall and big mens clothes .	clothes	positive
i am counting down the days until my lease is up .	lease	positive
_num_ degrees on the patio and four of their heat lamps do n't work .	patio	negative
_num_ degrees on the patio and four of their heat lamps do n't work .	heat lamps	negative
beautiful little bartender she was much fun .	bartender	positive
later on the original waiter came back to take our order .	waiter	positive
also their food is over priced and mediocre at best .	food	negative
a great value with the groupon .	groupon	positive
the food here is fantastic and as authentic as it gets .	food	positive
this place is a scam and a ripoff .	place	negative
scottsdale has too many other restaurants that want our money .	restaurants	negative
scottsdale has too many other restaurants that want our money .	money	negative
residents need to hire their own attorney to represent them in key problems .	residents	negative
residents need to hire their own attorney to represent them in key problems .	attorney	negative
i always eat here for lunch .	lunch	positive
they have great sales on super fabulous awesome steaks !	steaks	positive
my husband had the pork chili verde and it was not good .	pork chili verde	negative
we are now _num_ days out and still no dress .	dress	negative
amazing , traditional italian food for a great price !	italian food	positive
amazing , traditional italian food for a great price !	price	positive
good value too .	value	positive
_num_ minutes for _num_ slice of the most common pizza ever served ?	pizza	positive
the happy hour price is not the same as what was advertised .	price	negative
it is quiet and great neighbors that are very dog friendly .	neighbors	positive
orders are always perfect and pizza is n't undercooked like some locations .	orders	positive
orders are always perfect and pizza is n't undercooked like some locations .	pizza	positive
i absolutely love famous sam 's !	sam	positive
so i agree to look at another vehicle and decide to purchase .	vehicle	positive
we recently listed our home , and sold pretty quickly .	home	positive
i was impressed with the variety of items for sale here .	items	positive
cute spot , gets busy on the weekends .	spot	positive
very intimate atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
awesome sashimi !	sashimi	positive
it 's just a burger nothing awesome about it but nothing nasty about it .	burger	negative
ok music and great people watching .	music	positive
do your research on soy before getting too excited .	soy	positive
this lady was not there even with a confirmed appointment .	lady	negative
great little mexican place .	mexican place	positive
management is not there , absolutely no call backs .	management	negative
_num_ minutes later : no drinks , no pita .	drinks	negative
_num_ minutes later : no drinks , no pita .	pita	negative
they do n't wear gloves here and the store was a complete mess .	gloves	negative
they do n't wear gloves here and the store was a complete mess .	store	negative
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !	mexican food	positive
you ca n't go wrong with anything there and the portions are very generous !	portions	positive
the owner was super nice and welcoming .	owner	positive
everyone 's meals were not spectacular and not worth the wait at all .	meals	negative
everyone 's meals were not spectacular and not worth the wait at all .	wait	negative
whoever the owners are really needs to read all of these reviews .	owners	positive
we were having blast and so were most of the other patrons .	patrons	negative
are you sure this is a chain ?	chain	positive
unbelievable service !	service	positive
pizza : came piping hot but not made like they usually make them .	pizza	negative
customer service fail .	customer service	negative
poor customer service , complete waste of money .	customer service	negative
to our surprise the pizza was amazing !	pizza	positive
mom 's in back cooking !	back	positive
the employees at this ben bridge location are always so nice .	employees	positive
the employees at this ben bridge location are always so nice .	location	positive
the food was fresh , delicious and exceeded our expectations .	food	positive
great service .	service	positive
i love this place so much .	place	positive
the best menudo experience in the metropolitan phoenix area .	menudo	positive
i have enjoyed this restaurant for _num_ years .	restaurant	positive
so glad it 's so close to my house !	house	positive
she was nice to chat with and my nails look phenomenal !	nails	positive
love love the food too !	food	positive
the food was okay , i was really hoping to be more impressed .	food	positive
really ... people eat that crap ?	people	negative
one would think that in scottsdale , they would at least provide drinking glasses .	drinking glasses	negative
very affordable , very fast and great customer service !	customer service	positive
love the midwest feel to the place and food is good .	place	positive
love the midwest feel to the place and food is good .	food	positive
complementary water bottles are a nice touch for a phoenix location .	water bottles	positive
complementary water bottles are a nice touch for a phoenix location .	location	positive
i wish i could tell you the chicken is rubber .	chicken	positive
love this place great thai curry !	place	positive
love this place great thai curry !	thai curry	positive
their nachos & spinach artichoke dip are n't bad .	nachos & spinach artichoke dip	positive
the food is terrible and the service is even worse .	food	negative
the food is terrible and the service is even worse .	service	negative
and what a shock to see that there were no seats .	seats	negative
the food was okay ... an outback steakhouse would have tasted better .	food	positive
it taste all natural with real banana , cream and cinnamon .	banana , cream	positive
it taste all natural with real banana , cream and cinnamon .	cinnamon	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
worst yet , i had terrible diarrhea the next day .	diarrhea	negative
thanks shannon for super service !	service	positive
the service is usually pretty good and attentive .	service	positive
speedy , great job and always very friendly !	job	positive
my husband and i would n't not recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
i would rather pay a higher price and get a better pizza .	price	negative
i would rather pay a higher price and get a better pizza .	pizza	negative
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	course	negative
our guide was knowledgeable and entertaining .	guide	positive
my friend and i showed up for easter brunch only to be turned away .	easter brunch	negative
very classy fine dining place in oldtown scottsdale !	dining place	positive
terrible customer service .	customer service	negative
pizza is amazing .	pizza	positive
they use the wrong white rice , short grain instead of jasmine .	white rice	negative
they use the wrong white rice , short grain instead of jasmine .	short grain	negative
they use the wrong white rice , short grain instead of jasmine .	jasmine	negative
matt was the best bartender so far !	bartender	positive
room _num_ .	room	positive
the best persian food i have had in the country .	persian food	positive
good service .	service	positive
i really enjoy going to salon tru .	salon tru	positive
went and got my own drinks ( two times ) at outside bar .	drinks	negative
went and got my own drinks ( two times ) at outside bar .	bar	negative
this place is below average .	place	negative
the associates are great and the service is wonderful .	associates	positive
the associates are great and the service is wonderful .	service	positive
i went back to the courts for another referral this place was so bad .	courts	negative
i went back to the courts for another referral this place was so bad .	referral	negative
i went back to the courts for another referral this place was so bad .	place	negative
the fried clams were horrible .	fried clams	negative
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	food	positive
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	drinks	positive
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	desserts	positive
also no adult bar open past dinner .	adult bar	negative
three hours later the job was done .	job	positive
once you have some of the food you will know why ... ... .	food	positive
if you want your order to be correct , call another franchise .	franchise	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
the waitress we always get is great .	waitress	positive
love this bar !	bar	positive
also , fashion square mall rocks !	fashion square mall	positive
the food was awesome and service was spectacular as well !	food	positive
the food was awesome and service was spectacular as well !	service	positive
the mac & cheese appetizer is amazing & i absolutely loved the pork chop !	mac & cheese appetizer	positive
the mac & cheese appetizer is amazing & i absolutely loved the pork chop !	pork chop	positive
i heart this this place !	place	positive
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !	fettuccine alfredo	positive
the chicken was frozen and nasty .	chicken	negative
this suite was perfect .	suite	positive
anyway , one thing to ring home about was the lettuce wraps app .	lettuce wraps app	positive
in a bay and getting my oil changed .	oil	negative
the toast was good , but that 's not a shock .	toast	positive
it worked out so great as the location is excellent !	location	positive
also got ta get an artichoke ... .	artichoke	positive
save your money , there are several better choices within walking distance .	money	positive
very clean , updated and the service is amazing .	service	positive
what can i say - i just love this place and their food .	place	positive
what can i say - i just love this place and their food .	food	positive
when you come to this office , you 're family .	office	positive
the spare ribs are probably may favorite dish so far .	spare ribs	positive
the spare ribs are probably may favorite dish so far .	dish	positive
which is unfortunate , because they usually have a good product .	product	negative
typical overrated scottsdale eatery .	scottsdale eatery	negative
are you sure you do n't want desert ?	desert	negative
honest air was one of the lowest , but also had the best warranty .	air	negative
honest air was one of the lowest , but also had the best warranty .	warranty	positive
would n't recommend this place for anyone looking for a quick and relaxing meal .	meal	positive
prices are very reasonable , and the staff is friendly .	prices	positive
prices are very reasonable , and the staff is friendly .	staff	positive
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	drink refills	positive
and the soup ( forgot its name ) is awesome .	soup	positive
i had the pear , blue cheese salad and it was great !	pear , blue cheese salad	positive
i never felt safe walking to my car .	car	positive
excellent end to a good week .	end	positive
excellent end to a good week .	week	positive
great food , great environment , great service .	food	positive
great food , great environment , great service .	environment	positive
great food , great environment , great service .	service	positive
i had a very tasty steak that was cooked to perfection .	steak	positive
this place is packed !	place	negative
it 's a great place to take a break after shopping .	place	positive
o ya , they do really nice job and the food , ya buddy .	food	positive
frustrating because my son 's sports medicine specialist referred us .	sports medicine	negative
this walmart has a nice selection of guns and ammo .	selection of guns	positive
this walmart has a nice selection of guns and ammo .	ammo	positive
very nice , casual environment ( and clean ) !	environment	positive
super authentic , affordable , and the staff was super friendly .	staff	positive
for $ _num_ , it was incredibly disappointing .	$	negative
this place has a great patio and good food .	patio	positive
this place has a great patio and good food .	food	positive
mediocre food .	food	negative
another bad italian take out story .	italian take out story	negative
also , the meat itself was juicy and yummy .	meat	positive
todd the owner was very nice and accommodating .	owner	positive
this is by far my favorite pizza .	pizza	positive
no , i said , i want the chair done correctly .	chair	positive
the chef stopped by our table and even stayed to chat with us .	chef	positive
the chef stopped by our table and even stayed to chat with us .	table	positive
we tried some of the beers on tap and they were all quite delicious .	beers on tap	positive
awesome food , great margaritas , friendly service .	food	positive
awesome food , great margaritas , friendly service .	margaritas	positive
awesome food , great margaritas , friendly service .	service	positive
salmon very tasty and vegetable salad yummy .	salmon	positive
salmon very tasty and vegetable salad yummy .	vegetable salad	positive
the woman at the counter is a rude asshole .	woman	negative
first off , the guy wo n't make any special orders for his customers .	guy	negative
first off , the guy wo n't make any special orders for his customers .	orders	negative
first off , the guy wo n't make any special orders for his customers .	customers	negative
great little mexican restaurant in old town scottsdale !	mexican	positive
great little mexican restaurant in old town scottsdale !	scottsdale	positive
karaoke steve is the nicest and the bartenders are great .	karaoke steve	positive
karaoke steve is the nicest and the bartenders are great .	bartenders	positive
poor wines selection to qualify this place as a wine bar .	wines	negative
poor wines selection to qualify this place as a wine bar .	wine bar	negative
tried their italian menu and really liked it .	italian menu	positive
arizona school of real estate gives you _num_ different study guides .	study	positive
the rice was bland and the pork was an odd color .	rice	negative
the rice was bland and the pork was an odd color .	pork	negative
i love their jewelry selection .	jewelry selection	positive
service was also excellent .	service	positive
suzanne herself did the alterations and it was perfection .	alterations	positive
how convenient is it that the apartment does n't exist anymore .	apartment	negative
they also carry gluten free pasta .	gluten	positive
they also carry gluten free pasta .	pasta	positive
their house dressing that they put on their salad is so delish !	house dressing	positive
their house dressing that they put on their salad is so delish !	salad	positive
scary neighborhood too .	neighborhood	negative
so happy we found this wonderful veterinarian office !	veterinarian office	positive
we really like this shop .	shop	positive
this is my new breakfast place , all mine !	breakfast place	positive
for anyone interested in decor , this place is a dream .	decor	positive
for anyone interested in decor , this place is a dream .	place	positive
the bartender did n't even know what channel it was on .	bartender	negative
the gravy from the biscuits and gravy was wall paper paste .	gravy from	positive
the gravy from the biscuits and gravy was wall paper paste .	biscuits	positive
the gravy from the biscuits and gravy was wall paper paste .	wall paper paste	positive
so i guess they are not roaches .	roaches	negative
the bartenders were extremely rude and unfriendly .	bartenders	negative
nice little market with friendly people .	market	positive
nice little market with friendly people .	people	positive
i payed over $ _num_ for my meal and felt totally ripped off .	meal	negative
good place !	place	positive
love the keg .	keg	positive
he made our `` laying out by the pool all day '' experience amazing .	pool	positive
the ribs were okay , and were served room temperature .	ribs	positive
the ribs were okay , and were served room temperature .	served	positive
they are quite simply the most professional and best real estate school in arizona .	real estate	positive
you have a job that probably sucks , but guess what ?	job	negative
it then took another _num_ minutes to get fajitas to the table .	fajitas	negative
our waiter was fantastic !	waiter	positive
i was fairly wet before i ever saw my food .	food	negative
live music and good wine helped round out our dining experience .	live music	positive
live music and good wine helped round out our dining experience .	wine	positive
live music and good wine helped round out our dining experience .	dining experience	positive
service was great too .	service	positive
wait to be disappointed .	wait	negative
wo n't come for breakfast again but might try the bakery .	breakfast	negative
wo n't come for breakfast again but might try the bakery .	bakery	positive
the salads at _num_ , are the best we 've seen .	salads	positive
i 've never had such terrible service .	service	positive
the sauce did nothing for me .	sauce	negative
the food service was well coordinated & efficient .	food service	positive
service was great and would come back again .	service	positive
it feels like rocky point spring break but super upgraded !	spring	positive
the entire set up was not even relaxing .	set up	negative
which we were about to leave for lack of service .	service	negative
regardless , i just do n't feel i can trust marshall 's anymore .	marshall	negative
good service and nice people .	service	positive
good service and nice people .	people	positive
i would n't recommend this restaurant to anyone .	restaurant	negative
some of the best fresh italian bread i 've had .	fresh italian bread	positive
the cut was uneven and terrible .	cut	negative
they also have horrible tv service , wtf ?	tv service	negative
maybe they accidentally served us ragu .	ragu	negative
i also love that you can watch the little planes take off .	little planes	positive
my picky kid will even eat here !	kid	positive
nice crispy crust .	crust	positive
however , order a drink and sit at the bar .	drink	negative
however , order a drink and sit at the bar .	bar	negative
fabulous job !	job	positive
having searched for this dress for a long time , i was upset .	dress	negative
the place was clean and the staff was friendly .	place	positive
the place was clean and the staff was friendly .	staff	positive
great patio when the weather is nice .	patio	positive
service is good as well .	service	positive
incredible service .	service	positive
mediocre at best when it comes to customer service !	customer service	negative
the donuts are really good !	donuts	positive
i am a huge fan of the reverse happy hour also .	reverse happy	positive
life 's short , eat dessert first !	dessert	positive
server was very attentive .	server	positive
on top of that she actually stopped to hear what the customer was saying .	customer	negative
everyone is very friendly .	everyone	positive
great selection of desert friendly plants .	selection of desert	positive
great selection of desert friendly plants .	plants	positive
the stetson salad is how good as they say it is .	stetson salad	positive
they were all really good i really liked the dragon roll .	dragon roll	positive
did n't care about pain .	pain	negative
the pizza is delicious .	pizza	positive
i had the seared ahi tuna and it was also very good .	seared ahi tuna	positive
i was so excited because i was totally craving rice noodles .	rice noodles	negative
pies are great , wings amazing .	pies	positive
pies are great , wings amazing .	wings	positive
the employees are always straight-forward , honest , and helpful .	employees	positive
the salad was about average but the chips were amazingly tasty .	salad	positive
the salad was about average but the chips were amazingly tasty .	chips	positive
so happy i found a place i can trust !	place	positive
the steaks were the perfect size for us and they were cooked perfectly .	steaks	positive
obviously plenty of people have smoked in that smoke free room .	smoke	negative
obviously plenty of people have smoked in that smoke free room .	room	negative
this was our first dining experience in scottsdale and it was the best pizza !	dining experience	positive
this was our first dining experience in scottsdale and it was the best pizza !	pizza	positive
store is always super clean and the employees are very helpful and kind .	store	positive
store is always super clean and the employees are very helpful and kind .	employees	positive
excellent emergency room care !	emergency room care	positive
he has a great , wide assortment of songs , old and new .	assortment of songs	positive
i also failed to mention that they have no kids menus !	kids menus	negative
worst service i have received in a long time .	service	negative
the front office staff is completely useless .	front office staff	negative
customer service by ashley is awesome .	customer service	positive
i had the classic italian and it hit the spot !	italian	positive
i ordered the dark mexican draft beer , which was served way too warm .	mexican draft beer	negative
it was a perfect spot for us .	spot	positive
i hired these guys to come install a mirror in my master bath .	master bath	positive
i love grimaldi 's .	grimaldi 's	positive
thank you for a great dining experience !	dining experience	positive
the other is the italian cold cut which i will try .	italian cold cut	positive
a nice neighborhood delivery with good italian eats .	delivery	positive
a nice neighborhood delivery with good italian eats .	italian eats	positive
the tortilla soup and the halibut were delicious .	tortilla soup	positive
the tortilla soup and the halibut were delicious .	halibut	positive
the ribs were amazing .	ribs	positive
i 've tried their pizzas and always enjoyed them as well .	pizzas	positive
the chicken pesto sandwich is amazing , but they 're all amazing .	chicken pesto sandwich	positive
ca n't wait to never return .	ca	positive
later that night my wife was in pain from the food .	food	negative
great ambiance and service too !	ambiance	positive
great ambiance and service too !	service	positive
i love the charming interior !	interior	positive
willy the service professional was great !	service	positive
methinks that i 'd much rather have chips and salsa !	chips	positive
methinks that i 'd much rather have chips and salsa !	salsa	positive
worst service i 've ever received !	service	negative
this place has the worst service of any bar i 've ever been in .	service	negative
this place has the worst service of any bar i 've ever been in .	bar	negative
do not go here unless you absolutely need to see a band .	band	negative
i 'll spend my money in monterey .	money	positive
the chips were stale .	chips	negative
two big pieces of chicken , and it was very good .	chicken	positive
$ _num_ admission and $ _num_ on tuesdays .	admission	positive
stick with the regular coffee and donuts and you will be pleased .	regular coffee and donuts	positive
it was a real treat meeting teachers carrie and robin .	teachers	positive
definitely the best wings in phoenix .	wings	positive
the sad thing is in this economy they are struggling .	economy	negative
this is the best pizza in the usa , no doubt .	pizza	positive
this place has good breakfast with a great selection .	breakfast	positive
this place has good breakfast with a great selection .	selection	positive
great wedge salad really hit the spot on the latest visit .	wedge salad	positive
the food was amazing and the cake was the best i 've ever tasted !	food	positive
the food was amazing and the cake was the best i 've ever tasted !	cake	positive
great service , fast service .	service	positive
great service , fast service .	service	positive
this company is very unprofessional .	company	negative
the menu is pretty limited and oh so pricey .	menu	negative
this place reeks of sexy and would be a really impressive second date .	place	positive
and you can still smoke here !	smoke	positive
at the bar , the service is excellent and the ambiance is wonderful .	bar	positive
at the bar , the service is excellent and the ambiance is wonderful .	service	positive
at the bar , the service is excellent and the ambiance is wonderful .	ambiance	positive
food and service were very good .	food	positive
food and service were very good .	service	positive
i 'm a fan of zizzo !	zizzo	positive
the office is clean and cute .	office	positive
much like the restaurants down in tucson .	restaurants	negative
i had an amazing meatball sandwich and tried they 're homemade sandwich .	meatball sandwich	positive
the acoustics as always were terrible .	acoustics	negative
bread is amazing , all around .	bread	positive
we went on a wednesday , and the place still had a decent crowd .	place	positive
we went on a wednesday , and the place still had a decent crowd .	crowd	positive
once i got in the door , i was very disappointed .	door	negative
the wings were meaty and saucy with just amount of kick .	wings	negative
great service and reasonably priced .	service	positive
great service and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
you ca n't go wrong here .	ca	positive
i wish they had better management , because the food itself is decent .	management	negative
i wish they had better management , because the food itself is decent .	food	positive
seems to be the trend at most fast food places now a days .	fast food	positive
gave me a form to fill out and sat back down .	form	positive
great friendly staff , food is tasty for a bar and cold beer !	staff	positive
great friendly staff , food is tasty for a bar and cold beer !	food	positive
great friendly staff , food is tasty for a bar and cold beer !	bar	positive
a true cowboy bar in the heart of old town .	cowboy bar	positive
honestly , the only thing worth the money is the menudo .	menudo	positive
over inflated prices for food that is beyond sub par .	prices for food	negative
house made bagel was soooo good !	house made bagel	positive
also loved the bar spot looking into the kitchen .	bar spot	positive
the service was really fast and pleasant .	service	positive
the best place in mesa for pizza , seafood pasta and ambiance .	pizza	positive
the best place in mesa for pizza , seafood pasta and ambiance .	seafood pasta	positive
the best place in mesa for pizza , seafood pasta and ambiance .	ambiance	positive
the store side is good but the pharmacy is the worst .	store side	positive
the store side is good but the pharmacy is the worst .	pharmacy	negative
clean establishment .	establishment	positive
we were not impressed by the food at all .	food	negative
loved this place !	place	positive
no place comfortable to sit , no bathroom , no tv .	place	negative
no place comfortable to sit , no bathroom , no tv .	bathroom	negative
great colors and they really take their time !	colors	positive
i have to say it was the worst groupon experience we 've ever had .	groupon	negative
fast service and he was so honest .	service	positive
vito 's is a for sure nice time .	vito	positive
the ugly : the waitresses were the worst i 've encountered in az .	waitresses	negative
they checked everything and even vacuumed the car .	car	negative
i went there with a groupon , so it was well worth it .	groupon	positive
great house and outside beers on tap .	house	positive
great house and outside beers on tap .	beers on tap	positive
taco bell is amazing .	taco bell	positive
happy hour prices look great i will definitely be back for some music !	prices	positive
happy hour prices look great i will definitely be back for some music !	music	positive
lots of food , enough to share dishes and try out new things .	food	positive
lots of food , enough to share dishes and try out new things .	dishes	positive
very greasy and tasteless food .	food	negative
prices were very good and will be a regular stop .	prices	positive
great atmosphere and the food is amazing .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and the food is amazing .	food	positive
our waitress was really friendly and we got seated right away .	waitress	positive
but some apology with some ownership would have been nice .	ownership	positive
i 'm a former resident , i lived at this property for _num_ years .	property	positive
i 'm really unsatisfied with this restaurant , but i still paid gratuity .	restaurant	negative
still get back in town once a year and have always made the stop .	stop	positive
everything great you have read about zizzo is true .	zizzo	positive
servers and bartenders are always super nice and pretty fast .	servers	positive
servers and bartenders are always super nice and pretty fast .	bartenders	positive
this is truly the most wonderful school you will find in the valley .	school	positive
the entire staff is so warm and fun !	staff	positive
i love this place.	place.	positive
just good sushi .	sushi	positive
serve was quick , lots of beer options , and lots of condiments .	serve	positive
serve was quick , lots of beer options , and lots of condiments .	beer options	positive
serve was quick , lots of beer options , and lots of condiments .	condiments	positive
great food .	food	positive
as an arizona native i 'm picky with my mexican food .	mexican food	positive
best service and best food ever !	service	positive
best service and best food ever !	food	positive
they are unable to control the thermostat so it is usually really cold .	thermostat	negative
oh so sad to eat nothing for my birthday dinner !	dinner	negative
the food was delicious and very reasonably priced .	food	positive
the food was delicious and very reasonably priced .	priced	positive
hands down best pizza in town !	pizza	positive
this store is the best !	store	positive
i really loved the resort .	resort	positive
pizza was great .	pizza	positive
the room , however , was not .	room	negative
moved to arizona about a month ago and live right next to fiesta burrito .	fiesta burrito	positive
awesome food , service and ambiance .	food	positive
awesome food , service and ambiance .	service	positive
awesome food , service and ambiance .	ambiance	positive
the chips are bland and dry and their salsa is very american .	chips	negative
the chips are bland and dry and their salsa is very american .	salsa	positive
everything here is beyond expectation and the service here is world class !	service	positive
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	bar	positive
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	bartender	positive
we stopped at the sugar bowl in scottsdale and had a great time .	sugar bowl	positive
i feel bad for going the cheap route .	route	negative
totally not what i was looking for but at least from same family .	family	negative
the prime rib had no flavor .	prime rib	negative
woman who answers the phone having a bad life .	life	negative
also love their bulk granola and good selection of beauty products .	bulk granola	positive
also love their bulk granola and good selection of beauty products .	selection of beauty products	positive
i 'm drooling just thinking about how good this place is .	place	positive
our waitress was horrible .	waitress	negative
stale treats .	treats	negative
there were only two employees .	employees	negative
worst sonic ever .	sonic	negative
their meat is juicy , moist and flavorful .	meat	positive
they 've always had a consistently good selection and decent service .	service	positive
i can not understand why there is no manager who can fix this .	manager	negative
great , quick breakfast two days in a row .	breakfast	positive
out of a lot of fish especially for a sunday lunch ... .	fish	negative
out of a lot of fish especially for a sunday lunch ... .	lunch	negative
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .	pizza	positive
it did n't reflect your business values .	business	negative
highly recommend eating at vito 's .	eating	positive
it smells last nasty mold all over !	mold	negative
they do not allow service animals in their restaurant .	service animals	negative
unfortunately , i never got the call .	call	negative
the other people in my party agree that the restaurant was terrible .	restaurant	negative
: ) got seats within five minutes of arriving .	seats	negative
the ambience is very cool , as you would expect in a scottsdale spot .	ambience	positive
the ambience is very cool , as you would expect in a scottsdale spot .	spot	positive
this place is a dump and the food isnt much better .	place	negative
this place is a dump and the food isnt much better .	food	negative
the steak was `` fine , ' not good flavor but edible .	steak	positive
the steak was `` fine , ' not good flavor but edible .	flavor	negative
i could serve these plates out of my own kitchen .	plates	positive
stayed at this hotel because we were attending a swim meet across the street .	swim	negative
this is a perfect time of year to enjoy this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
love the food here !	food	positive
their salsa is to die for with a perfect blend of taste and spice .	salsa	positive
their salsa is to die for with a perfect blend of taste and spice .	taste	positive
their salsa is to die for with a perfect blend of taste and spice .	spice	positive
sloppy .	sloppy	negative
i 'm not _num_ and i 'm not stupid .	_num_	positive
shooting benches are a little close together .	shooting benches	negative
the license on the wall reads _num_ .	license	negative
we will not use arizona rose company again .	rose company	negative
no salt on top or even on the side for our own taste .	salt	negative
however , the bartenders were outstanding !	bartenders	positive
i would say for the price point that it was uninspired .	price point	negative
that 's right , two bowls .	bowls	positive
i am now also using tea tree oil to help .	tea tree oil	positive
a picture says it all .	picture	positive
the prices for contacts and glasses are also very competitive .	prices	positive
the prices for contacts and glasses are also very competitive .	contacts	positive
the prices for contacts and glasses are also very competitive .	glasses	positive
awesome margaritas and great ambiance .	margaritas	positive
awesome margaritas and great ambiance .	ambiance	positive
the girl that refunded me was nice but usually i have crappy service there .	service	negative
sunshine rocks ( in a beer budget way ) !	beer budget	positive
she 's fantastic and such a doll .	doll	positive
the manager refused to change the price saying that all the locals know this .	manager	negative
the manager refused to change the price saying that all the locals know this .	price	negative
good quality food and very clean .	quality food	positive
love the honey banana won ton served at the end .	honey banana won ton served	positive
very comfortable and upscale clientele .	clientele	positive
the flavors were plentiful and delicious .	flavors	positive
i would never step foot in this store again .	store	negative
great green chile , nice atmosphere , good patio and well stocked bar .	green chile	positive
great green chile , nice atmosphere , good patio and well stocked bar .	atmosphere	positive
great green chile , nice atmosphere , good patio and well stocked bar .	patio	positive
great green chile , nice atmosphere , good patio and well stocked bar .	bar	positive
this place is horrible !	place	negative
i loved the pepperoni and cheese that they use on the pizzas .	pepperoni and cheese	positive
i loved the pepperoni and cheese that they use on the pizzas .	pizzas	positive
the energy is great , the people are fun .	energy	positive
the energy is great , the people are fun .	people	positive
this place was great !	place	positive
pretty standard food quality for a high end chain .	food quality	positive
amazing little local restaurant .	restaurant	positive
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	games	positive
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	tvs	positive
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	crowd	positive
thank you michelle .	michelle	positive
the `` hash brown potatoes '' are not hash browns by any means .	hash brown potatoes	negative
horrible service- they could not have cared less we were there .	service-	negative
fun environment beach themed .	environment beach	positive
the quality done here is amazing .	quality	positive
best enchiladas ever , and i am not usually an enchilada fan .	enchiladas	positive
i had the three cheese fondue and it was delicious .	three cheese fondue	positive
they probably have good fried food but anything else is just not good .	fried food	positive
excellent repair work -- amazing customer service .	repair work	positive
excellent repair work -- amazing customer service .	customer service	positive
in addition they had lost three shirts .	shirts	negative
excellent service , fantastic food !	service	positive
excellent service , fantastic food !	food	positive
and to top it off delicious food .	food	positive
they always find a way to screw up our paperwork .	paperwork	negative
honestly , people should be warned about this place !	place	negative
music is pretty loud .	music	negative
they were done on time as promised with quality work .	quality work	positive
additionally , the steak was very cold when it was served to me .	steak	negative
great service !	service	positive
it 's a nice environment , not too fancy , but comfortable .	environment	positive
very fresh ingredients !	ingredients	positive
it 's a very nice store that is extremely clean !	store	positive
employee taking order was short and rude .	employee	negative
in my opinion , good food does not make up for horrible customer service .	food	positive
in my opinion , good food does not make up for horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
i will just pick up taco bell next time .	taco bell	positive
very flavorful , delicious food .	food	positive
the staff is super nice and helpful .	staff	positive
i do not recommend this for visitors looking for authentic mexican food .	mexican food	negative
good location !	location	positive
the outdoor patio was great and made the dinning experience that much better .	outdoor patio	positive
the calamari appetizer was fantastic .	calamari appetizer	positive
the cake was dry and tasted like a cookie .	cake	negative
i got the worst hair cut here !	hair cut	negative
time was this buffet was plentiful with good choices .	buffet	positive
time was this buffet was plentiful with good choices .	choices	positive
great service , great sushi , always fresh and really great prices .	service	positive
great service , great sushi , always fresh and really great prices .	sushi	positive
great service , great sushi , always fresh and really great prices .	prices	positive
the foods gotten really bad too .	foods	negative
friendly staff .	staff	positive
heck , i 'd even take some salt .	salt	positive
best persian food in phoenix hands down !	persian food	positive
best green chili soup on the planet .	green chili soup	positive
downfall , prices are ridiculous and they only take returns from their own location .	prices	negative
downfall , prices are ridiculous and they only take returns from their own location .	location	negative
the staff is also super friendly .	staff	positive
loved our french toast , no we really really loved our french toast .	french toast	positive
spend your money elsewhere .	money	negative
would recommend mi comida to anyone !	comida	positive
food is good , coffee is hot .	food	positive
food is good , coffee is hot .	coffee	positive
bacon is also really good here , well bacon is good anywhere .	bacon	positive
this is a great restaurant with fantastic breakfast cuisine .	breakfast cuisine	positive
definitely a place to go and see a show or hang .	show	positive
the calzone was a hot pile of salty awful .	calzone	negative
i can highly recommend their guacamole which is seasoned perfectly and never overwhelming .	guacamole	positive
i was very surprised that the salads were very good .	salads	positive
defalco 's is a great spot !	spot	positive
great nursery !	nursery	positive
the decor was gorgeous , everyone was friendly , and ryan was very knowledgeable .	decor	positive
sauce is really great !	sauce	positive
the sweet and sour chicken was bright pink and more onion than anything else .	sweet	positive
the sweet and sour chicken was bright pink and more onion than anything else .	onion	positive
the equipment is n't the latest and greatest .	equipment	negative
this place was great , i love the fact that it 's family owned !	place	positive
the atmosphere was casual and comfortable .	atmosphere	positive
the chicken appears to be pretty good quality but really soggy .	chicken	negative
the beef in the beef broccoli was average and the broccoli was mushy .	beef	negative
the beef in the beef broccoli was average and the broccoli was mushy .	beef broccoli	negative
worst part of all is the cornbread tasted `` flat '' .	cornbread	negative
she tipped another $ _num_ .	$	positive
love this museum in mesa .	museum	positive
also , everyone was super friendly and nice !	everyone	positive
it 's also very small indoors , but honestly worth it for the food .	indoors	negative
it 's also very small indoors , but honestly worth it for the food .	food	positive
today i was excited to get my free gel pedicure .	gel pedicure	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
cooked perfectly .	cooked	positive
i sat next the register .	register	negative
fine dining and everything was tasty .	dining	positive
_num_ they have a giant parking lot and a drive thru .	parking lot	positive
dr. wright seems friendly to patients however he treats his staff completely different .	staff	negative
no soup .	soup	negative
absolute worst service i have ever experienced .	service	negative
i do n't smoke and did n't stain anything .	smoke	negative
just ordered a cheese pizza , extra cheese .	cheese pizza	negative
just ordered a cheese pizza , extra cheese .	cheese	negative
all you get here is cheap cheap cheap for pretty expensive rolls and drinks .	rolls	negative
all you get here is cheap cheap cheap for pretty expensive rolls and drinks .	drinks	negative
i guess it 's to go orders only from here on out .	orders	negative
excellent food , service and atmosphere .	food	positive
excellent food , service and atmosphere .	service	positive
excellent food , service and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
quality is key here , seriously .	quality	positive
brings food to table on a plate .	food	positive
brings food to table on a plate .	table	positive
brings food to table on a plate .	plate	positive
i purchased two western shirts a week ago .	western shirts	positive
needless to say we were very disappointed in our dinner .	dinner	negative
heidi and jim made us very welcome .	heidi	positive
the green corn is my favorite , very creamy and tasty .	green corn	positive
fresh pasta , meats , cheeses and more .	fresh pasta	positive
fresh pasta , meats , cheeses and more .	meats	positive
fresh pasta , meats , cheeses and more .	cheeses	positive
this is a _num_ star spot !	spot	positive
this particular locations food made me sick .	locations food	negative
server was nice and attentive .	server	positive
it was highly recommended by the concierge of the hotel where we stayed .	concierge	positive
once inside , there was a very foul odor .	odor	negative
the combinations were amazing !	combinations	positive
_num_ had burritos .	burritos	positive
restaurants come and go and only the best survive .	restaurants	positive
great meal , awesome service .	meal	positive
great meal , awesome service .	service	positive
they have an awesome happy hour and i would highly recommend this place .	place	positive
nice wine selection .	wine selection	positive
i especially enjoy eating on the patio when good weather allows .	patio	positive
great chinese food it does n't get any better than here for delivery .	chinese food	positive
great chinese food it does n't get any better than here for delivery .	delivery	negative
very clean and spacious rooms since it 's an all suite hotel .	rooms	positive
i do love this place .	place	positive
friendly staff seemed to actually enjoy their job .	staff	positive
the worst dry cleaners i have ever been to !	dry cleaners	negative
everyone is extremely hospitable and the chips and salsa are great .	chips	positive
everyone is extremely hospitable and the chips and salsa are great .	salsa	positive
great food and good juice .	food	positive
great food and good juice .	juice	positive
the management here is not friendly unless they know you .	management	negative
this place is definitely better !	place	positive
thanks to a friend for recommending this place .	place	positive
this business has worst return policies !	return policies	negative
steak is fantastic !	steak	positive
so ... what 's going on with cheba hut ?	cheba hut	positive
outdoor dining makes for fun atmosphere .	outdoor dining	positive
outdoor dining makes for fun atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
drinks and fees cost too much money .	drinks	negative
drinks and fees cost too much money .	fees	negative
the massage chair next to me had an upside down chair in it .	massage chair	negative
the massage chair next to me had an upside down chair in it .	chair	negative
the food will blow you away and is pretty high end .	food	positive
it is a place where you can sit back and enjoy your ice cream .	ice cream	positive
good fresh and hot fried chicken .	fresh	positive
good fresh and hot fried chicken .	hot fried chicken	positive
you made me find a great new location to get my oil changes at .	location	positive
you made me find a great new location to get my oil changes at .	oil	positive
believe it or not , that 's too much dough for this place .	place	negative
i love the outside seating .	outside seating	positive
they are so friendly and the food is always amazing !	food	positive
when we asked to see the prix fixe menu , he seemed annoyed .	prix fixe menu	negative
this place was great !	place	positive
the egg foo young looked like chicken and veggies in a thin brown sauce .	egg foo young	negative
the egg foo young looked like chicken and veggies in a thin brown sauce .	chicken	negative
the egg foo young looked like chicken and veggies in a thin brown sauce .	veggies	negative
the egg foo young looked like chicken and veggies in a thin brown sauce .	brown sauce	negative
also , im not much of a sushi eater .	sushi	negative
description did not include that shrimp was part of the soup .	description	negative
description did not include that shrimp was part of the soup .	shrimp	negative
description did not include that shrimp was part of the soup .	soup	negative
great interactive museum !	interactive	positive
great home style food .	home style food	positive
the woman taking my order was rude and not very helpful .	woman	negative
it 's the most mediocre pizza i 've had in a while .	pizza	negative
i can not believe he owns a business .	business	positive
the cars a amazing to see !	cars	positive
straight up theft and credit card fraud is n't cool .	credit card fraud	negative
this has a great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
nice friendly staff and the owner , doug is awesome !	staff	positive
nice friendly staff and the owner , doug is awesome !	owner	positive
if you visit , highly recommend that you pick a chocolate item !	chocolate item	positive
it does n't and your marketing sucks .	marketing	negative
are they doing background checks on these people like they do residents ?	background	negative
are they doing background checks on these people like they do residents ?	people	negative
are they doing background checks on these people like they do residents ?	residents	negative
screwed up orders and it took over _num_ minutes to get our food !	food	negative
the keys were all wrong and could not get in .	keys	negative
there was no review of the specials or the daily quiche availability .	specials	negative
there was no review of the specials or the daily quiche availability .	daily quiche availability	negative
excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
service was very poor and we were the only people in the place .	service	negative
the only reason i went is because my dad wanted a taco .	taco	positive
the crab cake is the best in town .	crab cake	positive
the waffle was light , fluffy , and flavorful .	waffle	positive
we both had lunch dishes and the portions were very large and delicious .	lunch dishes	positive
we both had lunch dishes and the portions were very large and delicious .	portions	positive
i 've tried four different entrees here , and all were terrible .	entrees	negative
the atmosphere is great and the staff are very attentive without being overbearing .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is great and the staff are very attentive without being overbearing .	staff	positive
great food !	food	positive
it is seriously my favorite wine bar in the us .	wine bar	positive
the food was divine , service impeccable .	food	positive
the food was divine , service impeccable .	service	positive
my main course was chicken marsala and a side of penne .	main course	positive
my main course was chicken marsala and a side of penne .	chicken marsala	positive
my main course was chicken marsala and a side of penne .	side of penne	positive
the food was delicious and the service was excellent .	food	positive
the food was delicious and the service was excellent .	service	positive
the only good thing about it is the location .	location	positive
thai , vietnamese , and chinese all mixed into one ... mmm mmm good !	thai	positive
thai , vietnamese , and chinese all mixed into one ... mmm mmm good !	vietnamese	positive
thai , vietnamese , and chinese all mixed into one ... mmm mmm good !	chinese	positive
i would definitely recommend the noon tour on the dolly !	noon tour	positive
place is always full lunch time though so you may have to wait .	place	negative
place is always full lunch time though so you may have to wait .	lunch	positive
place is always full lunch time though so you may have to wait .	wait	negative
this place is _num_ square feet and it s always packed on the weekends .	place	positive
great establishment !	establishment	positive
knows exactly what i likes and will call me whenever new stuff comes in .	stuff	positive
steakhouse was so good .	steakhouse	positive
wonderful work and a very fair price too .	price	positive
excellent service and a fantastic selection of food .	service	positive
excellent service and a fantastic selection of food .	selection of food	positive
small rooms , recently updated , make for a comfortable stay .	rooms	positive
small rooms , recently updated , make for a comfortable stay .	stay	positive
happy hour menu is incredible .	menu	positive
it 's only _num_ bucks , not a money issue .	money	negative
the staff rocks !	staff	positive
still a delightful little south american restaurant !	south	positive
still a delightful little south american restaurant !	restaurant	positive
the new service manager was very professional and took great care of the car .	service manager	positive
the new service manager was very professional and took great care of the car .	car	positive
the sales are great .	sales	positive
it 's a good vet .	vet	positive
we needed a room asap , so we could shower and get ready .	room	positive
worst service ever !	service	negative
the slices are the best i 've ever had .	slices	positive
great library , i could study here for hours on end !	library	positive
went in and the staff was less than courteous .	staff	negative
bring them here for an easy time at a great wine bar .	wine bar	positive
he did a great hair massage , that was the best part .	hair massage	positive
dental hygienist laurie is absolutely the best !	dental	positive
a very cozy and quaint little restaurant with truly delicious sushi !	sushi	positive
worst hotel i 've ever been to .	hotel	negative
i walked out with some beautifully red ribeye at _num_ bucks a pound !	ribeye	positive
always happy staff .	staff	positive
i 'm giving this place one star because i can not give it zero .	place	negative
it 's not on the menu , but they 'll definitely make it .	menu	negative
my theory when it comes to pizza is simplicity and good ingredients .	pizza	positive
my theory when it comes to pizza is simplicity and good ingredients .	ingredients	positive
she also got the cucumber salad ... yum !	cucumber salad	positive
good environment and good service and good music ( bistro style ) .	environment	positive
good environment and good service and good music ( bistro style ) .	service	positive
good environment and good service and good music ( bistro style ) .	music	positive
these guys rock the best prices in town !	prices	positive
all of their stuff was junk .	stuff	negative
great atmosphere , super clean and great service .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere , super clean and great service .	service	positive
cool digs !	digs	positive
walked in and smell just about knocked us over .	smell	negative
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	beer sauce	negative
the store was not busy and there were at least _num_ employees around .	store	positive
the store was not busy and there were at least _num_ employees around .	employees	positive
great hours too .	hours	positive
good margs !	margs	positive
there was a mistake on our bill , so we flagged down a waitress .	bill	negative
there was a mistake on our bill , so we flagged down a waitress .	waitress	negative
i will not return to your attempt of mexican food .	mexican food	negative
and ribs that fall apart in your mouth from being so moist and tasteful !	ribs	negative
and they only gave us two towels .	towels	negative
the tomato vegetable salad displayed well with a refreshing blend of textures and tastes .	tomato vegetable salad	positive
despite that , it has an authentic feel to it .	feel	positive
the pizza just is n't that impressive .	pizza	negative
best french press coffee i 've found in town .	french press coffee	positive
well worth checking out if you are in the area .	area	positive
my main complaint concerns the portions of food .	portions of food	negative
only complaint is that price is higher than usual fry 's food and drug .	price	negative
only complaint is that price is higher than usual fry 's food and drug .	food	negative
only complaint is that price is higher than usual fry 's food and drug .	drug	negative
great sandwiches at reasonable prices .	sandwiches	positive
great sandwiches at reasonable prices .	prices	positive
loved their black beans .	black beans	positive
this place is a joke , the food is bland .	place	negative
this place is a joke , the food is bland .	food	negative
continental is just enough of a challenge for me to be fun .	continental	positive
very nice ambiance , tasty food and awesome fresh complimentary pita bread !	ambiance	positive
very nice ambiance , tasty food and awesome fresh complimentary pita bread !	food	positive
very nice ambiance , tasty food and awesome fresh complimentary pita bread !	pita bread	positive
the waitresses are friendly .	waitresses	positive
our server , piper p , seemed like she 'd rather be anywhere else .	server	negative
to hell with next care .	care	negative
this place is fun for family 's or a night on the town .	place	positive
whats on the menu now is nothing compared to what it used to be .	menu	negative
great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
david did a great job with my toes and my gel manicure .	toes	positive
david did a great job with my toes and my gel manicure .	gel manicure	positive
i am over excited i found such awesome guys .	guys	positive
but their bagels are amazing .	bagels	positive
great service !	service	positive
the meat was very well cooked and tasted great with plenty of veggies .	meat	positive
the meat was very well cooked and tasted great with plenty of veggies .	veggies	positive
fortunately , our apartment paid for us and our dogs to say .	apartment	positive
fortunately , our apartment paid for us and our dogs to say .	dogs	positive
the toilet in my room was leaking .	toilet	negative
service is so bad .	service	negative
very professional service and i was pleased with the alteration .	service	positive
very professional service and i was pleased with the alteration .	alteration	positive
this is the best place to get bicycle repairs in arizona .	bicycle	positive
we ordered the carne asada tacos which were very disappointing .	carne asada tacos	negative
huge fan !	fan	positive
the place was n't packed , but did have some tables .	place	negative
the place was n't packed , but did have some tables .	tables	negative
my favorite is the honey walnut .	honey walnut	positive
tables were dirty and we were the only customers in the restaurant .	tables	negative
wonderful service , creative food and drinks !	service	positive
wonderful service , creative food and drinks !	food	positive
wonderful service , creative food and drinks !	drinks	positive
i hate the hub .	hub	negative
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	chips	positive
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	guacamole	positive
prime rib medium rare done perfectly , thick cut .	prime rib	positive
the prices are clearly marked for each product .	prices	negative
the prices are clearly marked for each product .	product	negative
best sushi in the whole valley !	sushi	positive
a great spot to start the night before heading out in old town .	spot	positive
great ambiance and food !	ambiance	positive
great ambiance and food !	food	positive
job was done in a friendly , timely manner .	job	positive
it is n't worth the headaches and frustration .	headaches	negative
overall , i would n't recommend this hotel .	hotel	negative
best gyro place in town .	gyro place	positive
absolutely disgusting to find half of my burrito was filled with balls of fat .	burrito	negative
a true mom and pop shop and their food reflects the same .	food	positive
they can recommend quality products that meet your specific needs .	quality products	positive
our third party had lobster and clams and he thought it was terrible .	lobster and clams	negative
this place was very unprofessional and not very clean .	place	negative
the beers on tap are okay , but the margaritas are truly great .	beers on tap	positive
the beers on tap are okay , but the margaritas are truly great .	margaritas	positive
this will be our go to burger place from now on !	burger place	positive
my dog is suffering .	dog	negative
good wholesome food .	food	positive
pancakes were honestly no joke the worst i have ever had .	pancakes	negative
great old school sushi bar !	sushi bar	positive
after a few bites , we threw the entire dinner away .	dinner	negative
they also make a wonderful entree called evil jungle princess .	entree	positive
they also make a wonderful entree called evil jungle princess .	jungle princess	positive
waited _num_ days and called them back .	waited	negative
it was an unpleasant dinner .	dinner	negative
the price for this place is very reasonable since you are in scottsdale .	price	positive
our server jason was the most condescending , disrespectful person i have ever met .	server	negative
exceptional good , very fair and friendly service .	service	positive
the whole place was completely unsanitary .	place	negative
pizza was fresh , crispy crust , and the meatballs were yum !	pizza	positive
pizza was fresh , crispy crust , and the meatballs were yum !	crust	positive
pizza was fresh , crispy crust , and the meatballs were yum !	meatballs	positive
it really is the best food i have ever eaten .	food	positive
horrible delivery service .	delivery service	negative
wine selection was also fantastic !	wine selection	positive
we waited almost _num_ min ... not one staff member acknowledged us .	staff	negative
loved my pedi too .	pedi	positive
i 'm trying to walk off on a bill for $ _num_ ?	bill	negative
the cashier lacked any personality and it was like talking to a zombie .	cashier	negative
we have had much better steak elsewhere .	steak	negative
the food is also very good .	food	positive
hands down , the worst cleaning ever !	cleaning	negative
totally takes the stress out of car issues !	car	positive
you will enjoy this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the food , everything that was ordered was superb .	food	positive
we also ordered the szechuan shredded pork and this was just plain simple .	szechuan shredded pork	positive
the gun fight show are awesome and looked real with added humor !	gun fight show	positive
the fries were soggy and limp and the experience was disappointing !	fries	negative
this is not what i expect when i buy my yearly membership .	membership	negative
amazing soups , sandwiches , salads , etc .	soups	positive
amazing soups , sandwiches , salads , etc .	sandwiches	positive
amazing soups , sandwiches , salads , etc .	salads	positive
not only was it old but there was no flavor at all .	flavor	negative
spent _num_ minutes waiting for drive-thru order that was all wrong .	drive-thru order	negative
there were maybe 10-15 other tables in the whole restaurant .	tables	negative
the food was mediocre .	food	negative
my wife had a salad , which she liked as well .	salad	positive
_num_ an electrical outlet inside coach was supposed to be fixed .	coach	negative
i highly recommend them if you want your jewelry done right !	jewelry	positive
the chicken parm was okay .	chicken parm	positive
unfortunately the food itself was n't very good .	food	negative
great bartender and excellent food .	bartender	positive
great bartender and excellent food .	food	positive
very clean laundromat !	laundromat	positive
great veggie sandwich and great fries .	veggie sandwich	positive
great veggie sandwich and great fries .	fries	positive
a salad drenched in olive oil and no vinegar .	salad	negative
a salad drenched in olive oil and no vinegar .	olive oil	negative
no customer service ... and then nothing but disrespect .	customer service	negative
red sauce was pretty good .	red sauce	positive
avoid this cheap tasteless restaurant .	restaurant	negative
great french toast !	french toast	positive
no stars for this place .	place	negative
my mother ordered a hot dog and it was microwaved .	hot dog	positive
and yes , the bathrooms are as disgusting as other reviewers have mentioned .	bathrooms	negative
the price is very affordable and inside is very clean and professional .	price	positive
the front end staff are terrific and very accommodating .	front end staff	positive
the food is always excellent .	food	positive
what a great tobacco shop !	tobacco shop	positive
not to my taste .	taste	negative
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .	meal	positive
probably not the best choice for summer .	summer	negative
mango sticky rice a must .	mango sticky rice	positive
i would recommend this shop for any exhaust work .	shop	positive
like i said before ; the pizza is delicious !	pizza	positive
the bread was very plain , even though one slice had olives in it .	bread	negative
the bread was very plain , even though one slice had olives in it .	olives	negative
i gave it to my puppy for _num_ days and her cough cleared up .	puppy	positive
authentic , excellent food !	food	positive
a very happy happy hour and delicious spot for dinner .	spot	positive
a very happy happy hour and delicious spot for dinner .	dinner	positive
customer service means a lot and joes does not have it .	customer service	negative
customer service means a lot and joes does not have it .	joes	negative
okay pizza , not crazy about the sauce on the pizza .	pizza	positive
okay pizza , not crazy about the sauce on the pizza .	sauce	negative
great room , excellent pools ( all three ) just ca n't say enough .	room	positive
great room , excellent pools ( all three ) just ca n't say enough .	pools	positive
drinks are a rip too .	drinks	negative
best sushi in mesa !	sushi in mesa	positive
great service .	service	positive
history or no history , the sugar bowl has lost this customer for good .	sugar bowl	negative
engine installed , runs great and done right .	engine	positive
about all this course offers is a lack of snow in winter !	course	negative
about all this course offers is a lack of snow in winter !	snow	negative
- the fitness center is really small and does n't have a water cooler .	fitness center	negative
- the fitness center is really small and does n't have a water cooler .	water cooler	negative
grey power lunch at the carlsbad .	power lunch	positive
we just noticed that we never got our beverages while we waited .	beverages	negative
why 'd they let me make the appointment ?	appointment	negative
love the iced t !	iced t	positive
an old style family restaurant .	family	positive
thanks pop the soda shop , for ruining everything .	soda shop	positive
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .	delivery times	negative
those cone things ... get one ... you can thank me later .	cone things	positive
it was great -- every dish had its own distinctive flavor .	dish	positive
it was great -- every dish had its own distinctive flavor .	flavor	positive
thanks mike and april air conditioning - i will definitely use you again !	air conditioning	positive
well i was going to a picnic i stopped for a bucket of chicken .	picnic	positive
well i was going to a picnic i stopped for a bucket of chicken .	bucket of chicken	positive
do not drink the water , it 's bad .	water	negative
good stuff .	stuff	positive
best dentist office around .	dentist office	positive
grabbed my bags a my _num_ pack .	bags	positive
this is a solid spot for thai food .	thai food	positive
i left a _num_ % tip due to the piss poor service .	tip	negative
i left a _num_ % tip due to the piss poor service .	service	negative
she was great and i love the results !	results	positive
i spoke with the manger as well because i was truly offended .	manger	negative
service , overall , was spotty and a bit slow .	service	negative
they have a shuttle to the airport , but it is not free .	shuttle	negative
bad management .	management	negative
the pool and the rooms are also top notch .	pool	positive
the pool and the rooms are also top notch .	rooms	positive
fantastic ambiance , food , service ... total over all experience _num_ thumbs up !	ambiance	positive
fantastic ambiance , food , service ... total over all experience _num_ thumbs up !	food	positive
fantastic ambiance , food , service ... total over all experience _num_ thumbs up !	service	positive
unethical company that does not live up to thier word .	company	negative
kevin is the best waiter on the planet and totally made my day !	waiter	positive
what an amazing place to stay .	place	positive
by that i mean local , non chain , nice decor .	decor	positive
well done bc !	bc	positive
i thought the quesadilla was gross ( had the taste of processed cheese ) .	quesadilla	negative
i thought the quesadilla was gross ( had the taste of processed cheese ) .	processed cheese	negative
we took our friends for dinner , we all had salmon and trout .	dinner	positive
we took our friends for dinner , we all had salmon and trout .	salmon	positive
we took our friends for dinner , we all had salmon and trout .	trout	positive
this is one of my favorite places to eat in phoenix .	places	positive
had a wonderful lunch with good friends today .	lunch	positive
best side is the sweet potato casserole .	sweet potato casserole	positive
very good food , the green flannel was spectacular , highly recommended .	food	positive
very good food , the green flannel was spectacular , highly recommended .	green flannel	positive
more like a family serving you than professional waiters .	serving	negative
more like a family serving you than professional waiters .	waiters	negative
their sushi happy hour special are just a $ _num_ off .	sushi happy hour special	positive
worst sushi ever .	sushi	negative
our waiter was excellent , very attentive .	waiter	positive
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	miso soup	negative
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	salad	positive
there 's great live music four afternoons and six nights a week .	live music	positive
the patio is one of the nicest parts to the place .	patio	positive
it is worth the wait .	wait	positive
after getting my drink , i went to wash my hands .	drink	positive
i would n't recommend this place for many reasons .	place	negative
best beef ribs in az .	beef ribs	positive
customer service was wonderful !	customer service	positive
the hummus was good but it was the falafel that was really good .	hummus	positive
the hummus was good but it was the falafel that was really good .	falafel	positive
i would not suggest that anyone ever tries this place out .	place	negative
the staff do n't appear knowledgeable .	staff	negative
the service is fantastic and the owner is a true artist in the kitchen .	service	positive
the service is fantastic and the owner is a true artist in the kitchen .	owner	positive
the salsa was watery and i could have made the enchiladas much better myself .	salsa	negative
the salsa was watery and i could have made the enchiladas much better myself .	enchiladas	negative
huge servings , fresh pasta , and priced just great .	servings	positive
huge servings , fresh pasta , and priced just great .	fresh pasta	positive
huge servings , fresh pasta , and priced just great .	priced	positive
it was a great experience , and the staff was so gracious !	staff	positive
score , bitches !	score	negative
loved the diamond upgrade ... .	diamond upgrade	positive
a very nice resort with beautiful grounds and nice views of the surrounding mountains .	grounds	positive
a very nice resort with beautiful grounds and nice views of the surrounding mountains .	views	positive
really cute little place .	place	positive
for the prices they are charging the food should wow and it did not .	prices	negative
for the prices they are charging the food should wow and it did not .	food	negative
which makes me sad , because i 'm allergic to peanuts .	peanuts	negative
worst dining experience ever !	dining experience	negative
my curtains are hanging off the windows and stained .	curtains	negative
this was the right place to go !	place	positive
i too experienced the crunchy rice .	crunchy rice	positive
the food is delicious .	food	positive
room was cozy , and the beds were comfortable .	room	positive
room was cozy , and the beds were comfortable .	beds	positive
angela is fantastic .	angela	positive
and the sauce ... oh what a fantastic sauce .	sauce	positive
we waited _num_ mins for a table - which was totally ok !	table	negative
no firearms sign at the id entrance is funny .	firearms sign	negative
she did n't even clear our plates at the end of our meal .	plates	negative
she did n't even clear our plates at the end of our meal .	meal	negative
i left the place shocked and insulted .	place	negative
most importantly , guinness and stella looked fantastic when i picked them up !	guinness	positive
most importantly , guinness and stella looked fantastic when i picked them up !	stella	positive
very cool local book store in the heart of old town .	book store	positive
i finished my beer , asked for another round , and waited _num_ minutes .	beer	negative
i finished my beer , asked for another round , and waited _num_ minutes .	round	negative
fantastic happy hour all day on sundays and mondays .	happy	positive
highly recommend this place !	place	positive
ray is really making this place a happening place .	place	positive
it 's the best dive bar in scottsdale !	dive bar	positive
they were both great and the service was awesome .	service	positive
this place is horrible .	place	negative
but the burgers are good , and the fries .	burgers	positive
but the burgers are good , and the fries .	fries	positive
i brought the problem to the attention of the manager .	manager	negative
the fish is very fresh and tasty .	fish	positive
carne asada tacos were delicious .	carne asada tacos	positive
big ass burger is one of the best burger i have ever had !	burger	positive
the waiter never checked on us .	waiter	positive
pure perfection .	perfection	positive
i am lucky enough to be within their delivery zone and i crave it !	delivery zone	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
the braised beef was extremely chewy .	braised beef	negative
staff is nice !	staff	positive
i really appreciated the help and friendly tips .	tips	positive
and waiting outside in july is not exactly a nice alternative .	waiting	negative
great italian with out all the fluff .	italian	positive
great italian with out all the fluff .	fluff	positive
they truly have the freshest bread and ingredients .	bread	positive
they truly have the freshest bread and ingredients .	ingredients	positive
my boyfriend was fit with a quality suit at a very competitive price .	quality suit	positive
my boyfriend was fit with a quality suit at a very competitive price .	price	positive
for what you get , it seems a little over priced .	priced	negative
i walk my dogs the same route every day .	dogs	positive
amazing service even on a busy saturday morning .	service	positive
but i officially hate joes .	joes	negative
freindly people , and great service .	people	positive
freindly people , and great service .	service	positive
i just had the worst margaritas i almost tried to drink .	margaritas	negative
family-owned , with fresh , local ingredients .	ingredients	positive
the food here is delicious .	food	positive
entertainment is great , dining is so-so .	entertainment	positive
entertainment is great , dining is so-so .	dining	positive
they have informed me to avoid this school as much as possible .	school	negative
bland , tasteless food .	food	negative
great old school barber .	barber	positive
the tom ka gai soup is freshly made to order and worth the wait .	tom ka gai soup	positive
the tom ka gai soup is freshly made to order and worth the wait .	wait	positive
the happy hour is crazy good .	happy hour	positive
his practice is an unorganized mess .	practice	negative
the food is great .	food	positive
avoid this place at all cost .	cost	negative
they work with various dietary restrictions , make excellent dishes for large groups .	dietary restrictions	positive
they work with various dietary restrictions , make excellent dishes for large groups .	dishes	positive
i always get the turkey and eggs combo and it is always great.	turkey and eggs combo	positive
the service left something to be desired , especially a hot hospitable italian man .	service	negative
plantains were amazing .	plantains	positive
the patio is great this time of year for dinner .	patio	positive
the patio is great this time of year for dinner .	dinner	positive
love this spot .	spot	positive
the only vegetarian option was green curry so i ordered that .	vegetarian option	negative
the only vegetarian option was green curry so i ordered that .	green curry	negative
a great place for friends to get together .	place	positive
otherwise , always good times at the coach house .	coach house	positive
great food and prices .	food	positive
great food and prices .	prices	positive
live band was great .	live band	positive
the technician was very professional and very knowledgeable .	technician	positive
we always come here since it 's very close to my house .	house	positive
this is unacceptable considering we did have a reservation !	reservation	negative
for the price i can eat here everyday .	price	positive
in any event , the booth she sat us at was filthy .	booth	negative
good thing i 'm getting too old for this place .	place	negative
great place to host a happy hour , party or any other special event !	party	positive
the units are old and have lots of weird problems .	units	negative
they are the best in the area .	area	positive
staff was friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
josh was professional and honest .	josh	positive
this place is always a favorite .	place	positive
it was properly prepared and served as it should be .	served	positive
food good , a plate went a long way .	food	positive
food good , a plate went a long way .	plate	positive
i highly recommend this repair shop and will definitely use them again .	repair shop	positive
to send me wings without any sauce whatsoever is just ridiculous .	sauce	negative
the food is terrible and not worth the money .	food	negative
the food is terrible and not worth the money .	money	negative
we will definitely be using this service again .	service	negative
great selection of brew .	selection of brew	positive
best thai in town !	thai	positive
tonight marks the worst fast food restaurant experience i have ever encountered .	fast food	negative
i had the ny carne asada plate and it was delicious .	ny carne asada plate	positive
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	parking	negative
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	signs	negative
great patio .	patio	positive
i definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
worst people ever .	people	negative
dustin is fantastic .	dustin	positive
no website or confirmation telling us set menu vs regular menu !	set menu	negative
i 'd definitely recommend her if you need an eye exam .	eye exam	positive
they give you coffee and bottled water to go !	coffee	positive
they give you coffee and bottled water to go !	bottled water	positive
receptionist very helpful and friendly .	receptionist	positive
great for sunday brunch !	sunday brunch	positive
took us about _num_ min to place order which was fine ; rush hour .	rush	positive
not much on tap beyond the white trash specialties .	white trash	positive
great neighborhood spot .	neighborhood spot	positive
not much changed inside in _num_ years except for the food .	food	negative
service was ok but got the job done .	service	negative
great place for quality food .	quality food	positive
i love the sport theme .	sport theme	positive
best service and great prices .	service	positive
best service and great prices .	prices	positive
the pie tasted just like costco apple pie .	pie	positive
the pie tasted just like costco apple pie .	costco apple pie	positive
very poor lighting , dirty dressing rooms , very high prices .	lighting	negative
very poor lighting , dirty dressing rooms , very high prices .	dressing rooms	negative
very poor lighting , dirty dressing rooms , very high prices .	prices	negative
everyone was pleased with the delicious selection of food .	selection of food	positive
plates and silverware were styrofoam and plastic .	plates	positive
plates and silverware were styrofoam and plastic .	silverware	positive
i suggest folks to give this place a try .	place	positive
julie is a doll !	julie	positive
the food is delicious .	food	positive
any tourists from out of state , , stay away from here .	tourists	negative
great lunch spot that we frequent quite a bit .	lunch spot	positive
their sandwiches were really tasty .	sandwiches	positive
amazing pizza !	pizza	positive
we sat at the bar and had attentive service the entire time .	service	positive
i also ordered an overpriced burger that was sub-par to mcdonalds .	burger	negative
the patio is great when the weather is good .	patio	positive
_num_ weeks later i have my tags and can not find the plate .	plate	negative
big plates of fresh basil with every meal and wonderful fresh baked pita bread .	plates of fresh basil	positive
big plates of fresh basil with every meal and wonderful fresh baked pita bread .	baked pita bread	positive
good for those that expect protection as well as the first timer .	protection	positive
good for those that expect protection as well as the first timer .	first timer	positive
confusion of what servers had what table .	servers	negative
confusion of what servers had what table .	table	negative
all around fabulous _num_ day stay and hope to be back soon !	_num_	positive
it 's a shame management is so nasty and nickel and dime .	management	negative
curry says , `` thank you , trim time !	curry	positive
curry says , `` thank you , trim time !	trim	positive
the staff is always friendly and attentive .	staff	positive
our second course was a crab bisque that was almost inedible .	course	negative
our second course was a crab bisque that was almost inedible .	crab bisque	negative
great alternative to a sports bar .	sports bar	positive
met the owner george , great guy who takes pride in his craft .	owner	positive
small , local bar with new mexican food .	bar	positive
small , local bar with new mexican food .	new mexican food	positive
went here last friday and was wondering if i would ever get served .	served	negative
no complaints about the room itself .	room	positive
i also had a small caesar salad and baked potato soup , both great .	caesar salad	positive
i also had a small caesar salad and baked potato soup , both great .	baked potato soup	positive
great mini chimichanga , pitcher of margarita .	mini chimichanga , pitcher of margarita	positive
ended up leaving and going to az _num_ instead .	az _num_	negative
great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
same great food and service are still there .	food	positive
same great food and service are still there .	service	positive
michelle behind the bar is a doll !	bar	negative
the food is great , service is great .	food	positive
the food is great , service is great .	service	positive
so , you are in great hands with either doctor .	doctor	positive
food was decent , service was terrible .	food	positive
food was decent , service was terrible .	service	negative
moral of the story is , do n't forget your id .	id	positive
liking the vibe and the service was excellent .	vibe	positive
liking the vibe and the service was excellent .	service	positive
good coffee .	coffee	positive
this was the perfect spot .	spot	positive
excellent happy hour and it lasts until _num_ !	happy hour	positive
they have no bread service .	bread service	negative
nice staff .	staff	positive
this is a great place for lunch and dinner .	lunch	positive
this is a great place for lunch and dinner .	dinner	positive
i really enjoy the vegetable sides .	vegetable sides	positive
i am so sad to see this wonderful restaurant closed .	restaurant	positive
the pork itself was n't my favorite but it was good .	pork	positive
this food was delicious .	food	positive
the food is also interesting .	food	positive
bland , and waaaay overpriced .	waaaay	negative
very good food .	food	positive
the staff is great and super friendly !	staff	positive
the menu is simple yet complex in flavorful choices .	menu	positive
food is bland , bland , bland .	food	negative
this place is disorganized , rude , and low quality .	place	negative
this place is disorganized , rude , and low quality .	quality	negative
save yourself the grief and find another place to eat .	place	positive
this guy is the real deal .	guy	positive
loved the main pool area and even enjoyed the nearby sports bar .	main pool area	positive
loved the main pool area and even enjoyed the nearby sports bar .	sports bar	positive
love love love this place !	place	positive
either the fried rice is decent , and the meat is not .	fried rice	positive
either the fried rice is decent , and the meat is not .	meat	negative
their meats are fantastic !	meats	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
best pizza in town .	pizza	positive
in any case , great clinic , great hospital , great staff .	clinic	positive
in any case , great clinic , great hospital , great staff .	hospital	positive
in any case , great clinic , great hospital , great staff .	staff	positive
great servers , great food , great management !	servers	positive
great servers , great food , great management !	food	positive
great servers , great food , great management !	management	positive
have you noticed yet that i love cheese ?	cheese	positive
the sesame chicken is awesome !	sesame chicken	positive
the food is incredibly delicious , flavorful , and authentic .	food	positive
we headed out for a nice evening of sushi and left very disappointed .	sushi	negative
apparently she does not bother to read the reviews of her coffee shop .	coffee shop	negative
very cool unique little restaurant .	restaurant	positive
it makes me wonder how often the studio is cleaned down .	studio	negative
whoever prepared that meal or is running the kitchen should be gone .	meal	negative
whoever prepared that meal or is running the kitchen should be gone .	kitchen	negative
this place is consistently good .	place	positive
love this place !	place	positive
loved the monster burrito and the omelets were fluffy and yummy .	monster burrito	positive
loved the monster burrito and the omelets were fluffy and yummy .	omelets	positive
the food here is very tasty .	food	positive
love the staff here .	staff	positive
the sausage tasted like fake meat and the pasta was over cooked and mushy .	sausage	negative
the sausage tasted like fake meat and the pasta was over cooked and mushy .	pasta	negative
great chicken penne vodka !	chicken penne vodka	positive
nice wine selection .	wine selection	positive
they never get my drink right and they can never make a good drink .	drink	negative
they never get my drink right and they can never make a good drink .	drink	negative
i 'm really not sure what i 'd call the colors of the flowers .	colors	negative
i 'm really not sure what i 'd call the colors of the flowers .	flowers	negative
thank you for great service zipps keep it up .	service zipps	positive
it was a holiday weekend and the place was packed !	place	negative
plus outdoor seating during the right time of year .	outdoor seating	positive
great work quality and very reasonable prices .	work quality	positive
great work quality and very reasonable prices .	prices	positive
with that combination met , i did n't really mind the wait .	wait	negative
the atmosphere was quaint and fun , and the service was terrific .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere was quaint and fun , and the service was terrific .	service	positive
avoid this doctor unless you enjoy over paying for bad customer service .	customer service	negative
the oysters rockefeller is delicious !	oysters rockefeller	positive
customer service was really top notch .	customer service	positive
i highly recommend you try a `` hot ginger ale '' .	ginger ale	positive
they put us in another room , but it was not yet ready .	room	negative
great spot to start your day .	spot	positive
i mean , not a good kinda smell like oh , smell that food !	food	negative
this property is desperately in need of an update .	property	negative
friendly staff .	staff	positive
prime rib was amazing and so was the chicken fried steak !	prime rib	positive
prime rib was amazing and so was the chicken fried steak !	chicken fried steak	positive
we ordered fruit smoothies thinking they would have real fruit in them .	fruit smoothies	negative
we ordered fruit smoothies thinking they would have real fruit in them .	fruit	positive
lots of people for a tuesday night - clearly they have a good business .	business	positive
i recently moved to scottsdale and had never been to defalco 's .	scottsdale	positive
great beer selections .	beer selections	positive
they do not clean the tables out there .	tables	negative
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	beef taco	positive
great place !	place	positive
he never uses salt and pepper out but did tonight .	salt and pepper out	positive
the place is old and looked dirty .	place	negative
john had the country fried steak and gravy served with hashbrowns and eggs .	country fried steak	positive
john had the country fried steak and gravy served with hashbrowns and eggs .	hashbrowns	positive
john had the country fried steak and gravy served with hashbrowns and eggs .	eggs	positive
the pulled pork dinner is tasty and very large portion .	pulled pork dinner	positive
the pulled pork dinner is tasty and very large portion .	portion	positive
the burrito was n't bad , but was a bit bland .	burrito	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
food is superb !	food	positive
love this store .	store	positive
great dive bar that 's not a faux dive bar .	dive bar	positive
overall , it was an amazing dinner .	dinner	positive
their italian wines are interesting and reasonably priced .	italian wines	positive
their italian wines are interesting and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
regardless , the meal was still quite delicious .	meal	positive
play area was ridiculously hot seems like ac was n't working .	play area	negative
the bar menu is great .	bar menu	positive
she alone is reason enough for me not to return to this location .	location	negative
this restaurant is actually in a cellar .	restaurant	negative
this restaurant is actually in a cellar .	cellar	negative
the facility itself is a _num_ star , the staff deserve a _num_ .	facility	positive
the facility itself is a _num_ star , the staff deserve a _num_ .	staff	positive
the cocktail that i ordered is sweet , exactly as i want it .	cocktail	positive
my brother always gets the super bueno burrito .	bueno burrito	positive
not only that , a $ _num_ shirt was spotted with grease .	$	negative
also , their bruschetta was not good at all .	bruschetta	negative
tasted like elementary school food .	elementary school food	positive
great food , great prices .	food	positive
great food , great prices .	prices	positive
and then it took over _num_ minutes after we ordered the food to arrive .	food	negative
good food and wait is waaaay better since they expanded awhile back .	food	positive
good food and wait is waaaay better since they expanded awhile back .	wait	positive
decor is very cheap .	decor	positive
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	food	positive
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	steak bites	positive
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	hummus plate	positive
waiting _num_ minutes ?	waiting	negative
thank you kevin and staff !	staff	positive
i have to agree with everyone the customer service is `` non '' .	customer service	negative
i would suggest they remove these off their menu .	menu	negative
service is very very slow .	service	negative
the king triple delight was just so-so .	king	positive
type of good business .	business	positive
next time will try pizza and wine happy hour .	pizza	positive
next time will try pizza and wine happy hour .	wine	positive
wow , this place is beautiful .	place	positive
this is the place for you .	place	positive
i found the service very good despite being busy .	service	positive
love love grimaldi 's .	grimaldi 's	positive
there is so much space and the pools are everywhere .	space	positive
there is so much space and the pools are everywhere .	pools	positive
a favorite for the price and service .	price	positive
a favorite for the price and service .	service	positive
good soups , good sandwiches , and a decent salad bar .	soups	positive
good soups , good sandwiches , and a decent salad bar .	sandwiches	positive
good soups , good sandwiches , and a decent salad bar .	salad bar	positive
thank you for a wonderful stay .	stay	positive
dinner comes with soup and salad .	dinner	positive
dinner comes with soup and salad .	soup	positive
they tried pushing a $ _num_ car wash on me .	car wash	negative
i was driving by today at lunch and saw the tanning sign .	lunch	positive
i was driving by today at lunch and saw the tanning sign .	tanning sign	positive
sorry , too late for chips and salsa .	chips and salsa	negative
very clean and friendly staff .	staff	positive
i love this place and the quality of work they do for jewelry repair .	place	positive
i love this place and the quality of work they do for jewelry repair .	quality of work	positive
i love this place and the quality of work they do for jewelry repair .	jewelry repair	positive
just awful customer service .	customer service	negative
the cashier also helped carry stuff to my car .	cashier	positive
the service was painfully slow .	service	negative
pizza kitchen so was n't sure what to expect .	pizza kitchen	negative
they also have many professional makeup artist available to help you .	makeup artist	positive
regular dining menu offers great selections & same wonderful service .	dining menu	positive
regular dining menu offers great selections & same wonderful service .	selections	positive
regular dining menu offers great selections & same wonderful service .	service	positive
go and have a good time !	time	positive
good place to go and enjoy a latte or your favorite coffee .	latte	positive
good place to go and enjoy a latte or your favorite coffee .	coffee	positive
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
my wife and i love this place .	place	positive
just get the chicken - it 's extremely moist & deliciously simple .	chicken	positive
the owner , mark , is outstanding .	owner	positive
the owner , mark , is outstanding .	mark	positive
that was the start of the not so good weekend .	weekend	positive
the servers are great .	servers	positive
they definitely have a good following and a great business established .	business	positive
perfect location right in the mall .	location	positive
the food was very mediocre - not terrible , but nothing special .	food	negative
that was outside my budget so i checked with _num_ independent mechanics .	mechanics	negative
a family favorite of ours is the kona .	kona	positive
well first of all i think people are just not honest .	people	negative
they are always polite , fast and the food is enjoyable .	food	positive
love this place !	place	positive
fantastic place .	place	positive
the owner is the designer and they have really cool unique stuff .	owner	positive
the owner is the designer and they have really cool unique stuff .	stuff	positive
great wine , cool vibe .	wine	positive
great wine , cool vibe .	vibe	positive
the menu is outstanding .	menu	positive
chili powder does not go in thai food .	chili powder	negative
chili powder does not go in thai food .	thai food	negative
they are always welcoming and have never pressured me into added service .	service	positive
i was very excited to stay at the sanctuary , but left very disappointed .	sanctuary	negative
cool little dive bar in old town scottsdale .	dive bar	positive
great food , fast service .	food	positive
great food , fast service .	service	positive
the service is wonderful .	service	positive
the service is always horrible and the sandwiches always take forever .	service	negative
the service is always horrible and the sandwiches always take forever .	sandwiches	negative
excellent breakfast spot .	breakfast spot	positive
i love the free tea and coffee that they always have available downstairs .	tea	positive
i love the free tea and coffee that they always have available downstairs .	coffee	positive
the staff was scary friendly and very attentive .	staff	positive
thanks mickey !	mickey	positive
superb job and so happy with my car !	job	positive
superb job and so happy with my car !	car	positive
the store was very clean and organized .	store	positive
even the photos on their drive thru menu look bland .	photos	negative
even the photos on their drive thru menu look bland .	drive thru menu	negative
the health inspector needs a surprise visit .	health	positive
love the back corner which has some nice to tobacco pipes .	back corner	positive
love the back corner which has some nice to tobacco pipes .	tobacco pipes	positive
we love this mcdonalds .	mcdonalds	positive
the reality is , this is the best hospital experience i 've ever had .	hospital	positive
the best chicken and dumplings anywhere - absolutely anywhere !	chicken and dumplings	positive
he refused and said the owner does not give any refunds what so ever .	owner	negative
do not get the salad .	salad	negative
she does the best work and is so pleasant and nice .	work	positive
the trains themselves are pretty cool .	trains	positive
after waiting everything was cold except the grits .	grits	negative
customer service is pretty terrible .	customer service	negative
the guy on the phone said the price was $ _num_ .	price	negative
great little deli !	deli	positive
clean ( for the most part ) and the staff is amazingly attentive .	staff	positive
no bartender .	bartender	negative
this place is fantastic !	place	positive
no extreme stuff .	stuff	positive
the place is nice to hang out with friends .	place	positive
the atmosphere is spectacular .	atmosphere	positive
kind of a dive bar but still totally popular .	dive bar	negative
lunch here last week was great !	lunch	positive
the place smelled of dogs ( as to be expected ) .	place	negative
the place smelled of dogs ( as to be expected ) .	dogs	negative
orange table is a regular brunch spot for my husband and i .	orange table	positive
orange table is a regular brunch spot for my husband and i .	spot	positive
that 's a good sign knowing that your dog loves it here .	dog	positive
if you love home made mexican food this is the place .	mexican food	positive
my goodness , was she an unpleasant woman !	woman	negative
children were upset , adults disappointed .	children	negative
good customer service and very knowledgeable staff .	customer service	positive
good customer service and very knowledgeable staff .	staff	positive
this place is delicious and the service was quick .	place	positive
this place is delicious and the service was quick .	service	positive
a portion of their delicious wings and a side of spicy french fries .	wings	positive
a portion of their delicious wings and a side of spicy french fries .	spicy french fries	positive
if i wanted terrible service , i 'd have gone to target .	service	negative
this truely was one of the worst car washes i paid for .	car washes	negative
some of the best seafood in old town .	seafood	positive
the veal , chicken and pasta dishes are all amazing .	veal , chicken	positive
the veal , chicken and pasta dishes are all amazing .	pasta dishes	positive
the food is consistently well made and flavorful .	food	positive
the vegetables were overcooked and soggy .	vegetables	negative
his dough was not baked in the middle .	dough	negative
the border bowl is so delicious .	border bowl	positive
one of the great chefs in the valley !	chefs	positive
sesame seeds in an italian restaurant ?	sesame seeds	negative
please support this local business .	business	positive
this will be my new spot for comfort food and good service .	comfort food	positive
this will be my new spot for comfort food and good service .	service	positive
great museum for kids and family 's .	museum	positive
the food was great , service friendly and spot on .	food	positive
the food was great , service friendly and spot on .	service	positive
i 've been a aaa customer for _num_ years in multiple states .	customer	positive
interior design is very dated and in need of a complete deep cleaning .	interior design	negative
fast , friendly and best of all quality ingredients and food .	ingredients	positive
fast , friendly and best of all quality ingredients and food .	food	positive
i had them fix it and they apologized with an apple pie .	apple pie	negative
got introduced to indian food here back in _num_ .	indian food	positive
lazy mechanics !	mechanics	negative
sometimes busy , but food is consistent and always good .	food	positive
great service !	service	positive
she also does interior decorating .	interior decorating	positive
the onions were overly sweet like sugar had been added .	onions	negative
the onions were overly sweet like sugar had been added .	sugar	negative
the potato thing was nasty .	potato thing	negative
the menu is small and limited to very few options .	menu	negative
very clean , well stocked and helpful friendly employees .	employees	positive
service was good & food was great .	service	positive
service was good & food was great .	food	positive
worst service i 've ever had and the food was just as bad .	service	negative
worst service i 've ever had and the food was just as bad .	food	negative
not much flavor in the food .	flavor	negative
not much flavor in the food .	food	negative
she did a fantastic job and it was a very reasonable price .	price	positive
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .	wait	negative
the content itself was from high school , nothing new .	content	positive
where 's my refund for you getting my order wrong ?	refund	negative
i really liked this gym a lot and will definitely consider becoming a member .	gym	positive
i eat there about every _num_ weeks and the food is always good !	food	positive
this place is pretty great for kalbi .	kalbi	positive
save your money , the lunch special bbq pork was terrible .	lunch special bbq pork	negative
this is my favorite place in the scottsdale area hands down .	place	positive
this is my favorite place in the scottsdale area hands down .	scottsdale area	positive
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	chow mein	negative
the service was polite and attentive .	service	positive
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	margaritas	positive
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	churros with ice cream	positive
so far all the food has been great .	food	positive
it was definitely crowded so we were lucky to find two seats together .	seats	negative
thank you , palm glen animal hospital .	palm	positive
suggest if this is the best they can do , _num_ the salad .	salad	positive
we enjoy our occasional lunch here with friends .	lunch	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
they have amazing sandwiches that are great and delicious .	sandwiches	positive
the was a great way to finish off a delicious dinner .	dinner	positive
i would recommend both young and old visiting this post .	post	positive
love this place !	place	positive
let me just say , money is not the issue here .	money	negative
prices are very reasonable , work is excellent .	prices	positive
prices are very reasonable , work is excellent .	work	positive
the crust had much to be desired for a few reasons .	crust	negative
always a great meal .	meal	positive
ca n't u see there 's no drinks on our table ?	drinks	negative
ca n't u see there 's no drinks on our table ?	table	negative
kim was amazing very professional .	kim	positive
his staff are excellent , friendly and very accommodating .	staff	positive
we got an orange soda , cherry pepsi and a kid pepsi .	orange soda , cherry pepsi	positive
we got an orange soda , cherry pepsi and a kid pepsi .	kid	positive
the staff is wonderful .	staff	positive
it is the best in the valley as far as i am concerned .	valley	positive
great prices !	prices	positive
then i made the hike to my room which was incredibly disappointing .	room	negative
so the sushi is great and the drinks ok but lovely and fantastic service .	sushi	positive
so the sushi is great and the drinks ok but lovely and fantastic service .	drinks	positive
so the sushi is great and the drinks ok but lovely and fantastic service .	service	positive
not a free drink , discount , etc .	drink	negative
they have everything but no good sales going on when i was there .	sales	negative
no ordering a rusty nail to go with those awesome mushrooms .	mushrooms	positive
but the service was pretty rough .	service	negative
mickey is the man !	mickey	positive
menu has a wide selection .	menu	positive
the food here was way too salty and bland .	food	negative
two stories down , you enter a cozy space .	space	positive
service was great and awesome music !	service	positive
service was great and awesome music !	music	positive
the ribs were high quality but the sauce was not spicy .	ribs	positive
the ribs were high quality but the sauce was not spicy .	sauce	negative
the bartenders were cute .	bartenders	positive
this location is closed and probably will be forever .	location	negative
great service .	service	positive
subway gets an extra star because i hate her so much .	star	negative
their sushi is decent and well priced for what you get .	sushi	positive
their sushi is decent and well priced for what you get .	priced	positive
i was second hand embarrassed for this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
price is very reasonable .	price	positive
the kind of relaxed night that is looking for .	night	positive
the chicken is surprising better then other kfc .	chicken	positive
the chicken is surprising better then other kfc .	kfc	positive
best mexican food in the valley imo .	mexican food	positive
i had tomatoes and really enjoyed their caprese salad .	tomatoes	positive
i had tomatoes and really enjoyed their caprese salad .	caprese salad	positive
plates are smaller but it is worth it .	plates	negative
the owners are quite friendly .	owners	positive
we will definitely be staying at this hotel again .	hotel	positive
absolutely incompetent employees and management .	employees	negative
absolutely incompetent employees and management .	management	negative
this place was not prepared for a party of five and up .	place	negative
this location was good .	location	positive
grimaldi 's is definitely a solid option for pizza in the valley .	pizza	positive
sushi sucked .	sushi	negative
management is useless and rude .	management	negative
amazing appetizers too ... and the price oh the price !	appetizers	positive
amazing appetizers too ... and the price oh the price !	price	positive
such a great place .	place	positive
the food is good for what you would expect .	food	positive
do n't fall for the lies .	lies	negative
the hamburger was over cooked and the fries to salty to eat .	hamburger	negative
the hamburger was over cooked and the fries to salty to eat .	fries	negative
she is one reason why i no longer purchase items in this store .	items	negative
she is one reason why i no longer purchase items in this store .	store	negative
server did n't seem well groomed and needed to brush his teeth .	server	negative
prices are decent and location in old town scottsdale ca n't be beat .	prices	positive
prices are decent and location in old town scottsdale ca n't be beat .	location	positive
i admit , the patio looked nice and the cushions were comfortable .	patio	positive
i admit , the patio looked nice and the cushions were comfortable .	cushions	positive
todd was our spectacular waiter and had everything we ordered come out to perfection .	waiter	positive
lots of options more than just simple smoothies .	smoothies	positive
the staff is very friendly here .	staff	positive
the dentist steven is very nice .	dentist steven	positive
i ate half of `` the top hat '' .	top hat	positive
garlic pizza was okay .	garlic pizza	positive
i love the layout .	layout	positive
avoid jade room _num_ or go when it 's not summer !	jade room _num_	negative
a nice mixed crowd of happy diners .	crowd	positive
a nice mixed crowd of happy diners .	diners	positive
nice staff , fun neighbors .	staff	positive
nice staff , fun neighbors .	neighbors	positive
their broccoli w/ oyster sauce is good to .	broccoli w/ oyster sauce	positive
iceberg lettuce topped with about a pound of blue cheese dressing .	iceberg lettuce	positive
iceberg lettuce topped with about a pound of blue cheese dressing .	blue cheese dressing	positive
the fish was not fresh and the mix of flavors were weird .	fish	negative
the fish was not fresh and the mix of flavors were weird .	mix of flavors	negative
staff super nice , concierge really helpful !	staff	positive
staff super nice , concierge really helpful !	concierge	positive
found this salon from its previous reviews .	salon	positive
customer service is what is lacking though , hence the two stars .	customer service	negative
a decent and reliable place for consistently at least decent pizza and other items .	pizza	positive
first off this restaurant is dirty .	restaurant	negative
the restaurant was not very clean either .	restaurant	negative
bread was great .	bread	positive
best lasagna ever !	lasagna	positive
the side dishes are generous in their proportions .	side dishes	positive
i did n't eat more than three bites of the rice .	rice	negative
however , it seems to be more profit driven than service driven .	service	negative
the facility is clean and welcoming .	facility	positive
my sister took her honda in and was also very happy .	honda	positive
very fast service .	service	positive
wonderful service .	service	positive
food : bland , nowhere near authentic .	food	negative
the asian fusion of traditional calamari was excellent .	asian fusion of traditional calamari	positive
needless to say we did n't order dessert .	dessert	negative
our waitress was very professional and served us well .	waitress	positive
above and beyond service !	service	positive
excellent family place .	family place	positive
wow , this was my first car wash and such a bad experience .	car wash	negative
i ventured off the menu this weekend and order some eggs and pancakes .	menu	positive
i ventured off the menu this weekend and order some eggs and pancakes .	eggs and pancakes	positive
definitely not a place to stay with the amount i paid .	place	negative
definitely not a place to stay with the amount i paid .	amount	negative
the ambiance is very authentic , too bad the food was so disappointing .	ambiance	negative
the ambiance is very authentic , too bad the food was so disappointing .	food	negative
we were greeted quickly and sat at a booth .	booth	positive
my girl friends steak and crab legs were bad as well .	steak	negative
my girl friends steak and crab legs were bad as well .	crab legs	negative
chips and salsa are so good !	chips	positive
chips and salsa are so good !	salsa	positive
if i could rate this location less than one star , i would .	location	positive
and there was no egg rolls or crab puffs !	egg rolls	negative
and there was no egg rolls or crab puffs !	crab puffs	negative
their seasonal pumpkin pie shake is quite tasty !	seasonal pumpkin pie shake	positive
good value and pleasant experience .	value	positive
i will not be doing business with this location again !	location	negative
great value .	value	positive
i highly recommend prestige !	prestige	positive
great place .	place	positive
we always enjoy our visit to cowboy ciao .	cowboy ciao	positive
quiet , convenient , clean , close to restaurants and a wine bar .	wine bar	positive
i called tire pros back and told them what i found .	tire pros	positive
the crust is crunchy and bubbly !	crust	positive
let 's begin with the positives .	positives	positive
we love the take out !	take out	positive
hallways elevators filthy from construction work .	hallways elevators	negative
the outside of this place looks really nice and the inside too .	outside	positive
the outside of this place looks really nice and the inside too .	place	positive
assistance is not what i got .	assistance	negative
we waited over _num_ hrs for our food and never came .	food	negative
cute cafe with well prepared plates .	cafe	positive
cute cafe with well prepared plates .	plates	positive
service is great !	service	positive
i brushed it off as the lighting and went home .	lighting	positive
sorry guys , that does n't cut it .	guys	negative
he is a gorgeous tuxedo cat and very friendly !	tuxedo cat	positive
please check this place out .	place	positive
the food is nothing special and the prices average .	food	negative
the food is nothing special and the prices average .	prices	negative
the staff is friendly , and the parking lot is large .	staff	positive
the staff is friendly , and the parking lot is large .	parking lot	positive
the staff and the service was exceptional !	staff	positive
the staff and the service was exceptional !	service	positive
very nice restaurant and reasonably priced !	restaurant	positive
very nice restaurant and reasonably priced !	priced	positive
there is not such thing as elite service .	service	negative
what a waste of a cool building .	building	positive
food is consistently _num_ 1/2 star quality , as is the wine list .	food	positive
food is consistently _num_ 1/2 star quality , as is the wine list .	quality	positive
food is consistently _num_ 1/2 star quality , as is the wine list .	wine list	positive
a vegetarian haven , it was .	vegetarian haven	negative
china wok ... you 're like a good friend i can always count on !	china wok	positive
very nice staff .	staff	positive
have complained to the mgr before .	mgr	negative
easier to dump the out of towners than honor their reservations .	reservations	negative
one of the hashbrowns was forgotten .	hashbrowns	negative
we had ordered and the food came out very fast and everything tasted great .	food	positive
i do n't understand why everyone likes this place so much .	place	negative
where did this tomato come from , south america ?	tomato	positive
where did this tomato come from , south america ?	south	positive
this is the best pizza i have had in arizona .	pizza	positive
good pizza .	pizza	positive
the service was mediocre at best .	service	negative
) , but the food was a complete bust .	food	negative
our entire meal was so delicious .	meal	positive
the food is amazing and the staff is so pleasant !	food	positive
the food is amazing and the staff is so pleasant !	staff	positive
the salad bar is fun and unique .	salad bar	positive
i do n't normally write bad reviews , but this place deserves one .	place	positive
it was tasty and their red sauce is a winner as well .	red sauce	positive
great birthday experience !	birthday	positive
my version of arizona does n't include this style .	style	negative
i 'm in love with this bar .	bar	positive
i stopped in for lunch .	lunch	positive
i highly recommend him if you 're having any issues whatsoever with your feet .	feet	positive
bland , boring and pathetic toppings .	toppings	negative
plus lets not forget the $ _num_ for one meatball .	$	positive
plus lets not forget the $ _num_ for one meatball .	meatball	positive
a great place to experience some unique and innovative dishes .	dishes	positive
the fresh baked bread is soooo good .	fresh baked bread	positive
small selection of toys and other accessories .	selection of toys	positive
small selection of toys and other accessories .	accessories	positive
terrible spices .	spices	negative
totally ripped off for $ _num_ and one plate of food was inedible .	plate of food	negative
the volunteers at scottsdale stadium are very friendly and helpful .	volunteers	positive
there desserts are all amazing .	desserts	positive
the keg is a great spot to have a nice dinner .	keg	positive
the keg is a great spot to have a nice dinner .	spot	positive
the keg is a great spot to have a nice dinner .	dinner	positive
the people there were nice accept my waitress .	people	positive
the people there were nice accept my waitress .	waitress	positive
wonderful service !	service	positive
first they bring you garlic bread that is delish !	garlic bread	positive
hear gun shots at night while trying to sleep thats not normal .	gun shots	negative
the tortillas they come on are gross .	tortillas	positive
scottsdale stadium is a great place to catch a spring training game !	stadium	positive
easter day nothing open , heard about this place figured it would ok .	place	negative
great neighborhood gem .	neighborhood	positive
i go mainly for the wings but the appetizers are also great .	wings	positive
i go mainly for the wings but the appetizers are also great .	appetizers	positive
they do have the best chipotle ranch ever !	chipotle ranch	positive
food is fantastic and i do n't say that lightly .	food	positive
dr rick and the staff are wonderful .	staff	positive
best italian i 've ever had .	italian	positive
go and get a seat outside !	seat	positive
what a great little quaint place .	place	positive
the food has always been good and the drinks .	food	positive
the food has always been good and the drinks .	drinks	positive
the food is good , the appetizers are well priced during happy hour .	food	positive
the food is good , the appetizers are well priced during happy hour .	appetizers	positive
the food is good , the appetizers are well priced during happy hour .	priced	positive
is n't that why you have free drink coupons ?	drink coupons	positive
poor service and false advertisement .	service	negative
poor service and false advertisement .	advertisement	negative
the quality is good and everyone there was helpful in picking out frames .	quality	positive
the quality is good and everyone there was helpful in picking out frames .	frames	positive
this is my favorite bagel place in the valley ( not just mesa ) .	bagel place	positive
love the fries and the environment is very welcoming .	fries	positive
love the fries and the environment is very welcoming .	environment	positive
great service for the most part , the staff is very friendly and welcoming .	service	positive
great service for the most part , the staff is very friendly and welcoming .	staff	positive
i left the store and went straight to another nail salon .	nail	negative
well , yesterday 's meal was awesome !	meal	positive
king gyros is just , perfect .	king gyros	positive
be prepared for a good wait time around lunch .	wait	positive
be prepared for a good wait time around lunch .	lunch	positive
i also love their focaccia sandwiches , wings , and chicken fingers .	focaccia sandwiches	positive
i also love their focaccia sandwiches , wings , and chicken fingers .	wings	positive
i also love their focaccia sandwiches , wings , and chicken fingers .	chicken fingers	positive
the food was awful - i can make a better steak at home .	food	negative
the food was awful - i can make a better steak at home .	steak	negative
i 've never liked going here , pretty terrible food and service .	food	negative
i 've never liked going here , pretty terrible food and service .	service	negative
the presentation was awful and the dish looked washed out and very bad .	presentation	negative
the presentation was awful and the dish looked washed out and very bad .	dish	negative
that sweet little angel of a waitress made my day !	waitress	positive
really pleasant and fast service .	service	positive
nice facilities and only 30+ rooms made for a unique top-notch location .	facilities	positive
nice facilities and only 30+ rooms made for a unique top-notch location .	rooms	positive
nice facilities and only 30+ rooms made for a unique top-notch location .	location	positive
the best korean bbq in the east valley .	korean bbq	positive
i 'm sorry , i really wanted to like this place .	place	positive
the food is pretty good too ... not the best.	food	negative
friendly staff .	staff	positive
okay , so normally i like courtyard hotels a lot !	courtyard hotels	positive
a great spot after work or even during work !	spot	positive
the pizza here is horrible .	pizza	negative
i ordered an artichoke and spinach dip and guinness wings .	artichoke	positive
i ordered an artichoke and spinach dip and guinness wings .	spinach dip	positive
i ordered an artichoke and spinach dip and guinness wings .	guinness wings	positive
this is my favorite resort hands down !	resort	positive
love suzanne and her staff .	suzanne	positive
love suzanne and her staff .	staff	positive
so glad they got rid of the unfriendly girls !	girls	positive
i 'm done with rosa 's .	rosa	negative
love the staff especially the owner .	staff	positive
love the staff especially the owner .	owner	positive
excellent quality with excellent professionalism .	quality	positive
the place it self is ok but she is just terrible person .	place	negative
very poor course for the price .	course	negative
very poor course for the price .	price	negative
very friendly atmosphere and the staff are courteous and helpful .	atmosphere	positive
very friendly atmosphere and the staff are courteous and helpful .	staff	positive
so , sadly , i give the library _num_ star .	library	positive
the service is incredibly rude and unprofessional .	service	negative
safe to say that i enjoy going to the dentist !	dentist	positive
i was so excited to try this place after many people recommend this place .	place	positive
i was so excited to try this place after many people recommend this place .	place	positive
it wasnt busy so i dont get why they had any dirty tables !	tables	negative
there was no ginger taste and it was super salty .	ginger taste	negative
the food and sangria were amazing .	food	positive
the food and sangria were amazing .	sangria	positive
the service was quite bad also .	service	negative
service is always perfect .	service	positive
the owner and staff were great .	owner	positive
the owner and staff were great .	staff	positive
it was a great experience from making my appointment to payment .	payment	positive
waiters are also really nice and work hard for their tips !	waiters	positive
the grounds are absolutely immaculate !	grounds	positive
service was great , and their waiting timer is a cute slice of pizza .	service	positive
service was great , and their waiting timer is a cute slice of pizza .	waiting timer	positive
i signed the voucher for $ _num_ for _num_ tickets `` on sale '' .	voucher	positive
i signed the voucher for $ _num_ for _num_ tickets `` on sale '' .	tickets	positive
he used an old school straight razor and did an amazing job !	straight razor	positive
he is not professional at all , his services sucks .	services	negative
had my boyfriend 's birthday dinner here and they went above and beyond .	dinner	positive
newly built store has that 50s theme which adds a great taste to it .	store	positive
i 'm giving this place _num_ stars because of the value .	place	positive
i 'm giving this place _num_ stars because of the value .	value	positive
our server anthony was great .	server anthony	positive
loved this place !	place	positive
osso bucco is great .	osso bucco	positive
first off , it is a hike to get to your room .	room	positive
some compassion would have been appreciated .	compassion	positive
the humus was very light , creamy , and delicious .	humus	positive
i have to say this restaurant is the best one in phoenix area .	restaurant	positive
staff is prompt , friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
best facials ever .	facials	positive
my new spot !	spot	positive
the place has really gone down in cleanliness .	place	positive
mediocre overpriced thai !	thai	negative
coke was out , ice ran out , cups ran out .	coke	negative
coke was out , ice ran out , cups ran out .	ice	negative
coke was out , ice ran out , cups ran out .	cups	negative
also , the owner was really , really rude and unfriendly .	owner	negative
this place is always dead .	place	negative
well , your state .	state	positive
the food is still amazing .	food	positive
good food and great happy hour deals .	food	positive
this place is me and my girlfriends go to spot for sundaes of sunday !	sundaes	positive
really good pizza !	pizza	positive
this place has really taken a turn in the worst direction .	place	negative
wide variety and quick service .	service	positive
i did a random search while on the road and found this gem .	gem	positive
cheap lunch but the food was pretty bad .	lunch	negative
cheap lunch but the food was pretty bad .	food	negative
the owner is honest and runs his business with integrity .	owner	positive
the drinks were on point and the atmosphere was warm and inviting .	drinks	positive
the drinks were on point and the atmosphere was warm and inviting .	atmosphere	positive
we thought we would try the chef 's tasting menu and it was delicious .	chef	positive
my advise your better off going to dennys .	dennys	positive
furthermore , the mac and cheese was really not good either .	mac and cheese	negative
was a fun place to try .	place	positive
it was like a home cooked meal and very simple and fresh .	meal	positive
they took my name and number instead and promised to get back to me .	number	negative
unlimited garlic bread ... ok.	garlic bread	positive
management seemed great and the bathrooms clean .	management	positive
management seemed great and the bathrooms clean .	bathrooms	positive
this is not a good price .	price	negative
excellent service !	service	positive
the staff is friendly .	staff	positive
great food !	food	positive
i ordered the meat ravioli and spaghetti with meatballs .	meat ravioli	positive
i ordered the meat ravioli and spaghetti with meatballs .	spaghetti with meatballs	positive
service was great .	service	positive
the only saving grace was the black beans .	black beans	positive
i hate this place .	place	negative
a very popular place .	place	positive
i highly recommend this dentist .	dentist	positive
clean establishment , with great customer service .	establishment	positive
clean establishment , with great customer service .	customer service	positive
they are decently priced and have a nice helpful staff .	priced	positive
they are decently priced and have a nice helpful staff .	staff	positive
it 's been ages since i 've been to a bahama bucks !	bahama bucks	positive
the atmosphere is stylish and welcoming .	atmosphere	positive
waited _num_ minutes and left .	waited	negative
what we received should not be called mexican food .	mexican food	negative
i 'd recommend using them if you 're interested in any of their services .	services	positive
highly recommend this office to anyone .	office	positive
the staff was friendly and there are interesting decorations on display .	staff	positive
the staff was friendly and there are interesting decorations on display .	decorations	positive
i will not recommend this place because of the lack of care .	care	negative
there was only meat and bread .	meat	negative
there was only meat and bread .	bread	negative
nice breakfast brunch place .	breakfast brunch place	positive
the food is mediocre at best .	food	negative
will recommend to anyone needing service !	service	positive
this was one of the worst restaurants i have ever eaten at ... .	restaurants	negative
$ _num_ for a tall glass of draft beer .	tall glass of draft beer	positive
chips and salsa are super good too .	chips	positive
chips and salsa are super good too .	salsa	positive
it 's as good as it gets in the desert .	desert	positive
bagels are good but service is terrible .	bagels	positive
bagels are good but service is terrible .	service	negative
the bartender , i think his name was louie , was very friendly .	bartender	positive
it is a very clean place .	place	positive
great spot for breakfast in old town scottsdale ... .	spot	positive
great spot for breakfast in old town scottsdale ... .	breakfast	positive
great views as well .	views	positive
the waitress was pleasant and friendly enough .	waitress	positive
next i had my gel manicure .	gel manicure	positive
the bathroom is clean and nice and so is the rest of the store !	bathroom	positive
their homemade tortillas , which they sell , are fantastic !	homemade tortillas	positive
service in particular was excellent .	service	positive
i had the prime rib , which was cooked to a perfect medium rare .	prime rib	positive
the office is very clean .	office	positive
the food and the atmosphere is amazing and laid back .	food	positive
the food and the atmosphere is amazing and laid back .	atmosphere	positive
but they were n't nice rooms .	rooms	negative
it is quiet and the staff is amazing .	staff	positive
this place reminds me of home !	place	positive
i would recommend india oven ( gilbert rd and southern ) .	india oven	positive
left stuff out of the bag that they charged me for .	stuff	negative
left stuff out of the bag that they charged me for .	bag	negative
i want to say thank you to the staff !	staff	positive
look at my previous reviews of other dos and i am typically very fair .	dos	positive
jesse is amazing !	jesse	positive
nice people .	people	positive
i found a dress that i absolutely love and ca n't stop thinking about !	dress	positive
i got the spicy salmon bowl and boy , it was delicious .	spicy salmon bowl	positive
for that price i was quite disappointed .	price	negative
_num_ ) the views are amazing at sunset !	views	positive
what an amazing property !	property	positive
the food came out fast did the customer service was excellent !	food	positive
the food came out fast did the customer service was excellent !	customer service	positive
avoid at all costs .	costs	positive
sunset is dynamite , but not so much the food !	food	negative
i think this is the step between taco time and an authentic mexican restaurant .	taco time	positive
and they only wore them for pictures and a start clinic .	pictures	negative
and they only wore them for pictures and a start clinic .	start clinic	negative
nice , calm atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the garlic bread was perfect .	garlic bread	positive
the staff was also very friendly and attentive .	staff	positive
food server was very pleasant and always had a nice smile .	food server	positive
i have nearly _num_ years of customer service .	customer service	positive
i checked this place out from former reviews which all seemed very good .	place	positive
they feature a different special each weekend , and i have tried several .	special	positive
celebrity skin is amazing !	celebrity skin	positive
i love their caprese crisp , the citrus salad , and the pizzas .	caprese crisp	positive
i love their caprese crisp , the citrus salad , and the pizzas .	citrus salad	positive
i love their caprese crisp , the citrus salad , and the pizzas .	pizzas	positive
the gentleman , who helped us , was friendly .	gentleman	positive
my husband ordered a vegetable stir fry .	vegetable stir fry	positive
i woke up from my injury face down on my bed .	bed	negative
everything on the menu was outstanding .	menu	positive
at least , thats what i had been taught throughout my educational career .	educational	positive
the potatoes are crisp on the outside and soft inside ... yum !	potatoes	positive
best place in downtown scottsdale for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
great authentic italian food .	italian food	positive
cool local spot .	local spot	positive
i went back _num_ times after that and was given different excuses each time .	excuses	negative
the food is great .	food	positive
chimis are awesome here .	chimis	positive
great place !	place	positive
all great quality papers ... all at totally competitive prices .	quality papers	positive
all great quality papers ... all at totally competitive prices .	prices	positive
you cook the bbq by yourself which is what i love .	bbq	positive
by far the best greek family in town and best greek food .	greek family	positive
by far the best greek family in town and best greek food .	greek food	positive
worst meal ever .	meal	negative
the man in charge said they normally wo n't replace scratched tint .	scratched	negative
baked potato and mixed vegetables as a side , again - unimpressive .	baked potato	negative
baked potato and mixed vegetables as a side , again - unimpressive .	mixed vegetables	negative
they would n't even comp our room !	room	negative
the `` meet the meat '' is amazing !	meat	positive
i visited this place years ago with a friend .	place	positive
the salmon was prepared perfectly .	salmon	positive
we took friends during restaurant week and the food was outstanding .	food	positive
waited _num_ minutes until anyone even greeted our table .	table	negative
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	atmosphere	positive
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	food	positive
great service !	service	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
best place in south scottsdale to drink and be merry .	place	positive
best place in south scottsdale to drink and be merry .	drink	positive
the outside seating is very cool with waterfall and river features .	outside seating	positive
the outside seating is very cool with waterfall and river features .	waterfall	positive
the outside seating is very cool with waterfall and river features .	river features	positive
our server , austin was top notch .	server	positive
next , a server comes up to use the credit card machine .	server	negative
next , a server comes up to use the credit card machine .	credit card machine	negative
great service , i mean really truly attentive service .	service	positive
great service , i mean really truly attentive service .	service	positive
highly recommend this place !	place	positive
great place to go in old town scottsdale .	place	positive
great place to go in old town scottsdale .	scottsdale	positive
good hollandaise too .	hollandaise	positive
food and service is always great .	food	positive
food and service is always great .	service	positive
i wish yelp would have a spot for no stars .	spot	positive
very lovely place to have dinner on a special occasion .	place	positive
very lovely place to have dinner on a special occasion .	dinner	positive
worst customer service ever for a corporate company .	customer service	negative
there is great live music here and it 's a good setup .	live music	positive
there is great live music here and it 's a good setup .	setup	positive
i would definitely recommend this restaurant and their delicious food .	food	positive
this amazing hidden gem is all that and more !	hidden	positive
solid sports bar in old town .	sports bar	positive
everything , including their chips and salsa , are made in house .	chips	positive
everything , including their chips and salsa , are made in house .	salsa	positive
the food is great !	food	positive
put your money back into your own local community .	money	positive
if you like beer this is the place for you .	beer	positive
delicious chinese food , convenient , inexpensive and take-out is always a snap .	chinese food	positive
they always go above and beyond with my car .	car	positive
great job !	job	positive
so very cool having a coffee shop at a gas station .	coffee shop	positive
fresh ingredients , an outstanding menu and authentic charm make this a local favorite .	ingredients	positive
fresh ingredients , an outstanding menu and authentic charm make this a local favorite .	menu	positive
ra does n't serve sushi .	sushi	negative
the eggs are good , bacon is great and fresh squeezed juices rock !	eggs	positive
the eggs are good , bacon is great and fresh squeezed juices rock !	bacon	positive
the eggs are good , bacon is great and fresh squeezed juices rock !	juices	positive
one came with mushrooms ( soggy ) the other none .	mushrooms (	negative
the sugar bowl is a scottsdale institution .	sugar bowl	positive
by the time the tortillas arrived , my food was cold .	tortillas	negative
by the time the tortillas arrived , my food was cold .	food	negative
not my thing .	thing	negative
so quaint and great food .	food	positive
amazing beers on tap .	beers on tap	positive
the place was pretty full and we decided to try it .	place	positive
awful service , mediocre food , and overpriced .	service	negative
awful service , mediocre food , and overpriced .	food	negative
great drinks tiki style !	drinks tiki	positive
wife got the salmon and was very pleased .	salmon	positive
even still , i was n't really interested at that price .	price	negative
it 's a must try if you enjoy pizza !	pizza	positive
the salsa here is awesome !	salsa	positive
interior is also pretty tiny , so do n't expect to eat inside .	interior	negative
love the area and historic building it was in .	area	positive
love the area and historic building it was in .	building	positive
they just lost _num_ customers but i 'm quite sure they do n't care .	customers	negative
if i could give this place zero stars i would !	place	positive
bad food ... bad customer service .	food	negative
bad food ... bad customer service .	customer service	negative
as good as it gets is right zizzo 's is amazing .	zizzo	positive
it is the perfect blend of sweet and spicy !	blend	positive
so watered down you would n't need s water with your food .	water	negative
so watered down you would n't need s water with your food .	food	negative
love love love this place .	place	positive
about two bites in he received his chicken meal .	chicken meal	negative
so let me get on to the dish i had .	dish	positive
average service would have made this review _num_ starts , .	service	negative
great wine and desert selections , especially the roulette .	wine	positive
great wine and desert selections , especially the roulette .	desert selections	positive
great wine and desert selections , especially the roulette .	roulette	positive
certainly not worth over $ _num_ for two sausage , egg and cheeses .	sausage , egg and cheeses	negative
very good service , nice hot bread , and a great wine selection .	service	positive
very good service , nice hot bread , and a great wine selection .	hot bread	positive
very good service , nice hot bread , and a great wine selection .	wine selection	positive
everyone was so sweet , caring and loving .	everyone	positive
the last french dip i got was pathetic with small portion of beef .	french dip	negative
the last french dip i got was pathetic with small portion of beef .	beef	negative
great ambiance !	ambiance	positive
the fresh bread in the market next door is also great .	fresh bread	positive
sitting here waiting for our food .	food	positive
ben and the staff at sun devil are fantastic !	staff	positive
everything on the menu taste bland .	menu	negative
she does n't belong in the service industry !	service	negative
good food and surrounded by sports memorabilia .	food	positive
we thought this place was great .	place	positive
the hygienist was horrible !	hygienist	negative
they were so rude and i was so appalled at this kind of service .	service	negative
sick service , if you want to waste your time come here .	service	negative
best kabobs on planet phoenix !	kabobs	positive
great recommendations !	recommendations	positive
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .	place	positive
woman at the counter : `` that 'll be $ _num_ per cut . ''	cut	negative
to someone who wants quality service and also a personal experience .	service	positive
but then , we get home & i start eating my food .	food	positive
dress ruined !	dress	negative
this piece of cardboard was n't worth more than $ _num_ .	cardboard	negative
pizza dough was gross , soggy , not done well .	pizza dough	negative
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	dish	positive
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	moo goo gai pan	positive
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	sauce	positive
do n't nickel and dime your paying customer .	customer	negative
by far one of my favorite places to go .	places	positive
this specific pep boys location meets all of those standards .	pep boys location	positive
the food and wine are excellent and there are many options for both .	food	positive
the food and wine are excellent and there are many options for both .	wine	positive
the food is fresh with great taste and large portions .	food	positive
the food is fresh with great taste and large portions .	portions	positive
the manager did n't quite seem to feel too bad about what happened .	manager	negative
the personal size is huge enough to feed two .	personal size	positive
i had a fantastic manicure from olga .	manicure	positive
the food here is delicious .	food	positive
another customer arrived before me & another right behind me .	customer	negative
our server steve was spot on .	server	positive
definately worth the extra cost to save time from running from place to place .	cost	negative
for both the staff were nice but again service will vary .	staff	positive
for both the staff were nice but again service will vary .	service	negative
could n't even do her own job .	job	negative
will defiantly keep this in mind when i 'm in need of new tires !	tires	positive
i 've been doing hair for _num_ years and they are the best !	hair	positive
the staff was nice .	staff	positive
very disappointed in food and margaritas .	food	negative
very disappointed in food and margaritas .	margaritas	negative
the kids had fun so we will go back .	kids	positive
we left our phone number for nathan , the manager , to call us .	manager	negative
the service is also extremely fast and very friendly .	service	positive
general tso 's chicken is great !	chicken	positive
great pools , great staff , great restaurants , beautiful grounds .	pools	positive
great pools , great staff , great restaurants , beautiful grounds .	staff	positive
great pools , great staff , great restaurants , beautiful grounds .	restaurants	positive
great pools , great staff , great restaurants , beautiful grounds .	grounds	positive
ambience is amazing , food & drinks great .	ambience	positive
ambience is amazing , food & drinks great .	food	positive
ambience is amazing , food & drinks great .	drinks	positive
best place to spend your birthday with such a great ambience and food !	ambience	positive
best place to spend your birthday with such a great ambience and food !	food	positive
wonderful service and the best chinese food in the valley .	service	positive
wonderful service and the best chinese food in the valley .	chinese food	positive
awesome dinner , be ready for a good kick !	dinner	positive
great selection on about _num_ taps .	selection	positive
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .	flavor	positive
it was n't working correctly and would n't let me enter my cc info .	cc info	negative
we both has sandwiches which were decent , nothing outstanding .	sandwiches	positive
this was another $ _num_ to replace .	$	negative
which were these mocha pie things , and were insanely delicious .	mocha pie things	positive
amazing food .	food	positive
i had their chianti with dinner and thought it to be superb .	chianti	positive
later that day i sent in a money order .	money order	negative
great food at great prices .	food	positive
great food at great prices .	prices	positive
her prices are reasonable , and her work is excellent !	prices	positive
then i had to wait in line _num_ minutes again just to pay .	line	negative
is that even meat in the _num_ cent tacos ?	meat	negative
the pizza we had at grimaldi 's was really good .	pizza	positive
this place has done it right !	place	positive
seriously , avoid talking to staff here !	staff	negative
employees ca n't get the order right and they ruined the tempe location .	employees	negative
employees ca n't get the order right and they ruined the tempe location .	tempe location	negative
the chicken was great and the service was fast .	chicken	positive
the chicken was great and the service was fast .	service	positive
i love the outdoor seating .	outdoor seating	positive
service is reasonable and the staff are very friendly .	service	positive
service is reasonable and the staff are very friendly .	staff	positive
the decor is definitely vintage gone bad !	decor	negative
this is certainly my favorite place in the valley to get good thai food !	thai food	positive
i like their web site , and claims of quality , and pricing .	web	positive
i like their web site , and claims of quality , and pricing .	quality	positive
i like their web site , and claims of quality , and pricing .	pricing	positive
i 'd rather drive _num_ miles to southern and mill for venezia 's pizza .	venezia 's pizza	positive
loved this place .	place	positive
their soups are great .	soups	positive
my drinks have consistently been made correctly and they have great customer service .	drinks	positive
my drinks have consistently been made correctly and they have great customer service .	customer service	positive
this place is as good as it gets .	place	positive
i ended up with food poisoning and missed work and vacation .	food	negative
this place was great !	place	positive
very surprising interior based on the exterior .	interior	positive
what a beautiful facility .	facility	positive
but that 's not all to a good margarita .	margarita	negative
do n't bother with this place for karaoke .	place	negative
do n't bother with this place for karaoke .	karaoke	negative
stars _num_ and _num_ : how was the food ?	food	positive
this place is not good .	place	negative
_num_ dollar hot and ready pizzas are such a great deal .	ready pizzas	positive
and the karaoke is terrible .	karaoke	negative
even the district manager would n't return my call about terrible service .	service	negative
great dinner last night .	dinner	positive
staff is very friendly and prices are defiantly the lowest .	staff	positive
staff is very friendly and prices are defiantly the lowest .	prices	negative
seriously the best pizza i have ever had .	pizza	positive
homemade tortillas were a huge hit with our table !	homemade tortillas	positive
homemade tortillas were a huge hit with our table !	table	positive
their beers ... still good .	beers	positive
otherwise great place .	place	positive
yes , this is one of the many reasons i love couch house .	couch house	positive
they give the client confidence , and they make me look good .	client	positive
the service was good .	service	positive
the delivery guys were very good as well and were very professional .	delivery guys	positive
the end of our two hours comes and we get brought the bill .	bill	positive
a shame too because it 's so close to the house .	house	negative
there are far too many other great restaurants for me to bother coming back .	restaurants	positive
to top it off , the service was bad .	service	negative
the staff is very helpful and friendly .	staff	positive
good stuff all around .	stuff	positive
good specialty rolls .	specialty rolls	positive
the guacamole is amazing .	guacamole	positive
maybe this whole `` white upper class '' dining experience is n't for me .	dining experience	negative
i was also disappointed that they did n't provide a microwave and fridge .	microwave	negative
i was also disappointed that they did n't provide a microwave and fridge .	fridge	negative
seriously tasty pizza and wings .	pizza	positive
seriously tasty pizza and wings .	wings	positive
the best bar in scottsdale .	bar	positive
the worst service ever .	service	negative
we had a wonderful meal and a great evening .	meal	positive
the plates for two are amazing .	plates	positive
stay in line and get something , .	line	negative
can you veal the love in the air ?	love	positive
the bass was nicely blackened , the shrimp flavorful .	bass	negative
the bass was nicely blackened , the shrimp flavorful .	shrimp	negative
this is not a place i would recommend .	place	negative
simply the best trailer service shop i 've ever run into .	trailer service shop	positive
poor communication .	communication	negative
best mexican food we 've had in years !	mexican food	positive
the cashiers are fast and friendly .	cashiers	positive
their patio is amazing though !	patio	positive
sally our server was excellent .	server	positive
this place is a real gem .	place	positive
never in my life have i seen a line for a wave pool .	line	positive
never in my life have i seen a line for a wave pool .	wave pool	positive
i looked around and there were still customers .	customers	negative
to top off the nite , hubby needed to use the restroom .	restroom	negative
we have always been happy with the service .	service	positive
all of the handmade tamales are fantastic as is the ceviche .	tamales	positive
all of the handmade tamales are fantastic as is the ceviche .	ceviche	positive
emily is passionate , patient , and knowledgable .	emily	positive
always a welcome face there .	face	positive
great specials and apps .	specials	positive
great specials and apps .	apps	positive
they make their own bread and have a good selection of boars head meat .	bread	positive
my chicken marsala was alright , but still stingy , even with the sauce .	chicken marsala	positive
my chicken marsala was alright , but still stingy , even with the sauce .	sauce	negative
waited ... pull up again nothing !	waited	negative
the staff here is incredible , and they are so good at their craft !	staff	positive
while busy with a number of groups , the service was amazing .	service	positive
i get the like it sized cones and create your own bowls .	cones	positive
i get the like it sized cones and create your own bowls .	bowls	positive
great office .	office	positive
service was also good .	service	positive
pretty good library overall .	library	positive
the tour was so beautiful and the customer service was great !	tour	positive
the tour was so beautiful and the customer service was great !	customer service	positive
fantastic grass fed sirloin made for a killer dinner for us .	grass fed sirloin	positive
fantastic grass fed sirloin made for a killer dinner for us .	dinner	positive
service was efficient and friendly , which i appreciated with the large group .	service	positive
terrible terrible service given the prices .	service	negative
terrible terrible service given the prices .	prices	negative
easily the worst sonic i 've been to .	sonic	negative
i always get good honest service here .	service	positive
food was so excellent !	food	positive
they also allow people in late , which is a big theater no no .	theater	negative
terrible management .	management	negative
it 's truly a great place and definitely worth a stop by .	place	positive
the place is well organized by style and the prices are pretty reasonable .	place	positive
the place is well organized by style and the prices are pretty reasonable .	prices	positive
shortly after that , all of the employees came pouring out of the kitchen .	employees	negative
such a positive , caring and professional atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
my problem with this place is their billing practices .	billing practices	negative
definitely try the hummus , as it is consistently delicious .	hummus	positive
the airport shuttle was very useful as well .	airport shuttle	positive
this place is worth trying just to read the unique food selection the menu .	food selection	positive
this place is worth trying just to read the unique food selection the menu .	menu	positive
get a job washing dishes at a restaurant or bakery if you have to .	dishes	positive
get a job washing dishes at a restaurant or bakery if you have to .	bakery	positive
they are going to look for an excuse to keep your money .	money	negative
love this place !	place	positive
their dynamite dish is excellent !	dynamite dish	positive
all the staff is extremely professional and very friendly !	staff	positive
great blend of spices .	blend of spices	positive
they also use the best cheese and the cheese crisps are a must .	cheese	positive
they also use the best cheese and the cheese crisps are a must .	cheese crisps	positive
thank you roberts catering !	catering	positive
i would not recommend grandma 's kitchen to people with young children .	kitchen	negative
yes , $ _num_ for a bad meal .	meal	negative
whatever the girls were talking about was apparently more important than the customers .	girls	negative
whatever the girls were talking about was apparently more important than the customers .	customers	negative
they serve sweet corn chicken soup -- a family favorite .	sweet corn chicken soup	positive
the golden wings are awesome !	golden wings	positive
my meal was fantastic and a perfect ending to my trip to arizona .	meal	positive
the kids love the food too !	food	positive
the steak and lamb were excellent and reasonably priced at less than $ _num_ .	steak	positive
the steak and lamb were excellent and reasonably priced at less than $ _num_ .	lamb	positive
the steak and lamb were excellent and reasonably priced at less than $ _num_ .	priced	positive
if you make an error , you do n't argue with your customer .	customer	negative
jumping forward , the bagels are really , really boring .	bagels	negative
selection is good and the store is well organized and stocked .	selection	positive
selection is good and the store is well organized and stocked .	store	positive
food is delicious .	food	positive
the quality was fantastic .	quality	positive
very reasonable , good people !	people	positive
our meals , however , were very lame .	meals	negative
i highly recommend this local establishment for any looking for authentic italian cuisine .	italian cuisine	positive
charlie was our server , she is outstanding !	server	positive
love the pasta .	pasta	positive
the food was pretty gross .	food	negative
i 've only had the thin crust , but it is excellent .	crust	positive
got ta love the wings !	wings	positive
bummed that this place sucked so bad !	place	negative
grab a beer and enjoy the people around you !	beer	positive
grab a beer and enjoy the people around you !	people	positive
no courtesy words , have to beg to get the table wiped off .	table	negative
the vip bathrooms are pretty tremendous as well .	vip bathrooms	positive
everything is cooked perfectly , and it comes out fast .	cooked	positive
great team !	team	positive
one of the best mexican joints i have ever been to !	mexican joints	positive
the atmosphere was great and clean ( including a nice clean restroom ) .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere was great and clean ( including a nice clean restroom ) .	restroom	positive
the selection of sushi is disgusting .	selection of sushi	negative
the worst burger king i ever been to !	burger king	negative
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	waitress	positive
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	styrofoam cup full of water	positive
awesome support of local music !	local music	positive
always an awesome experience ordering from this location .	location	positive
the lady giving me my pedicure cut me twice !	lady	negative
the lady giving me my pedicure cut me twice !	pedicure	negative
there are terrific private room options for special occasions .	private room options	positive
thank for the awesome service !	service	positive
it 's good to know that you can still get awesome food till 2am .	food	positive
the service was prompt and friendly .	service	positive
they always hook us up with a pretty unique deserts .	deserts	positive
this animal hospital is just terrible .	animal hospital	negative
this is a nice modern store , clean and well organized .	store	positive
terrible food , terrible service and a depressing place to be .	food	negative
terrible food , terrible service and a depressing place to be .	service	negative
terrible food , terrible service and a depressing place to be .	place	negative
food and ambiance was fantastic .	food	positive
food and ambiance was fantastic .	ambiance	positive
these people are the worst .	people	negative
the best seafood restaurant ever !	seafood	positive
they got me in pretty quickly and nice waiting area .	waiting area	positive
food is delicious and reasonably priced .	food	positive
food is delicious and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
my waiter is the only reason im giving _num_ stars .	waiter	positive
altogether the bill was $ _num_ .	bill	positive
still a shrimp novice , i had no clue .	shrimp novice	negative
great neighborhood chinese place : check it out !	neighborhood chinese place	positive
excellent dinner , great wine recommendation .	dinner	positive
excellent dinner , great wine recommendation .	wine recommendation	positive
horrible place !	place	negative
management is friendly and always remember our names .	management	positive
breakfast overlooking the swimming pools makes for a great way to start any day .	breakfast	positive
breakfast overlooking the swimming pools makes for a great way to start any day .	swimming pools	positive
the change machine was out of quarters .	change machine	negative
good ice-cream poor service .	ice-cream	positive
good ice-cream poor service .	service	positive
their patio is awesome , very soothing atmosphere with a nice waterfall .	patio	positive
their patio is awesome , very soothing atmosphere with a nice waterfall .	atmosphere	positive
their patio is awesome , very soothing atmosphere with a nice waterfall .	waterfall	positive
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	selection of salads	positive
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	pasta items	positive
this facility is _num_ star for sure .	facility	positive
great seafood .	seafood	positive
and whenever i have gone i have had unfriendly and uncaring servers .	servers	negative
the place is very comfortable and the food is great .	place	positive
the place is very comfortable and the food is great .	food	positive
we had to request menus after having waited for approximately _num_ minutes .	menus	negative
then getting a refund is another problem .	refund	negative
this place is not clean and no one cares apparently .	place	negative
great venue .	venue	positive
our server was good .	server	positive
he is not very customer friendly at all !	customer	negative
small home store selection is a great add .	home store selection	positive
wonderful food , classes that are a delight .	food	positive
wonderful food , classes that are a delight .	classes	positive
the bed sucked .	bed	negative
the food is so incredibly good .	food	positive
happy hour , lunch or dinner are all good .	lunch	positive
happy hour , lunch or dinner are all good .	dinner	positive
the place was busy but service was excellent .	place	negative
the place was busy but service was excellent .	service	positive
his prices are good compared to the other places .	prices	positive
-they did n't toast my bagel and it made me cry .	bagel	negative
the crab rangoons were nothing special .	crab rangoons	negative
it was very convenient and friendly staff .	staff	positive
love the new showroom !	showroom	positive
the food is really good .	food	positive
from phx it is kind of a hike , but totally worth it !	phx	positive
much better than the tempe improv .	tempe improv	positive
great food .	food	positive
it is like an irish tgi fridays .	tgi fridays	positive
great food , wonderful atmosphere .	food	positive
great food , wonderful atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i put the wrong zip code .	zip code	negative
impeccable customer service , beautiful grounds and well maintained .	customer service	positive
impeccable customer service , beautiful grounds and well maintained .	grounds	positive
beyond that the cloth washer is filthy and dryer does n't work very well .	cloth washer	negative
i took a sip and it was pretty gross - way too much syrup !	syrup	negative
what did matter is the fact our air conditioning does n't work .	air conditioning	negative
i 'm still kind of confused about how i feel about this place .	place	negative
the alfredo was deliciously creamy , not bland like so many other places .	alfredo	positive
excellent , a neighborhood jewel with perhaps the best steak in mesa !	steak	positive
the calamari appetizer was the best we have ever had .	calamari appetizer	positive
spending over $ _num_ , we expected higher quality food .	food	negative
long black hair baked carefully in the center of the pie !	pie	negative
although the drinks get made , the service is terrible .	drinks	negative
although the drinks get made , the service is terrible .	service	negative
schnitzel was as tough as leather .	leather	positive
everything tasted fresh and just the right portion .	portion	positive
sadly , i can not recommend this place .	place	negative
the cornbread is the best ever !	cornbread	positive
i completely recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
i have had no problems with the friendliness of the staff .	staff	positive
probably one of the best pizzas i have ever had .	pizzas	positive
please do not waste your time or money .	money	positive
chicken was dry , beans were flavorless , as was the rice .	chicken	negative
chicken was dry , beans were flavorless , as was the rice .	beans	negative
chicken was dry , beans were flavorless , as was the rice .	rice	negative
the fastest service ever !	service	positive
no wonder the employees are rude .	employees	negative
they are usually very friendly and the restaurant is a very nice environment .	environment	positive
mary carmen german is the stylist to book with !	german	positive
fresh ingredients and perfectly cooked .	ingredients	positive
best resort in the phoenix metro area .	resort	positive
when they say a small serves 2-3 , that 's 2-3 lunch sized portions .	serves	negative
when they say a small serves 2-3 , that 's 2-3 lunch sized portions .	lunch sized portions	positive
i would recommend dc animal hospital to everyone .	animal hospital	positive
probably the best coffee they make .	coffee	positive
waitstaff was attentive and efficient .	waitstaff	positive
the receptionist could n't give me a reason for the delay ?	receptionist	negative
the receptionist could n't give me a reason for the delay ?	delay	negative
they serve a unique sandwich that i enjoyed very much .	sandwich	positive
unfortunately , they have issues with their laundry .	laundry	negative
consistent , high quality , clean , and great service .	quality	positive
consistent , high quality , clean , and great service .	service	positive
very friendly owners .	owners	positive
wine was good also .	wine	positive
the halibut special that my mom had was also wonderful .	halibut special	positive
the meatball sub was n't anything special to me either .	meatball sub	negative
i loved this place then , and i love it still _num_ years later .	place	positive
deep fried tacos !	deep	positive
deep fried tacos !	tacos	positive
they were the worst ribs i have ever had !	ribs	negative
thanks cody .	cody	positive
the caprese salad was pretty good .	caprese salad	positive
slimy mayo covers the lettuce and tomato .	mayo	positive
slimy mayo covers the lettuce and tomato .	lettuce	positive
the wright house has soooo much potential , but they fail big time .	wright house	positive
and i got nothing for the $ _num_ coupon for the crappy service .	$	negative
and i got nothing for the $ _num_ coupon for the crappy service .	service	negative
great food , great deli , and great service .	food	positive
great food , great deli , and great service .	deli	positive
great food , great deli , and great service .	service	positive
particularly since the place was relatively empty .	place	negative
_num_ - _num_ minutes i can understand , _num_ minutes , not really .	_num_	negative
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .	music videos	positive
i love their all you can eat shrimp and the lobster and crab !	shrimp	positive
i love their all you can eat shrimp and the lobster and crab !	lobster	positive
she calls back _num_ mins later and tells me his blood work looks great .	blood work	positive
i 'd recommend checking this place out if you 're in the area .	place	positive
i 'd recommend checking this place out if you 're in the area .	area	positive
an extra is a free entree after every six visits .	entree	positive
like the lighting and feel of this place at night .	lighting	positive
like the lighting and feel of this place at night .	feel	positive
like the lighting and feel of this place at night .	place	positive
space is beautiful , of course .	space	positive
in my opinion , they are best known for their deserts .	deserts	positive
i would highly recommend this salon .	salon	positive
we had few different options and all were fantastic .	options	positive
i spoke to the manager about our experience and he clearly did not care .	manager	negative
this is my kind of place !	place	positive
even their bar food misses the mark .	bar food	negative
even the manager could n't help us with better service .	manager	negative
even the manager could n't help us with better service .	service	negative
best part of this place , it 's cage free !	place	positive
best part of this place , it 's cage free !	cage	positive
amanda in the restuarant was very sweet and quick on the refills .	amanda	positive
it was a nice date night .	date night	positive
this place is absolutely amazing !	place	positive
great food , friendly service would return !	food	positive
great food , friendly service would return !	service	positive
the service was super fast .	service	positive
the prices are great , if you know how to pack your bowl !	prices	positive
the prices are great , if you know how to pack your bowl !	bowl	positive
slow service and occasionally rude people working .	service	negative
slow service and occasionally rude people working .	people	negative
fast , friendly and had what i needed at a good price !	price	positive
usually great but tonight the service was horrible .	service	negative
the dressing was not very good either .	dressing	negative
i really enjoy coming to this place .	place	positive
the best onion rings .	onion rings	positive
we visited here for lunch and were somewhat disappointed .	lunch	negative
the staff is knowledgeable and friendly .	staff	positive
the employees are all exceptionally friendly and appear to appreciate my business .	employees	positive
always great service !	service	positive
fresh baked bread made close to our table .	bread	negative
fresh baked bread made close to our table .	table	negative
everything is always great , the food is amazing .	food	positive
nice service save .	service	positive
meat was dry and the tortillas tasted as if they were several days old .	meat	negative
meat was dry and the tortillas tasted as if they were several days old .	tortillas	negative
no easy button for you ... staples !	button	negative
the drive is long but it 's worth it .	drive	positive
about _num_ minutes goes by and she comes out with our pizza .	pizza	positive
excellent service , great atmosphere .	service	positive
excellent service , great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
needless to say , i have never returned to a zipps and never will .	zipps	positive
i went in and sat at the bar , dirty tables all around me .	bar	negative
i went in and sat at the bar , dirty tables all around me .	tables	negative
i know the owners the and they are very friendly to everyone .	owners	positive
the food has always lived up to my expectations for good wholesome mexican food .	food	positive
the food has always lived up to my expectations for good wholesome mexican food .	mexican food	positive
i love this restaurant !	restaurant	positive
we ordered the pulled pork tacos ( delicious ! )	pulled pork tacos	positive
great food , great staff .	food	positive
great food , great staff .	staff	positive
i had the cod , rice , asparagus and such a wonderful combination .	cod	positive
i had the cod , rice , asparagus and such a wonderful combination .	rice	positive
cockroaches and super old and gross .	cockroaches	positive
canine preferred took great care of my pup .	canine	positive
canine preferred took great care of my pup .	pup	positive
honey mustard was surprisingly bland .	honey mustard	negative
i love places that have their own beer but also have other beer .	beer	positive
i love places that have their own beer but also have other beer .	beer	positive
they provide great customer service .	customer service	positive
classic italian food and decent craft beer selection .	italian food	positive
classic italian food and decent craft beer selection .	craft beer selection	positive
bad start .	start	negative
they did a great job with food , and service .	food	positive
they did a great job with food , and service .	service	positive
the food was pretty good and the prices were reasonable .	food	positive
the food was pretty good and the prices were reasonable .	prices	positive
the big , party pizza was the best !	party pizza	positive
this place is horrible and i will never recommended them or use then again .	place	negative
had n't been here in awhile , sure was a great family birthday dinner !	birthday dinner	positive
i do n't even want to give this dump the one star !	dump	negative
gag .	gag	negative
service was friendly and prompt each time .	service	positive
absolute worst bar service i 've ever received .	bar service	negative
i agree with everyone else , this mcdonalds is the worst .	mcdonalds	negative
great service , beautiful ambience .	service	positive
great service , beautiful ambience .	ambience	positive
the service is extremely poor .	service	negative
i bought airline tickets to spread him over disneyland .	airline tickets	positive
the place is hard to find but well worth it.	place	negative
she ordered a chopped salad and i ordered a kobe beef hamburger .	chopped salad	negative
she ordered a chopped salad and i ordered a kobe beef hamburger .	kobe beef hamburger	negative
there are much better places to eat breakfast for the price .	breakfast	negative
there are much better places to eat breakfast for the price .	price	negative
super cool date spot .	date spot	positive
it was also served with rice and beans .	served	positive
it was also served with rice and beans .	rice and beans	positive
this store is in a great location .	store	positive
this store is in a great location .	location	positive
i know regulars would agree .	regulars	positive
many fast food places have a reputation of messing w/ cops orders .	fast food places	negative
and the train tracks 1/2 block away make it a noisy sleep .	train	negative
it was expensive , portions were small for the price .	portions	negative
it was expensive , portions were small for the price .	price	negative
do n't waste your money here .	money	positive
great service !	service	positive
the service was very good too .	service	positive
i did n't notice it being any quicker than any other starbucks .	starbucks	negative
nobody can talk as loud and as much as this guy .	guy	negative
that 's just bad workmanship .	workmanship	negative
lovely place for breakfast .	place	positive
lovely place for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
great , sleepy little staples .	staples	positive
there are a bunch of native american 's that frequent this establishment .	native	positive
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	atmosphere	positive
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	ice cream parlor	positive
their staff is cheerful , friendly , and eager to help .	staff	positive
this place is delicious and popular but very packed .	place	positive
my kale salad had no kale , just mixed greens that were pretty wilted .	kale salad	negative
my kale salad had no kale , just mixed greens that were pretty wilted .	mixed greens	negative
you 'll be met with a rude vet tech and a condescending doctor .	vet tech	negative
you 'll be met with a rude vet tech and a condescending doctor .	doctor	negative
enjoyed the sunday $ _num_ brunch buffet .	sunday $ _num_ brunch buffet	positive
i just love this place .	place	positive
maybe a chicken salad sandwich .	chicken salad sandwich	positive
our server was prompt and cordial , and the food was fantastic .	server	positive
our server was prompt and cordial , and the food was fantastic .	food	positive
great service !	service	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
the stylist was a different one , also polite but cold .	stylist	negative
the service is great .	service	positive
if you like good chinese food , definitely make time for this place !	chinese food	positive
if you like good chinese food , definitely make time for this place !	place	positive
the actual concept is excellent .	concept	positive
orange juice tasted like sunny d .	orange juice	positive
this clinic is the best !	clinic	positive
the service !	service	positive
my family and i love this place !	place	positive
how can a company flat out not care about it 's people ?	people	negative
good atmosphere - it 's small with friendly staff .	atmosphere	positive
good atmosphere - it 's small with friendly staff .	staff	positive
great , economical rates too !	rates	positive
terrible management .	management	negative
very prompt service .	service	positive
this is shocking as they are not a `` seafood '' restaurant .	seafood	negative
the owner has such a great presence !	owner	positive
i have only had the pizza but it 's been good each time .	pizza	positive
love this place !	place	positive
best bagels in town .	bagels	positive
it 's a great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
the asparagus and salmon was cooked to perfection a nice blend of flavors .	asparagus and salmon	positive
the asparagus and salmon was cooked to perfection a nice blend of flavors .	flavors	positive
love the place , ca n't say enough good things about it .	place	positive
diane fit me in on a saturday morning and the result speaks for itself !	result	positive
meatball pizza , put it in your mouth .	meatball pizza	positive
delicious food .	food	positive
nicole is very pleasant and on top of things !	nicole	positive
then i had to pay $ _num_ to sit at a decent table .	table	negative
great happy hour !	happy hour	positive
the owner was over the top , absolutely rude .	owner	negative
service is super friendly .	service	positive
the ambiance inside is really interesting as well .	ambiance inside	positive
the burgers are great .	burgers	positive
run far away from this place .	place	negative
servers are always friendly .	servers	positive
bomb is great , superb !	bomb	positive
friendly service .	service	positive
they have a great wine and scotch selection .	wine	positive
they have a great wine and scotch selection .	scotch selection	positive
now i have to find a new mexican sit down restaurant .	mexican sit down restaurant	positive
great food and great service .	food	positive
great food and great service .	service	positive
very good service .	service	positive
by far one of my favorite places to have breakfast .	breakfast	positive
i ordered the enchiladas with chicken .	enchiladas with chicken	positive
the food is truly top of the line .	food	positive
we would 've saved ourselves a boat load of stress by doing it ourselves .	boat	negative
so , i read reviews and thought i would try out their delivery .	delivery	positive
courteous , timely , nice vehicles , at a great price .	vehicles	positive
courteous , timely , nice vehicles , at a great price .	price	positive
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	broccoli beef	negative
have had several types and all have been delicious .	types	positive
my rule of thumb is split the goodies with a friend !	goodies	positive
jen knows exactly what my skin needs and how it will respond .	jen	positive
jen knows exactly what my skin needs and how it will respond .	skin	positive
reasonably priced , clean , and friendly .	priced	positive
like the orange blossom , their most popular brew .	orange blossom	positive
like the orange blossom , their most popular brew .	brew	positive
great prices , fresh meats , good portions .	prices	positive
great prices , fresh meats , good portions .	fresh meats	positive
great prices , fresh meats , good portions .	portions	positive
no utensils , no napkins , no bread .	utensils	negative
no utensils , no napkins , no bread .	napkins	negative
no utensils , no napkins , no bread .	bread	negative
clean place , friendly staff , happy to accept my groupon .	place	positive
clean place , friendly staff , happy to accept my groupon .	staff	positive
clean place , friendly staff , happy to accept my groupon .	groupon	positive
great spot !	spot	positive
loved the spicy salsa and skinny margaritas .	spicy salsa	positive
loved the spicy salsa and skinny margaritas .	skinny margaritas	positive
seriously the best breakfast in town !	breakfast	positive
all in all we find this pre school wonderful !	pre school	positive
the music is great and the scenery reminds me of my grandparents .	music	positive
the music is great and the scenery reminds me of my grandparents .	scenery	positive
the whole staff is so caring and kind to you and your pets .	staff	positive
the whole staff is so caring and kind to you and your pets .	pets	positive
the bar had lovely happy hour , and the outside seating was nice .	bar	positive
the bar had lovely happy hour , and the outside seating was nice .	outside seating	positive
every time we come here the food is delicious !	food	positive
but the food is your typical fast food chinese place .	food	positive
but the food is your typical fast food chinese place .	fast	positive
but the food is your typical fast food chinese place .	chinese place	positive
this place has zero customer service .	customer service	negative
service was wonderful , on point .	service	positive
quaint place .	place	positive
hotel is beautiful , staff rules and pool is so fun .	hotel	positive
hotel is beautiful , staff rules and pool is so fun .	staff rules	positive
hotel is beautiful , staff rules and pool is so fun .	pool	positive
the food was all great .	food	positive
the worst taco bell i have ever been to .	taco bell	negative
old lounge style atmosphere , kind of tired , but service was good .	atmosphere	negative
old lounge style atmosphere , kind of tired , but service was good .	service	positive
the customer service was exceptional .	customer service	positive
the chef came out 2-3 times to try to kill it .	chef	negative
we got a piece of all of the cakes .	cakes	positive
the flowers were fresh , and they were delivered on time .	flowers	positive
the seasoning was off and it tasted like dry grilled beef .	seasoning	negative
so changed to nachos , but no cheese on them .	nachos	negative
so changed to nachos , but no cheese on them .	cheese	negative
yummy steaks , great atmosphere , good wine list .	steaks	positive
yummy steaks , great atmosphere , good wine list .	atmosphere	positive
yummy steaks , great atmosphere , good wine list .	wine list	positive
everyone is super friendly as well .	everyone	positive
love this place !	place	positive
pretty decent price .	price	positive
driver tells me it 's just dust on the rocks that needs washing off .	driver	negative
driver tells me it 's just dust on the rocks that needs washing off .	dust	negative
we came with a groupon , and received the worst service .	service	negative
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	crab cakes , salt	negative
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	flavor	negative
the food is good too .	food	positive
great mechanics !	mechanics	positive
very friendly staff and a curious amount of items on sale and bare shelf .	staff	positive
very friendly staff and a curious amount of items on sale and bare shelf .	items	positive
very friendly staff and a curious amount of items on sale and bare shelf .	shelf	positive
the food actually really surprised me .	food	positive
and found you could even purchase a jar to take home !	jar	positive
i had one dinner here a few months back and i enjoyed it .	dinner	positive
the service has always been great and the lunch is really good .	service	positive
the service has always been great and the lunch is really good .	lunch	positive
we had their special airplane omelet it was absolutely delicious !	airplane omelet	positive
but their sushi was just not good .	sushi	negative
most every morning they mess up my coffee !	coffee	negative
things looked good there , store was clean and people were friendly .	store	positive
things looked good there , store was clean and people were friendly .	people	positive
rick as always was great .	rick	positive
the only thing that was good was the sip of mimosa i had .	sip of mimosa	positive
the best pizza pie in town !	pizza pie	positive
rude and incompetent people work here .	people	negative
we sat on the patio , it was so dirty !	patio	negative
great value and clean room !	value	positive
great value and clean room !	room	positive
this place is terrible .	place	negative
service was above and beyond which completed the perfect experience .	service	positive
do not waste your time and/or money at this car wash .	money	negative
do not waste your time and/or money at this car wash .	car wash	positive
just not good business sense folks .	business	negative
finally found a thai place in az that i can rave about .	thai place	positive
excellent , creative menu .	menu	positive
the sangria just tasted like cheap sangria , nothing special .	sangria	positive
the sangria just tasted like cheap sangria , nothing special .	sangria	positive
the bathroom was amazing but totally disconnected from the rest of the room .	bathroom	positive
chuck is responsive , accessible and very helpful .	chuck	positive
they have free wifi but constant problems with it .	wifi	negative
wonderful pizza , tasty toasted ravioli and excellent gooey butter cake .	pizza	positive
wonderful pizza , tasty toasted ravioli and excellent gooey butter cake .	toasted ravioli	positive
wonderful pizza , tasty toasted ravioli and excellent gooey butter cake .	gooey butter cake	positive
cowboy is awesome !	cowboy	positive
i 'm so glad we found this great dry cleaner in scottsdale .	dry cleaner	positive
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	restaurant	negative
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	class	negative
stupid dealer !	dealer	negative
i love their tacos .	tacos	positive
i went there last night with a large party ( _num_ ) .	party	positive
i really enjoy this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
there are really no words to describe how terrible this place is .	place	negative
i will not be coming to this location any longer !	location	negative
my wife had the lemon chicken which was pretty good , but not great .	lemon chicken	negative
great , large menu and pleasant staff .	menu	positive
great , large menu and pleasant staff .	staff	positive
great guys , great service .	service	positive
not a good practice .	practice	negative
love , love , love malee 's !	malee 's	positive
one was breakfast which was served until _num_ am .	breakfast	positive
one was breakfast which was served until _num_ am .	served	positive
it tasted like a reheated frozen pizza .	frozen pizza	negative
the food has always been exceptional .	food	positive
the portions are perfect size , so much flavor , and very filling !	portions	positive
get a hair cut and a nice close shave .	hair cut	positive
this restaurant is amazing !	restaurant	positive
a great place to spend time with friends .	place	positive
and the food was meh and really not very good .	food	negative
food is great !	food	positive
no , just some odds and ends they have leftover it seemed like .	odds	negative
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	service	positive
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	staff	positive
i strongly recommend them to anyone in the valley .	valley	positive
we both got burgers and mine was greasy , but it tasted soo good .	burgers	negative
it 's like just eating oil , they have zero flavor .	oil	negative
it 's like just eating oil , they have zero flavor .	flavor	negative
best pizza in az hands down .	pizza	positive
i love guac !	guac	positive
beautiful grounds and we had a wonderful meal at sunset .	grounds	positive
beautiful grounds and we had a wonderful meal at sunset .	meal	positive
the food is good !	food	positive
unfortunately , this is my home for the next _num_ 1/2 days .	home	positive
sushi kee will be our to go sushi spot .	sushi kee	positive
sushi kee will be our to go sushi spot .	sushi spot	positive
will be bringing all my friends here for some awesome steak !	steak	positive
great job everytime i come here .	job	positive
the absolute perfect stay !	stay	positive
had mimosa which was very refreshing .	mimosa	positive
the chairs are comfortable .	chairs	positive
highly recommend and definitely worth the drive if you 're not nearby .	drive	positive
service was nowhere near ok .	service	negative
the food tastes homemade and the people are great !	food	positive
the food tastes homemade and the people are great !	people	positive
i should have gone to subway and saved myself about $ _num_ .	subway	negative
great food .	food	positive
i would n't trust these folks with my dog again .	dog	negative
obviously not new couches .	couches	negative
avoid this place like the plague !	place	negative
i advise that you go with friends and share different types of cow .	cow	positive
the crowds is always eclectic , energetic , and typical for scottsdale .	crowds	positive
the food is good .	food	positive
i had the seafood dish that was fresh and delicious .	seafood dish	positive
jalepeno fried rice is amazing too !	jalepeno fried rice	positive
i am not impressed by this agency or their policies .	policies	negative
service was good as well .	service	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
however for the portion you get it in pretty expensive .	portion	negative
good food .	food	positive
the chips and salsa is great and the tacos are delicious .	chips	positive
the chips and salsa is great and the tacos are delicious .	tacos	positive
a must for craft beer lovers .	craft beer	positive
the food was terrible .	food	negative
all the workers are super nice & they did a great job .	workers	positive
every dish we tried was delicious .	dish	positive
very educational and the tours are small in size .	tours	negative
molly maids is pretty hit or miss for a cleaning service .	molly maids	positive
molly maids is pretty hit or miss for a cleaning service .	cleaning service	negative
the next day , we tried the ihop on apache again .	ihop on apache	positive
manager was there but did n't seem to care .	manager	negative
its great for families though .	families	positive
the fries were really good !	fries	positive
the only thing marquee has going for it is size .	marquee	positive
the only thing marquee has going for it is size .	size	positive
the food is top notch .	food	positive
very pleased with the overall professionalism , cleanliness and service provided !	service	positive
heather and our captain were just as wonderful .	captain	positive
i have been to this fantastic place numerous times for breakfast .	place	positive
i have been to this fantastic place numerous times for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
everything i 've tried here is very delicious , i love this place .	place	positive
quality beef , knowledgeable staff , great prices !	beef	positive
quality beef , knowledgeable staff , great prices !	staff	positive
quality beef , knowledgeable staff , great prices !	prices	positive
they sold me an absolute lemon .	lemon	positive
this is my go to neighborhood place .	place	positive
dinner portions are only for _num_ or _num_ people .	dinner portions	positive
the pizza taste great too !	pizza	positive
the first time my husband went the haircut was not that great .	haircut	negative
the salon is clean and friendly .	salon	positive
the patio is very fun .	patio	positive
she tried to upsell me grilled onions !	grilled onions	negative
the salon also has like a good welcoming atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the sauce was super watery and tasted bad as well .	sauce	negative
food is high quality and tasty .	food	positive
i like the concept of pita jungle , i have just had better .	concept	positive
i like the concept of pita jungle , i have just had better .	pita jungle	positive
great place for a large group or a small intimate dinner .	dinner	positive
i would n't recommend this place .	place	negative
so glad to be back in la for yummy japanese food again !	japanese food	positive
and the continental breakfast is pretty decent too .	continental breakfast	positive
they sure know how to shit on their customers .	customers	negative
which went amazing with my dress !	dress	positive
the sauce was glazed over as if they were sitting out for an hour .	sauce	negative
great price at $ _num_ and plenty of food for me .	price	positive
great price at $ _num_ and plenty of food for me .	food	positive
the food was not good and not worth the price .	food	negative
the food was not good and not worth the price .	price	negative
large pie with meatball and basil !	pie with meatball and basil	positive
service is super fast and you wo n't find a much better price !	service	positive
service is super fast and you wo n't find a much better price !	price	negative
this business is outstanding in the `` customer service '' category !	customer service	positive
waited _num_ minutes for my food .	food	negative
two weeks before they where out of pizza dough at _num_ pm .	pizza dough	negative
the food came out on their very hot plates and the wine was great .	food	positive
the food came out on their very hot plates and the wine was great .	plates	positive
the food came out on their very hot plates and the wine was great .	wine	positive
a great shop !	shop	positive
this is a hidden gem in scottsdale , the views are breathtaking .	views	positive
papa john 's is my favorite .	papa	positive
dreadful food ( have not tried their pizza ) .	food	negative
dreadful food ( have not tried their pizza ) .	pizza	negative
shrimp tacos !	shrimp tacos	positive
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .	place	negative
make sure you make a reservation !	reservation	positive
lauren is the best !	lauren	positive
the pizza is delicious and the owner is very nice .	pizza	positive
the pizza is delicious and the owner is very nice .	owner	positive
the breakfast i had sucked tho .	breakfast	negative
rosa was no help .	rosa	negative
john our waiter was very helpful and had perfect timing .	waiter	positive
no cleaning what so ever !	cleaning	negative
this is the best place in the valley for nails .	place	positive
i 've had supermarket bakery donuts that are much better and cheaper .	bakery donuts	positive
this place is the best date spot to go to .	date spot	positive
no wonder as the food is great and razz makes you feel most welcome .	food	positive
poor food quality is common .	food quality	negative
great selection .	selection	positive
delicious fish tacos !	fish tacos	positive
good people .	people	positive
great place for some fantastic pizza , great service and not so loud atmosphere .	pizza	positive
great place for some fantastic pizza , great service and not so loud atmosphere .	service	positive
great place for some fantastic pizza , great service and not so loud atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
stopped in to buy a couple bags of ice .	bags of ice	positive
green salsa and enchiladas monterey are amazing !	green salsa	positive
green salsa and enchiladas monterey are amazing !	enchiladas monterey	positive
chicken wings were microwaved with slimy skin and rubbery meat .	chicken wings	negative
chicken wings were microwaved with slimy skin and rubbery meat .	meat	negative
this is definitely one of the better fast food mexican restaurants .	fast food mexican	positive
the most incompetent financial aid staff i have ever came across .	financial	negative
the most incompetent financial aid staff i have ever came across .	staff	negative
we loved all the sides , and the oreo ice cream sandwiches were fantastic .	sides	positive
we loved all the sides , and the oreo ice cream sandwiches were fantastic .	oreo ice cream sandwiches	positive
the first thing i noticed was the weird smell from the parking lot .	smell	negative
the theatre has not been added onto .	theatre	negative
our meeting was a small group , so this place was perfect .	place	positive
food was excellent and our server was very attentive .	food	positive
food was excellent and our server was very attentive .	server	positive
this place has been open for _num_ years with the same owner , wtf !	owner	positive
clean car , good price , good service !	price	positive
clean car , good price , good service !	service	positive
the food was ok , but nothing special .	food	negative
the coffee is terrible .	coffee	negative
hidden gem , tucked behind applebee 's , outstanding food , atmosphere and service .	food	positive
hidden gem , tucked behind applebee 's , outstanding food , atmosphere and service .	atmosphere	positive
hidden gem , tucked behind applebee 's , outstanding food , atmosphere and service .	service	positive
highly recommend this little cruise !	cruise	positive
what a treat !	treat	positive
my son always requests it on pizza night !	pizza	positive
i always was , until they added this bar .	bar	negative
this is the worst little caesars i 've been to .	caesars	negative
regardless we will keep coming back to cowboy ciao .	cowboy ciao	positive
the flan was the best flan i ever had !	flan	positive
the flan was the best flan i ever had !	flan	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
wonderful stylist .	stylist	positive
love the biscuits and gravy and the waffles are to die for .	biscuits and gravy	positive
love the biscuits and gravy and the waffles are to die for .	waffles	positive
the service was great .	service	positive
very flavorful , delicious food .	food	positive
not much to recommend it other than convenient location .	location	negative
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	enchilada sauce	positive
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	dish	positive
love this office and the staff !	office	positive
love this office and the staff !	staff	positive
i really enjoy el sol .	el	positive
produce is fresh and the variety is great .	produce	positive
produce is fresh and the variety is great .	variety	positive
enchiladas were good.	enchiladas	positive
another year at hospitality suites and another happy stay .	hospitality suites	positive
another year at hospitality suites and another happy stay .	stay	positive
they discounted service , but i was still unsatisfied .	service	negative
ordered fries for the baby , and they had an strange oil taste .	fries	negative
ordered fries for the baby , and they had an strange oil taste .	oil taste	negative
super slow service for _num_ o'clock at night .	service	negative
i had half a dozen oysters and the new england clam chowder .	oysters	positive
i had half a dozen oysters and the new england clam chowder .	new england clam chowder	positive
perfect for an after work happy hour or bar hopping .	bar	positive
my favorite gift shopping store !	gift shopping	positive
again , guac was gummy with a strange taste .	guac	negative
again , guac was gummy with a strange taste .	taste	negative
the orange chicken and the sesame chicken tasted the same .	orange chicken	positive
the orange chicken and the sesame chicken tasted the same .	sesame chicken	positive
the staff are excellent and ensure all your pets needs are catered for .	staff	positive
the staff are excellent and ensure all your pets needs are catered for .	pets	positive
jon was skilled and efficient .	jon	positive
anyway , the bill was higher than i expected but that was fine .	bill	negative
amazing service !	service	positive
the service was amazing and very friendly .	service	positive
this place is soooo overrated , crowded and the music is not memorable .	place	negative
this place is soooo overrated , crowded and the music is not memorable .	music	negative
it was beyond dirty with zero atmosphere .	atmosphere	negative
great deli !	deli	positive
it 's very small inside , the atmosphere is rather boring and bland .	atmosphere	negative
they were very helpful and offered to match any price from fry 's .	price	positive
very small and quaint atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
plus the fuel points system is amazing .	fuel points system	positive
nice decor , comfortable , a great ambiance .	decor	positive
nice decor , comfortable , a great ambiance .	ambiance	positive
the escargot was chewy in a butter sauce with just a hint of garlic .	escargot	negative
the escargot was chewy in a butter sauce with just a hint of garlic .	butter sauce	negative
the escargot was chewy in a butter sauce with just a hint of garlic .	garlic	negative
seems like the workers love their job as well .	workers	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the service was excellent as was the atmosphere .	service	positive
the service was excellent as was the atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
papago really is a great place .	papago	positive
papago really is a great place .	place	positive
guess he did n't think i could come up with the paperwork .	paperwork	negative
the wine list was the best part .	wine list	positive
owners work hard and have done a great job .	owners	positive
they have a great salad bar as well .	salad bar	positive
this is a quaint little pub with great atmosphere .	pub	positive
this is a quaint little pub with great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
nothing to burn sage in , and the stones were on the pricey side .	sage	negative
nothing to burn sage in , and the stones were on the pricey side .	stones	negative
this place is so great .	place	positive
there is always a wait but they are very friendly about it .	wait	negative
the steaks are amazingly prepared and the sides are served family style .	steaks	positive
the steaks are amazingly prepared and the sides are served family style .	sides	positive
the steaks are amazingly prepared and the sides are served family style .	served	positive
that garbage at least has better consistency and taste .	garbage	negative
that garbage at least has better consistency and taste .	taste	negative
shannon was the best waitress ever !	waitress	positive
bad business practices .	business practices	negative
for an appetizer i would recommend the humus - it was amazing !	appetizer	positive
for an appetizer i would recommend the humus - it was amazing !	humus	positive
great service , fresh and delicious seafood .	service	positive
great service , fresh and delicious seafood .	seafood	positive
i checked my account and saw the _num_ on my card .	account	negative
but my other friend 's wine just didnt arrive .	wine	negative
and even dropped me off at my house with their sweet shuttle ride !	shuttle ride	positive
great food great service !	food	positive
great food great service !	service	positive
went after a dinner it 's cool vibe wine bar with a dj .	vibe wine bar	positive
superior product and excellent service .	product	positive
superior product and excellent service .	service	positive
keep up the great work !	work	positive
i absolutely love this place !	place	positive
great breakfast burritos !	breakfast burritos	positive
best donuts i 've ever had .	donuts	positive
this is not the kind of chinese food that i 'm used to .	chinese food	negative
open for lunch this small bright and airy bakery was crowded to the max .	bakery	positive
best suggestion ever !	suggestion	positive
fantastic service .	service	positive
btw , their import beer selection is very decent as well .	import beer selection	positive
nice waitress , dj was ok .	waitress	positive
nice waitress , dj was ok .	dj	positive
smart diagnosis .	diagnosis	positive
their filet mignon is fantastic .	filet mignon	positive
horrible service !	service	negative
i wound up coming back the next day and purchased the first dress !	dress	positive
the river was not to crowded and the water was beautiful .	river	positive
the river was not to crowded and the water was beautiful .	water	positive
great food !	food	positive
boston market is the best quick homestyle meal thing you can get .	homestyle meal	positive
the fresh lunch options are amazing .	fresh lunch options	positive
small place , great for a beer .	place	negative
small place , great for a beer .	beer	positive
we will not be ordering from pita jungle again .	pita jungle	negative
the regular pizza is great but the sicilian is divine .	regular pizza	positive
the regular pizza is great but the sicilian is divine .	sicilian	positive
the staff was really friendly and attentive .	staff	positive
the prices are right too .	prices	positive
its overall a great place !	place	positive
incredible food and service !	food	positive
incredible food and service !	service	positive
room _num_ : i am relocated tom room _num_ .	tom room _num_	positive
we both were so disappointed with our meals we sent them back .	meals	negative
someone ordered a party pack for our office and it was just wonderful !	party pack	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
like it spicy , this is the place for you .	place	positive
rude office staff !	office staff	negative
pizza was pretty good .	pizza	positive
salad with the mix was amazing too .	salad with the mix	positive
i am disgusted with these guys .	guys	negative
i ordered it with mashed potatoes which were also delicious .	mashed potatoes	positive
rosa 's is my new go-to mexican spot in town .	spot	positive
great food , great music , and great atmosphere .	food	positive
great food , great music , and great atmosphere .	music	positive
great food , great music , and great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
food was terrible , not to mention overpriced .	food	negative
good beer , good pizza .	beer	positive
good beer , good pizza .	pizza	positive
great taco bell .	taco bell	positive
this place is nice , the staff is excellent and good .	place	positive
this place is nice , the staff is excellent and good .	staff	positive
the service is outstanding , and the food is good .	service	positive
the service is outstanding , and the food is good .	food	positive
a very impressive venue to watch a live performance .	venue	positive
* fantastic food !	food	positive
the ambiance is really nice too .	ambiance	positive
even though the food is great .	food	positive
so it 's busy and loud with all the traffic .	traffic	negative
that too was salty .	salty	negative
would highly recommend this place .	place	positive
the vegetables on the side are n't worth mentioning .	vegetables	negative
first , the prices are low and pieces are huge .	prices	negative
first , the prices are low and pieces are huge .	pieces	positive
incredible service & food !	service	positive
incredible service & food !	food	positive
this place was very interesting .	place	positive
but still no wine !	wine	negative
the pizza was very reminiscent of the midwest and made me think of home .	pizza	positive
the facility is large , bright and very well taken care of .	facility	positive
being a busy professional my vacation time is extremely valuable and limited .	vacation time	negative
the next day i got my dress back and it was perfect !	dress	positive
they do n't even offer real japanese wasabi .	japanese wasabi	negative
this place was just really meh .	place	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
overall a good meal .	meal	positive
they ended up charging me $ _num_ for a complete package .	package	negative
someone else ordered the machaca and seemed to enjoy it .	machaca	positive
never coming back or recommending first class auto to anyone that i know .	first class auto	negative
i 'll be ordering again , very happy .	ordering	positive
the overall atmosphere was relaxed and very welcoming .	atmosphere	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
i did n't have a good experience at oreganos .	oreganos	negative
my experience with scottsdale veterinary hospital is outstanding .	scottsdale veterinary hospital	positive
the staff is very polite and friendly .	staff	positive
this is a good place for getting a hair cut .	hair cut	positive
the staff is friendly and efficient ; the drive through is very handy .	staff	positive
good prices .	prices	positive
this has been a great place for me .	place	positive
what a hidden treasure .	treasure	positive
do not sign a lease with these people .	lease	negative
the ribs and twice baked potato are amazing .	ribs	positive
the ribs and twice baked potato are amazing .	baked potato	positive
the sandwiches were absolutely awful .	sandwiches	negative
wonderful atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
ran across this amazingly delicious establishment during our wine tour .	establishment	positive
ran across this amazingly delicious establishment during our wine tour .	wine	positive
beautiful setting and service .	setting	positive
beautiful setting and service .	service	positive
but you pay for the quality .	quality	negative
i do not recommend anyone going to this place !	place	negative
our friends brought us here for dinner and it was such a treat !	dinner	positive
the patio scene was even lame .	patio scene	negative
thank you for the free hair cut .	hair cut	positive
good drinks .	drinks	positive
this location is run worse than the va .	location	negative
this location is run worse than the va .	va	negative
this place is ridiculous .	place	negative
more garbage .	garbage	negative
a haven for craft brew lovers .	craft brew	positive
no lemon , no beer .	lemon , no beer	negative
whoever they hired to do the remodel was awful .	remodel	negative
the garlic knots we ordered were terrible and had no taste .	garlic knots	negative
staff is rude .	staff	negative
this place is outstanding .	place	positive
the pasta is my favorite along with the pasta salad .	pasta	positive
the pasta is my favorite along with the pasta salad .	pasta salad	positive
the share for two can easily feed four !	share for	positive
our reservation apparently happened just moments after the asu football team showed up .	reservation	negative
absolutely love this place .	place	positive
food is expensive for the lack of quality .	food	negative
food is expensive for the lack of quality .	quality	negative
another _num_ minutes pass food finally arrives .	food	positive
we had excellent service and natalie was our server .	service	positive
we had excellent service and natalie was our server .	server	positive
this place makes me hate mexican food .	place	negative
this place makes me hate mexican food .	mexican food	negative
we 're stuck with evening training sessions for the time being .	training sessions	negative
defalco 's is always consistent .	defalco	positive
up the awesome customer service !	customer service	positive
tried a few other rolls as well with my table and some specialty cocktails .	rolls	positive
tried a few other rolls as well with my table and some specialty cocktails .	table	positive
tried a few other rolls as well with my table and some specialty cocktails .	specialty cocktails	positive
food is delicious .	food	positive
the food is phenomenal .	food	positive
the cornbread is fantastic !	cornbread	positive
the salsa was canned and the chips were bagged .	salsa	negative
the salsa was canned and the chips were bagged .	chips	negative
i 'm proud of what the shop has become and is still becoming .	shop	positive
the grounds are actually very clean , i was surprised .	grounds	positive
it 's seedy with ample space .	space	positive
food was fantastic and everyone in our group of _num_ was satisfied .	food	positive
i want to like this place but i just do n't .	place	negative
the ugly : ugh , their service !	service	negative
beautiful location and the staff was incredible .	location	positive
beautiful location and the staff was incredible .	staff	positive
love the service leslie gave !	service	positive
wow this location get super busy during lunch time !	location	negative
wow this location get super busy during lunch time !	lunch	negative
great furniture and interior design .	furniture	positive
great furniture and interior design .	interior design	positive
great atmosphere , great design and decor , great crowd , and great employees .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere , great design and decor , great crowd , and great employees .	design	positive
great atmosphere , great design and decor , great crowd , and great employees .	decor	positive
great atmosphere , great design and decor , great crowd , and great employees .	crowd	positive
great atmosphere , great design and decor , great crowd , and great employees .	employees	positive
i 'm with caesar , avoid this place like the plague .	place	negative
there is a bed that 's not even hidden from view .	bed	positive
thanks top dog !	top dog	positive
likely wo n't come back to this location .	location	negative
can not believe rudeness of some but not all staff .	staff	negative
i recommend the honey garlic chicken and the spicy bean curd .	honey garlic chicken	positive
i recommend the honey garlic chicken and the spicy bean curd .	spicy bean curd	positive
i 've tried many of their dishes and all have been fantastic !	dishes	positive
i visited sugar bowl with my parents recently .	sugar bowl	positive
i had lamb kabob and was very pleased .	lamb kabob	positive
love everything about this place !	place	positive
jim is friendly and manages the bar as well as the tables .	bar	positive
jim is friendly and manages the bar as well as the tables .	tables	positive
the service is top notch .	service	positive
it was brought up to the waitress and she did not handle it well .	waitress	negative
grimaldi 's was an excellent experience .	grimaldi	positive
good service .	service	positive
prices are great and affordable .	prices	positive
worst of all , this place should be called the dirty baba .	place	negative
worst of all , this place should be called the dirty baba .	baba	negative
had a super delicious shredded beef burrito and rolled tacos .	shredded beef burrito	positive
had a super delicious shredded beef burrito and rolled tacos .	rolled tacos	positive
it also had the perfect mix of family , joy and happiness .	family	positive
great atmosphere and superb outdoor dining .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and superb outdoor dining .	outdoor dining	positive
the service here is above a vast majority of restaurants in the area .	service	positive
grand opening was fantastic .	opening	positive
the new owners doug and joyce have done a great job updating the bar .	owners	positive
the new owners doug and joyce have done a great job updating the bar .	bar	positive
shannon is still amazing !	shannon	positive
i definitely recommend these guys !	guys	positive
the quinoa was a perfect accompaniment to the dish .	quinoa	positive
the quinoa was a perfect accompaniment to the dish .	dish	positive
bartenders put on a great show every night on the bar .	bartenders	positive
bartenders put on a great show every night on the bar .	bar	positive
you should definitely call ahead with this place .	place	negative
this is a nice casual restaurant serving good food .	food	positive
robin his assistant is the best .	assistant	positive
the quality is just not worth the price of the pizza any more .	quality	negative
the quality is just not worth the price of the pizza any more .	price	negative
the quality is just not worth the price of the pizza any more .	pizza	negative
and he was immediately apologetic and comped my service .	service	negative
both dogs seemed happy and stress free when we arrived to pick them up .	dogs	positive
i love this place , the service is always great !	place	positive
i love this place , the service is always great !	service	positive
big beers make me happy .	beers	positive
staff was very friendly .	staff	positive
this is a gem here in mesa .	mesa	positive
the salads are equally as good .	salads	positive
love this place !	place	positive
however , apparently this is their m o .	m	negative
manicure and pedicure , she will do them both with excellent results !	manicure	positive
manicure and pedicure , she will do them both with excellent results !	pedicure	positive
i ordered the danny 's special , so there were both wings and fries .	danny 's special	positive
i ordered the danny 's special , so there were both wings and fries .	wings	positive
i ordered the danny 's special , so there were both wings and fries .	fries	positive
fun place to come drink and socialize in the evening .	place	positive
fun place to come drink and socialize in the evening .	drink	positive
good food , coffee and service .	food	positive
good food , coffee and service .	coffee	positive
good food , coffee and service .	service	positive
also , the gift shop is a must see before a performance .	gift shop	positive
excellent margaritas & wine list .	margaritas & wine list	positive
friendly staff , and always served according to starbucks standards .	staff	positive
did i mention all the moldy pitas in the bread section ?	bread section	negative
anyway , these guys here are phenomenal : ) i left extremely satisfied .	guys	positive
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	spots	positive
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	staff	positive
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	location	positive
by the way , the price of this shoddy work ?	price	negative
one of the worst dining experiences we have ever had .	dining experiences	negative
the tree branch was broken for about a week .	tree branch	negative
nice hotel , better than i expected for the price .	hotel	positive
nice hotel , better than i expected for the price .	price	positive
it was the most fishy and rough piece of fish i 've ever tasted .	fish	negative
we had the wonderful bread pudding for dessert , a lovely evening .	bread pudding	positive
we had the wonderful bread pudding for dessert , a lovely evening .	dessert	positive
horrible horrible place .	place	negative
food is mediocre .	food	negative
now that is good customer service .	customer service	positive
a lot of food , good flavor .	food	positive
a lot of food , good flavor .	flavor	positive
do not go to this place .	place	negative
hands down one of the best desserts i 've ever had !	desserts	positive
i had the veggie enchiladas , they were fantastic .	veggie enchiladas	positive
the old lady at the checkout is extremely rude !	checkout	negative
would try to fix shoes myself before ever returning to your shop !	shoes	negative
others seem to love this place , unfortunately my experience was n't the same .	place	negative
how can you mess up a greek salad too ?	greek salad	negative
this place had great food , great ambiance and fantastic service .	food	positive
this place had great food , great ambiance and fantastic service .	ambiance	positive
this place had great food , great ambiance and fantastic service .	service	positive
what a special place .	place	positive
how can you mess up eggs ?	eggs	positive
this place has done more for myself and my family than i can imagine !	place	positive
we got mongolian beef , sesame chicken and beef chow mein .	mongolian beef	positive
we got mongolian beef , sesame chicken and beef chow mein .	sesame chicken	positive
we got mongolian beef , sesame chicken and beef chow mein .	beef chow mein	positive
from start to finish , the service and experience were excellent .	service	positive
customer service is poor .	customer service	negative
food was excellent .	food	positive
your dog will thank you !	dog	positive
all of this was supposed to be installed at my 8am appt today .	appt	positive
i guess it just make their life easier for scheduling .	scheduling	negative
news flash : new asian and mexican vegetables - onion and bell pepper .	new asian	positive
news flash : new asian and mexican vegetables - onion and bell pepper .	mexican vegetables - onion	positive
news flash : new asian and mexican vegetables - onion and bell pepper .	bell pepper	positive
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .	short rib hash	negative
the chicken dishes are particularly amazing .	chicken dishes	positive
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	place	negative
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	service	positive
great patio .	patio	positive
do not come here if u actually drink anything other than beer .	beer	negative
i loved the old school ice cream parlor look .	ice cream parlor	positive
consistent and good tasting pizza !	pizza	positive
the employees treat me like family !	employees	positive
perfect for tourists or just a romantic weekend getaway .	tourists	positive
our server , cooper , was top notch .	server	positive
we ordered ice cream , milk shakes , and an amazing sundae .	ice cream	positive
we ordered ice cream , milk shakes , and an amazing sundae .	milk shakes	positive
we ordered ice cream , milk shakes , and an amazing sundae .	sundae	positive
great ambiance and good service .	ambiance	positive
great ambiance and good service .	service	positive
the breakfast menu is excellent .	breakfast menu	positive
horrible customer service , out of bread , out of meat .	customer service	negative
horrible customer service , out of bread , out of meat .	bread	negative
horrible customer service , out of bread , out of meat .	meat	negative
yum , i love this place .	place	positive
it 's absolutely beautiful , all brand new , never used appliances .	appliances	positive
the staff is terrific , especially jess , and the food is tasty !	staff	positive
the staff is terrific , especially jess , and the food is tasty !	food	positive
great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
no thanks , just a king room .	king room	negative
price , service , and convenience all met my expectations .	price	positive
price , service , and convenience all met my expectations .	service	positive
personally we did n't try any of the food because we had eaten earlier .	food	negative
food was great and gina was awesome !	food	positive
i love the venue !	venue	positive
really good family owned pizza shop .	pizza shop	positive
wonderful art museum !	art	positive
the white chicken alfredo pizza is the best .	white chicken alfredo pizza	positive
great cleaners .	cleaners	positive
if out on mill , i 'll stick to rula bula .	rula bula	positive
a++ on the kindness and the food .	food	positive
the girls were incredibly fake and just looking to make a sale .	girls	negative
perfect from walking into the store all the way to walking out with me !	store	positive
great staff and service at this vet !	staff	positive
great staff and service at this vet !	service	positive
plus they charge over $ _num_ for debit and credit .	debit	negative
plus they charge over $ _num_ for debit and credit .	credit	negative
prices are very fair and service is great .	prices	positive
prices are very fair and service is great .	service	positive
the pizza is inventive , simple and delicious .	pizza	positive
it was thin and watered down tasting .	tasting	negative
it was an apple cobbler !	apple cobbler	positive
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	massage	negative
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	manicure	negative
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	pedicure	negative
i love this tire place !	tire place	positive
much too loud air conditioning units .	air conditioning units	negative
i ordered the huevos con masa , and it was very tasty .	huevos con masa	positive
do n't get it if you do n't like the taste of beer .	taste of beer	negative
waited more -- complained -- was offered a glass of wine .	glass of wine	negative
in the end he still would not honor the $ _num_ rate .	$	negative
the only time they acknowledged me was when i walked to the cash wrap .	cash wrap	positive
service as always was exceptional .	service	positive
nice place with great atmosphere .	place	positive
nice place with great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the meal was perfect and the service was out of this world friendly .	meal	positive
the meal was perfect and the service was out of this world friendly .	service	positive
good portions , with pasta dishes more than enough .	portions	positive
good portions , with pasta dishes more than enough .	pasta dishes	positive
staff is always friendly .	staff	positive
super authentic italian deli !	italian deli	positive
service is fast and staff are efficient .	service	positive
service is fast and staff are efficient .	staff	positive
service and seating was terrible at this location .	service	negative
service and seating was terrible at this location .	seating	negative
the stacked enchiladas are great and the margaritas are excellent too .	stacked enchiladas	positive
the stacked enchiladas are great and the margaritas are excellent too .	margaritas	positive
i ca n't review the food as we never had any .	food	negative
the staff is nice and the drinks are consistent .	staff	positive
the staff is nice and the drinks are consistent .	drinks	positive
save your money and go to the freezer section of your local grocery store .	freezer section	positive
the food was nothing to write home about .	food	negative
_num_ stars for the ambiance , _num_ stars for the waiter and service .	ambiance	positive
_num_ stars for the ambiance , _num_ stars for the waiter and service .	waiter	positive
_num_ stars for the ambiance , _num_ stars for the waiter and service .	service	positive
the food is the best italian food in scottsdale .	food	positive
the food is the best italian food in scottsdale .	italian food	positive
this location is still a favorite with the super high ceiling .	location	positive
this location is still a favorite with the super high ceiling .	ceiling	positive
the margarita was gross .	margarita	negative
the beans inside were barely warm .	beans inside	negative
modern and comfortable inside .	inside	positive
los olivos has obviously stopped trying .	los olivos	positive
the staff is always helpful and sweet .	staff	positive
recently moved and i still dream about a sandwich from there .	sandwich	negative
updating my review , as i had the real thing today .	review	positive
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	irish pub	negative
service was quite bad .	service	negative
i highly recommend this shop to anyone .	shop	positive
we ordered a side of cucumber yogurt which was perfect with the main course .	side of cucumber yogurt	positive
we ordered a side of cucumber yogurt which was perfect with the main course .	main course	positive
left message for owner , never heard from him .	owner	negative
everything else in the buffet was cold .	buffet	negative
terrible customer service !	customer service	negative
this is the best garage in all of scottsdale .	garage	positive
loved the enchiladas .	enchiladas	positive
well worth the trip and your money .	trip	positive
well worth the trip and your money .	money	positive
upset stomachs all night , it was pretty awful .	stomachs	negative
a great place !	place	positive
great food .	food	positive
then i bit into the shrimp taco , and you guessed it .	shrimp taco	positive
i 'm always so grateful to their staff for this .	staff	positive
i would recommend this place to anyone looking to get this service done .	service	positive
i highly recommend this place !	place	positive
staff was always pleasant and helpful .	staff	positive
top notch service , with honesty and integrity !	service	positive
worst apartment complex ever !	apartment complex	negative
such a nice guy .	guy	positive
_num_ ) the food was mushy and tasteless , like bad nursing home food .	food	negative
_num_ ) the food was mushy and tasteless , like bad nursing home food .	food	negative
oh i forgot , when they brought out the kabob .	kabob	negative
the sales and floor team are exceptional , both friendly and knowledgeable .	sales	positive
the sales and floor team are exceptional , both friendly and knowledgeable .	floor team	positive
scheduling was also seamless with clear instructions , etc .	scheduling	negative
scheduling was also seamless with clear instructions , etc .	instructions	negative
and , they brought a complimentary dessert for the birthday girl ... very cool !	dessert	positive
the calzones are ridiculously good .	calzones	positive
its a small place but totally worth it , especially for the price !	price	positive
too cheesy , too flavorless , etc .	cheesy	negative
my girlfriend found this place and it was awful !	place	negative
when you arrive at the venue , you will not be picking your seat .	venue	negative
when you arrive at the venue , you will not be picking your seat .	seat	negative
but if chain suits your fancy buca is pretty cool .	chain	positive
but if chain suits your fancy buca is pretty cool .	buca	positive
great visit , easy diagnosis and treatment .	visit	positive
great visit , easy diagnosis and treatment .	diagnosis	positive
great visit , easy diagnosis and treatment .	treatment	positive
i 've tried a number of things on the menu and loved each one .	menu	positive
good food for a fair price ; love the value .	food	positive
good food for a fair price ; love the value .	price	positive
good food for a fair price ; love the value .	value	positive
the pizzas are great too !	pizzas	positive
awesome breakfast !	breakfast	positive
service was a little off too .	service	negative
i ordered steak and eggs , my wife ordered beef brisket and eggs .	steak and	positive
i ordered steak and eggs , my wife ordered beef brisket and eggs .	beef brisket	positive
delicious food for really good price .	food	positive
delicious food for really good price .	price	positive
the woman that attempted to help me was rude .	woman	negative
every time i come i get the best cut at a great price .	cut	positive
every time i come i get the best cut at a great price .	price	positive
the service was terrible .	service	negative
this place offers pretty nearly every kind of pancake there is .	pancake	positive
one wonderful restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the service was really good .	service	positive
very disappointed with this course .	course	negative
what a talented chef .	chef	positive
bryan was among the best waiters ever .	waiters	positive
great food .	food	positive
it is a `` speak easy ' with the entrance located in the back .	entrance	negative
kudos to rick , well worth every penny !	kudos	positive
all five of us truly enjoyed our meals .	meals	positive
this is the worst italian food and restaurant i have ever eaten !	italian food	negative
this is the worst italian food and restaurant i have ever eaten !	restaurant	negative
great service , tasty steak .	service	positive
great service , tasty steak .	steak	positive
will i return to restaurant ?	restaurant	positive
excellent service and fantastic experience , highly recommended !	service	positive
we had terrible service .	service	negative
my food was good , especially the rice .	food	positive
my food was good , especially the rice .	rice	positive
_num_ - delivery took forever .	delivery	negative
staff very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
it 's a place .	place	positive
the wife and i liked this place .	place	positive
it also looks like they give you a free dessert for your birthday !	dessert	positive
first time at this library and i really liked it .	library	positive
very good food , nice atmosphere , efficient wait staff .	food	positive
very good food , nice atmosphere , efficient wait staff .	atmosphere	positive
very good food , nice atmosphere , efficient wait staff .	wait staff	positive
great job !	job	positive
once again the i got the outstanding treatment that keeps me coming back .	treatment	positive
so the burro was a disappointment , what about the chips and salsa ?	burro	negative
so the burro was a disappointment , what about the chips and salsa ?	chips	negative
so the burro was a disappointment , what about the chips and salsa ?	salsa	negative
pretty good house beers and a wide selection of other brews .	house beers	positive
service was excellent .	service	positive
thanks guys for the fast quality work !	quality work	positive
every time , he gets a delivery he is supposed to pay .	delivery	negative
_num_ week later they charged me $ _num_ for gas .	gas	negative
the owner came and introduced himself and was very friendly .	owner	positive
no taxes ?	taxes	negative
worst italian beef sandwich ever .	italian beef sandwich	negative
awesome italian food .	italian food	positive
no one made complaints on any of the sushi itself .	sushi	negative
the food is not bad but the people are very rude .	food	positive
the food is not bad but the people are very rude .	people	negative
the best new mexican food in the valley !	new mexican food	positive
it is a great place to work !	place	positive
it took _num_ minutes to get the waiter 's attention .	waiter	negative
shame on you ruth 's chris steak house , and your chef as well .	chef	negative
the food is very good both for adults and kids .	food	positive
it was a pretty chill place .	place	negative
shredded the crab way too much .	crab	negative
not as many mushrooms though .	mushrooms	negative
this is good pizza , not just good pizza for arizona standards !	pizza	positive
this is good pizza , not just good pizza for arizona standards !	pizza	positive
this nail salon is the one !	nail salon	positive
so if you want a great pizza give it a try .	pizza	positive
the marquee was all i expected it to be except for the sound .	marquee	negative
the marquee was all i expected it to be except for the sound .	sound	negative
the food is great and the pizza is so good !	food	positive
the food is great and the pizza is so good !	pizza	positive
very disappointed they ran out of average things in the menu .	menu	negative
thanks for the great service bob !	service	positive
mini chimis are absolutely delicious and frequent beer specials .	mini chimis	positive
mini chimis are absolutely delicious and frequent beer specials .	beer specials	positive
the food is _num_ % canned garbage .	food	negative
always top notch service and quick at that !	service	positive
they have a beer for everyone 's tastes and likes .	beer	positive
great wings as well .	wings	positive
this place is super yummy !	place	positive
they just want your money .	money	negative
$ _num_ off the next pie ok ?	pie	positive
the venue had my guests in awe of it 's beauty .	venue	negative
the servers and bar tenders are very friendly and helpful .	servers	positive
the servers and bar tenders are very friendly and helpful .	bar tenders	positive
service is always top notch !	service	positive
love the fresh squeezed juices and they make a mean cappuccino .	fresh squeezed juices	positive
love the fresh squeezed juices and they make a mean cappuccino .	cappuccino	positive
asparagus & sweet potatoes along side .	asparagus & sweet potatoes	positive
great service !	service	positive
i love sephora .	sephora	positive
they have good bar food .	bar food	positive
they also have great happy hour specials on other drinks as well .	happy hour specials	positive
they also have great happy hour specials on other drinks as well .	drinks	positive
we tried three different salads and they were all good .	salads	positive
staff was not friendly .	staff	negative
the service at the bar and from the waiter , was great .	service	positive
the service at the bar and from the waiter , was great .	bar	positive
the service at the bar and from the waiter , was great .	waiter	positive
the golf course is really nice and fairly priced .	golf course	positive
the golf course is really nice and fairly priced .	priced	positive
the food is good , the drinks are reasonable , and the bands rock !	food	positive
the food is good , the drinks are reasonable , and the bands rock !	drinks	positive
the food is good , the drinks are reasonable , and the bands rock !	bands	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
the food has amazing flavor and the portion size is very generous .	food	positive
the food has amazing flavor and the portion size is very generous .	portion size	positive
luckily this place accommodated quickly and did a fantastic job .	place	positive
all employees are very kind and helpful .	employees	positive
drinks and water served at 8:00 .	drinks	positive
drinks and water served at 8:00 .	water served	positive
i will not be back to this location !	location	negative
the gal at the counter did n't know what to do with it .	gal	negative
they do the best gels ever !	gels	positive
the art is wonderful and the prices are really affordable .	art	positive
the art is wonderful and the prices are really affordable .	prices	positive
try the bianco pizza it 's soooo tasty !	bianco pizza	positive
i wish i had bread so we could eat the sauce .	bread	positive
i wish i had bread so we could eat the sauce .	sauce	positive
vegetable korma is the best i 've had in phoenix .	vegetable korma	positive
bring a friend and grab a spoon !	spoon	positive
i ordered spaghetti with meat sauce and coke .	spaghetti with meat sauce	positive
one of the worst car buying experiences i 've ever had , awful service .	car	negative
one of the worst car buying experiences i 've ever had , awful service .	service	negative
these guys are awesome !	guys	positive
i 'll go out and spend $ _num_ on dinner for myself .	dinner	positive
the teachers are very informative and patient .	teachers	positive
called ahead to ensure he could get in with me , manager approved .	manager	positive
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .	bartender	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
there is pretty much always a wait on the weekends .	wait	negative
this is a wonderful well cared for , small bookstore .	bookstore	positive
then a separate ( additional ) $ _num_ to get into the beer garden .	beer garden	positive
good , honest work at a fair price .	price	positive
the chimichanga might be the best i have ever had !	chimichanga	positive
some dishes even come with the sopapillas for desert .	dishes	negative
some dishes even come with the sopapillas for desert .	sopapillas for desert	positive
a great seafood restaurant located in an actual cellar .	seafood restaurant	positive
a great seafood restaurant located in an actual cellar .	cellar	positive
i ordered the mexican chocolate latte and it was okay .	mexican chocolate latte	positive
horrific service .	service	negative
if we were to get this server again , i 'd ask to move .	server	negative
beware that they have a tiny little parking lot that fills up quickly .	parking lot	negative
there are only so many places you can get great delivery food in scottsdale .	delivery food	positive
my wife 's moo shu pork was very good also .	moo shu pork	positive
awesome attentive service .	service	positive
it is all good comfort food .	comfort food	positive
excellent service and they are now my go to for hvac .	service	positive
mediocre mexican food !	mexican food	negative
great service , great food !	service	positive
great service , great food !	food	positive
bought it and some gum and hit the door .	gum	positive
the pool is fantastic .	pool	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
i called security and they came to take my report and search the room .	security	negative
i called security and they came to take my report and search the room .	room	negative
so , ended up going to a place called scramble .	place	negative
i have never been a server so i really would not know .	server	negative
my crab cakes were firm and nicely seasoned .	crab cakes	positive
finally i found somebody who knew how to do my hair !	hair	positive
most horrible used car buying experience of my life .	used car	negative
had a great time at coach house for the holiday yelp event !	coach	positive
had a great time at coach house for the holiday yelp event !	holiday yelp event	positive
the food is superb , service is good and atmosphere is cozy .	food	positive
the food is superb , service is good and atmosphere is cozy .	service	positive
the food is superb , service is good and atmosphere is cozy .	atmosphere	positive
solid mechanics , affordable , clean , and best of all great customer care .	customer care	positive
the dish describes veggies in the pasta , but little was seen .	dish	negative
the dish describes veggies in the pasta , but little was seen .	veggies	negative
the dish describes veggies in the pasta , but little was seen .	pasta	negative
fresh cookies and pleasant owners make it above average !	cookies	positive
fresh cookies and pleasant owners make it above average !	owners	positive
i believe i have had a better meal at an airport .	meal	positive
clearly he pissed off more than one customer that day and got us confused .	customer	negative
our server was not friendly in the least and even blatantly avoided our table .	server	negative
our server was not friendly in the least and even blatantly avoided our table .	table	negative
i adore this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
anyway , i have been twice for a dinner and it has been sub-par .	dinner	negative
the food is amazing !	food	positive
the office staff is wonderful as well .	office staff	positive
the food and service were top notch .	food	positive
the food and service were top notch .	service	positive
then she had no idea where these plants were .	plants	negative
worst customer service .	customer service	negative
very nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
green flannel is incredible and so is the jalapeno pecan pancakes .	green flannel	positive
green flannel is incredible and so is the jalapeno pecan pancakes .	jalapeno pecan pancakes	positive
we were eating bbq , you must have napkins with bbq .	bbq	positive
we were eating bbq , you must have napkins with bbq .	napkins with bbq	positive
the fries were cold and the service was very mediocre !	fries	negative
the fries were cold and the service was very mediocre !	service	negative
one of favorite places to go !	places	positive
the pizza is horrible .	pizza	negative
the bread was soft and the sandwich was n't too bad .	bread	positive
the bread was soft and the sandwich was n't too bad .	sandwich	positive
the customer service is great .	customer service	positive
amazing food never disappoint !	food	positive
awesome awesome shop .	shop	positive
i think this wins for best pizza crust !	pizza crust	positive
good , honest shop ; i 'll be back in the future .	shop	positive
we sit at the sushi bar and the service is always fast .	sushi bar	positive
we sit at the sushi bar and the service is always fast .	service	positive
the worst pizza we 've ever eaten .	pizza	negative
great place !	place	positive
oh , and the food gave my friend the terrible runs .	food	negative
our ac and tub both clogged yesterday right after their office closed .	ac	negative
our ac and tub both clogged yesterday right after their office closed .	tub	negative
our ac and tub both clogged yesterday right after their office closed .	office	negative
their donuts are high quality made and the services are fast .	donuts	positive
their donuts are high quality made and the services are fast .	services	positive
amazing place !	place	positive
after shooting with it for one day the camera i was trying out broke .	camera	negative
used the drive-thru so i ca n't comment on the cleanliness .	drive-thru	positive
used the drive-thru so i ca n't comment on the cleanliness .	cleanliness	negative
great chicken better than lolo 's .	chicken	positive
rude waitresses , slow service , unprofessional and dirty .	waitresses	negative
rude waitresses , slow service , unprofessional and dirty .	service	negative
we were n't expecting that and it was a wonderful personal touch !	personal	positive
blanket has holes in it and the sheets were yellow at the ends .	blanket	negative
blanket has holes in it and the sheets were yellow at the ends .	sheets	negative
excellent customer service !	customer service	positive
staff are always super friendly and attentive .	staff	positive
just got my third tattoo done here today .	tattoo	positive
found this place on yelp .	place	positive
the pour was strong and reasonably priced .	pour	positive
the pour was strong and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
that 's how they make most of their money .	money	positive
i also asked for a refill on my drink .	drink	positive
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .	bed bugs	negative
then we had a dish that was a assortment of _num_ stuffed pastas .	dish	positive
then we had a dish that was a assortment of _num_ stuffed pastas .	assortment of	positive
y'all already know what your girl , angela ordered .	girl	positive
the rice is the best anywhere around .	rice	positive
the couple left without getting their food .	food	negative
they have a big party room great for a sports team pizza party .	party room	positive
they have a big party room great for a sports team pizza party .	sports team pizza party	positive
meat was great .	meat	positive
service was reasonably good .	service	positive
perfect late night mexican food , though slightly overpriced .	mexican food	positive
no music and very boring .	music	negative
service is slow , even past 10pm .	service	negative
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	practice	negative
as always , the food , coffee , and mimosas are fantastic !	food	positive
as always , the food , coffee , and mimosas are fantastic !	coffee	positive
as always , the food , coffee , and mimosas are fantastic !	mimosas	positive
ugh what happened to this place ?	place	negative
this place is authentic and historic and the ambience is unbeatable .	place	positive
this place is authentic and historic and the ambience is unbeatable .	ambience	positive
overall , for our first time here , _num_ great dishes and drink choices !	dishes	positive
overall , for our first time here , _num_ great dishes and drink choices !	drink choices	positive
lovely atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
take the trash with you maybe ?	trash	negative
the owners are both extremely nice & i 'm addicted to the date shakes !	owners	positive
the owners are both extremely nice & i 'm addicted to the date shakes !	date shakes	positive
the last time i was in here was for allergy medicine .	allergy medicine	negative
the sauce for the steamed dumplings was way off .	sauce for the steamed dumplings	negative
my husband was charger $ _num_ for one slice of toast .	charger	positive
the owner would n't let me use the bathroom !	owner	negative
the owner would n't let me use the bathroom !	bathroom	negative
very romantic setting with one of the best views in the valley .	setting	positive
very romantic setting with one of the best views in the valley .	views	positive
delicious breakfast burrito !	breakfast burrito	positive
i ordered the breakfast grilled cheese and it was phenomenal !	breakfast grilled cheese	positive
no other vegetables , which i found odd .	vegetables	negative
poor customer service .	customer service	negative
food is spicy and always cooked just right .	food	positive
not under their warranty either ... do n't ask me how .	warranty	negative
warm ambiance .	ambiance	positive
i got the lean and green and substituted the feta for swiss !	lean	positive
i got the lean and green and substituted the feta for swiss !	feta	negative
i got the lean and green and substituted the feta for swiss !	swiss	negative
all that said , it was excellent thai food and we will be back !	thai food	positive
this place is a classic !	place	positive
the coffee is exceptional .	coffee	positive
just a fan of a quality business .	quality business	positive
staff is awesome , stephanie is the sweetest !	staff	positive
the hot and sour soup is great too !	hot	positive
tomato sauce + chicken broth does not = tomato soup !	tomato sauce	negative
tomato sauce + chicken broth does not = tomato soup !	chicken broth	negative
nice service .	service	positive
nobody came by to check to see if the food was ok .	food	negative
great breakfast !	breakfast	positive
great food and lovely service .	food	positive
great food and lovely service .	service	positive
but the service is awful .	service	negative
the store is always clean and the staff and owner are friendly .	store	positive
the store is always clean and the staff and owner are friendly .	staff	positive
the store is always clean and the staff and owner are friendly .	owner	positive
the most honest combined with lowest prices in town , across the valley .	prices	negative
the food here stinks !	food	negative
the food is delicious and savory each time .	food	positive
their baked goods are very good .	baked goods	positive
sweet place .	place	positive
you get a soup , appetizer , two entree and dessert .	soup , appetizer	positive
you get a soup , appetizer , two entree and dessert .	entree	positive
you get a soup , appetizer , two entree and dessert .	dessert	positive
i do n't even know if i want my beloved kiltlifter anymore .	kiltlifter	negative
the potatoes are cooked to a golden crisp that is perfect .	potatoes	positive
the bread they make is warm and fresh .	bread	positive
the staff is extremely rude and they often get the order wrong .	staff	negative
this venue is anything but helpful or positive .	venue	positive
my cab was n't even wiped down .	cab	negative
a supreme burger joint .	supreme burger joint	positive
did i mention that it was just _num_ of us dining ?	dining	positive
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
a pawn shop and chicken & waffles .	pawn shop	positive
a pawn shop and chicken & waffles .	chicken & waffles	positive
their chicken caesar pasta salad is the best !	chicken caesar pasta salad	positive
unfortunately , i ordered the lamb tongue and only had one bite .	lamb tongue	negative
staff is always friendly .	staff	positive
the food was pretty darn excellent .	food	positive
everything but the wave roll was delicious and the bill was about $ _num_ .	wave roll	positive
everything but the wave roll was delicious and the bill was about $ _num_ .	bill	positive
this place is perfection , amazing food and great atmosphere .	food	positive
this place is perfection , amazing food and great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
bartender was very friendly and poured us some nice drinks .	bartender	positive
bartender was very friendly and poured us some nice drinks .	drinks	positive
fantastic chiropractor .	chiropractor	positive
service provider chris gave me really good service .	service	positive
service provider chris gave me really good service .	service	positive
such a nostalgic feel from the vintage to the new such a treasure hunt !	feel	positive
such a nostalgic feel from the vintage to the new such a treasure hunt !	treasure	positive
soup and salad course were fine .	soup	positive
soup and salad course were fine .	salad course	positive
the biggest disappointment is the poor quality with this new ownership .	quality	negative
their chicken pita sandwich is also always amazing .	chicken pita sandwich	positive
service was quick , the drinks were good , and the food was delicious .	service	positive
service was quick , the drinks were good , and the food was delicious .	drinks	positive
service was quick , the drinks were good , and the food was delicious .	food	positive
every time i 've been here service has been amazing as well .	service	positive
hotel room was ok .	hotel room	negative
the service at this facility was above par .	service	positive
the service at this facility was above par .	facility	positive
our waitress was super funny and sweet as can be .	waitress	positive
ribeye steak was seasoned well and very tender .	ribeye steak	positive
by far the best chinese food that i 've had since moving here .	chinese food	positive
the beauty of his technique is that the new hem does not flip up .	hem	positive
the staff is very , very friendly .	staff	positive
i ordered chicken fried rice .	chicken fried rice	negative
ok so this place definitely deserves _num_ stars .	place	positive
pho tai is great .	pho tai	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the gyros are the best i 've ever had .	gyros	positive
the `` beer bread '' is basically a thick flour tortilla .	beer bread	positive
the `` beer bread '' is basically a thick flour tortilla .	flour tortilla	positive
very friendly ( and fast ) service .	service	positive
the food is amazing .	food	positive
he did n't go over some of the basics of weight training .	weight	negative
good experience my first time there .	experience	positive
it 's good but its not what i consider real sushi or quality sushi .	sushi	negative
it 's good but its not what i consider real sushi or quality sushi .	quality sushi	negative
the steamboat ride is more geared to adults than young children .	steamboat ride	positive
had to use a laundromat since my washing machine broke down .	laundromat	negative
had to use a laundromat since my washing machine broke down .	washing machine	negative
oh do i love this food !	food	positive
i ordered corned beef hash and eggs .	corned beef hash and eggs	positive
my boyfriend ordered a dip sandwich that was very blah looking .	dip sandwich	negative
best breakfast in town for quick & easy !	breakfast	positive
the saffron rice is terrific .	saffron rice	positive
seriously good pizza , and my favorite : beer !	pizza	positive
seriously good pizza , and my favorite : beer !	beer	positive
love this place !	place	positive
this place is good .	place	positive
cooked them and wow what a great burger .	burger	positive
they also could not give me a _num_ ' truck .	truck	negative
this is by far the worst panda express on this side of the country !	panda express	negative
the views were so pretty , and the food was really good .	views	positive
the views were so pretty , and the food was really good .	food	positive
sorry to be such a snob but truly this food was just okay .	food	positive
during the breakfast hour , i recommend the huevos rancheros .	huevos rancheros	positive
we will definitely return for some family fun .	family	positive
i hate jamba attitude .	jamba attitude	negative
the hostess was very welcoming and the service was excellent from start to finish .	hostess	positive
the hostess was very welcoming and the service was excellent from start to finish .	service	positive
i went with the deal one cause i love a good savings !	deal	positive
i went with the deal one cause i love a good savings !	savings	positive
they have the best return policy in town .	return policy	positive
a different atmosphere , love the decor .	atmosphere	positive
a different atmosphere , love the decor .	decor	positive
man the staff her is great .	staff	positive
customer service is friendly and efficient .	customer service	positive
i 'm dropping my membership and i will never go back .	membership	negative
food quality is very good .	food quality	positive
visited during restaurant week .	restaurant	positive
the meat lacked flavor and was incredibly bland .	meat	negative
the meat lacked flavor and was incredibly bland .	flavor	negative
this place sucks .	place	negative
i ca n't believe a place like this is in business .	place	positive
i will never step foot into this branch again .	branch	negative
ca n't tell you how great , fresh scratch made italian makes you feel .	scratch	positive
they have really good on the go style breakfast sandwiches .	go style breakfast sandwiches	positive
the selection of books is unique .	selection of books	positive
and the people are friendly.	people	positive
a bit more expensive than other places but friendly and great work .	work	positive
the furnishings and amenities are not quality .	furnishings	negative
the furnishings and amenities are not quality .	amenities	negative
no dice this time .	dice	negative
do not get chicken as a pizza topping , its breaded chicken .	chicken	negative
do not get chicken as a pizza topping , its breaded chicken .	pizza	negative
do not get chicken as a pizza topping , its breaded chicken .	breaded chicken	negative
very efficient service !	service	positive
they always have a couple specials that are mouth watering .	specials	positive
both the fillet and salmon had great flavor and we will be back .	fillet	positive
both the fillet and salmon had great flavor and we will be back .	salmon	positive
they would customize the cheeses - at a price .	cheeses	negative
they would customize the cheeses - at a price .	price	negative
hate that we wasted so much money there with our group .	money	negative
dressing rooms are very good sized with a comfy bench .	dressing rooms	positive
dressing rooms are very good sized with a comfy bench .	bench	positive
great food with a really unique atmosphere .	food	positive
great food with a really unique atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
they played awesome music too !	music	positive
they only had one technician working and took forever getting everyone 's prescriptions .	technician	negative
they only had one technician working and took forever getting everyone 's prescriptions .	prescriptions	negative
the coffee was also quite horrible , it tasted like dirty water .	coffee	negative
the store gets crowded but , be patient , it is worth the wait .	store	negative
the store gets crowded but , be patient , it is worth the wait .	wait	positive
she 's done my blonde forever and is super sweet !	blonde	positive
the wash itself is n't that good .	wash itself	negative
great place , wont go into much detail there .	place	positive
the desert calzone is the most amazing thing you 'll ever taste .	desert calzone	positive
had the wing lunch special which was good and the service was fast .	wing lunch special	positive
had the wing lunch special which was good and the service was fast .	service	positive
steaks and salmon are top quality and delicious .	steaks	positive
steaks and salmon are top quality and delicious .	salmon	positive
hot rice is disgusting !	hot rice	negative
both were excellent as was the selection of wines .	selection of wines	positive
the portions are generous so make sure your hungry !	portions	positive
this is sin for mexican .	sin	positive
this is sin for mexican .	mexican	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	wine	positive
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	food	positive
the red sauce has no flavor .	red sauce	negative
i would n't recommend living in this place .	place	negative
i got the baked pesto ziti with chicken .	baked pesto ziti with chicken	positive
it 's just not worth the money ... .	money	negative
the breakfast club seems to just take it all for granted .	breakfast club	positive
overall the customer service stinks .	customer service	negative
the service itself was quite nice , but the food was lacking .	service	positive
the service itself was quite nice , but the food was lacking .	food	negative
great place for hibachi and definitely worth a try for their sushi .	hibachi	positive
great place for hibachi and definitely worth a try for their sushi .	sushi	positive
we found this place because of groupon .	groupon	positive
ca n't make a cheese crisp with green chilies without it being soggy .	cheese crisp with green chilies	negative
yum yum yum !	yum	positive
i think the smell was bothering me and ruining my appetite .	smell	negative
mens suits has an amazing selection as well !	mens suits	positive
mens suits has an amazing selection as well !	selection	positive
rarely saw our waitress , especially when she was needed .	waitress	negative
the ham and cheese croissant was wonderful for lunch .	ham and cheese croissant	positive
the ham and cheese croissant was wonderful for lunch .	lunch	positive
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	front line	positive
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	petsmart	positive
when it was finally my turn to order the wait staff was charming .	wait staff	positive
great looking store !	store	positive
the food is essentially taco bell but more expensive .	food	negative
overall somehow the dish was bland .	dish	negative
the chicken pita is delicious , and the fries are amazing .	chicken pita	positive
the chicken pita is delicious , and the fries are amazing .	fries	positive
great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i ordered the chicken plate which was huge and delicious .	chicken plate	positive
luckily i work in healthcare and l was able to figure this out .	healthcare	positive
the best dessert i 've ever had .	dessert	positive
benny , the owner , is excellent .	owner	positive
she threw my coupon back at me and asked me to leave .	coupon	negative
and his mom made my bed .	bed	positive
an hour ago , i ordered online for pick-up .	pick-up	negative
i think the wallpaper goes back to that period and is downright dirty .	wallpaper	negative
great place for breakfast !	breakfast	positive
horrible service took well over an hour to get our food .	service	negative
horrible service took well over an hour to get our food .	food	negative
i really liked this place .	place	positive
there drinks are extra sweet too like mexican pop .	drinks	positive
there drinks are extra sweet too like mexican pop .	mexican pop	positive
their chicken pita is great too .	chicken pita	positive
great atmosphere and amazing food .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and amazing food .	food	positive
the gyro meat is delicious , the baklava homemade .	gyro meat	positive
the gyro meat is delicious , the baklava homemade .	baklava homemade	positive
everyone else loved their food as well .	food	positive
if you have a party of two , request a booth .	booth	positive
soups are excellent as are the ribs , eggrolls and other classics !	soups	positive
soups are excellent as are the ribs , eggrolls and other classics !	ribs	positive
soups are excellent as are the ribs , eggrolls and other classics !	eggrolls	positive
great breakfast choices , not to mention ; wonderfully delicious !	breakfast choices	positive
best wings in metro phx area .	wings in	positive
the atmosphere was great !	atmosphere	positive
he was friendly and was great at explaining my prescription .	prescription	positive
i ordered the grilled cheese breakfast sandwich which was absolutely amazing .	grilled cheese breakfast sandwich	positive
there was absolutely no room in their `` nail salon '' section .	nail	negative
there was absolutely no room in their `` nail salon '' section .	section	negative
my husband ordered a medium rare steak that came very rare .	steak	positive
the crust and sauce are great , everything is just right .	crust	positive
the crust and sauce are great , everything is just right .	sauce	positive
owner was most gracious .	owner	positive
my go-to middle of the night spot !	spot	positive
the owner is super friendly .	owner	positive
the atmosphere was very cozy and fun .	atmosphere	positive
scottsdale air saved the day !	air	positive
this place is not the cheap place to drink in scottsdale .	place	negative
this place is not the cheap place to drink in scottsdale .	drink	negative
they have bad service here !	service	negative
handed me the work order and tells me to fill this out .	work order	positive
service has always been very attentive and accurate .	service	positive
the service was also very good .	service	positive
try their honey medium spicy wings !	honey medium spicy wings	positive
the store is always clean , and well laid out .	store	positive
i thought the food was even good here to my surprise !	food	positive
hands down best food in the valley .	food	positive
food is very salty and overcooked .	food	negative
they have a great variety of dishes and pretty healthy too !	of dishes	positive
you will find nice clean antiques and collectibles .	antiques	positive
i had a gyro pita -- authentic , i know .	gyro pita	positive
what 's even more impressive is their dinner salad bar and sushi bar !	dinner salad bar	positive
what 's even more impressive is their dinner salad bar and sushi bar !	sushi bar	positive
was ignored by numerous staff .	staff	negative
but ac still not working properly .	ac	negative
best breakfast place i 've ever been to in all my life .	breakfast place	positive
by far the best cakes !	cakes	positive
appeared to have hand cut pepperoni and fresh mozzarella .	pepperoni	positive
appeared to have hand cut pepperoni and fresh mozzarella .	fresh mozzarella	positive
a shopping cart was missing after going through the carwash .	shopping cart	negative
the chip chop salads are the best !	chip chop salads	positive
the candy fish was exquisite .	candy fish	positive
the fish candy was blah .	fish candy	negative
my wife had the chicken fried steak and potatoes ... same thing .	chicken fried steak and potatoes	positive
great breakfast that is nice on the wallet .	breakfast	positive
the bartenders are the best , so friendly and sweet .	bartenders	positive
f & l 's is decent , but not my cup of tea .	cup of tea	negative
love the pizza , really love the chicago style stuffed pizza .	pizza	positive
love the pizza , really love the chicago style stuffed pizza .	stuffed pizza	positive
atmosphere is nice and relaxed .	atmosphere	positive
this time i had the gyro salad .	gyro salad	positive
i came here for an oil change and they were great !	oil change	positive
great place to go out with a group of friends or for date night .	place	positive
wes has always been a huge help .	wes	positive
above average location for the most part .	location	positive
the beer was definitely overpriced , as was their shots .	beer	negative
the beer was definitely overpriced , as was their shots .	shots	negative
the service is attentive and prompt .	service	positive
love this place .	place	positive
a cute gift shop and western themed .	gift shop	positive
fees , fees , and more fees .	fees	negative
fees , fees , and more fees .	fees	negative
fees , fees , and more fees .	fees	negative
these people break the law and do n't care .	people	negative
we left without buying the tree .	tree	negative
service was great as well .	service	positive
the soup and salad bar is always filled with great options .	soup	positive
the soup and salad bar is always filled with great options .	salad bar	positive
i went there on mother 's day and the family style food was awful .	family style food	negative
it 's obvious the employees do n't care about the customers or the service .	employees	negative
it 's obvious the employees do n't care about the customers or the service .	customers	negative
it 's obvious the employees do n't care about the customers or the service .	service	negative
it 's clean and the people at the counter are beyond friendly .	people	positive
it 's clean and the people at the counter are beyond friendly .	counter	positive
just moved by this location in may , and tried it the first time .	location	positive
the staff is very nice and accommodating and the rooms were cleaned very well .	staff	positive
the staff is very nice and accommodating and the rooms were cleaned very well .	rooms	positive
the service was amazing .	service	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
a few hours later my stomach was hurting so much .	stomach	negative
the staff is friendly , and service is pretty quick .	staff	positive
the staff is friendly , and service is pretty quick .	service	positive
the food was great !	food	positive
chips and salsa , margs , and frank or lupe enchilada plates are solid .	chips	positive
chips and salsa , margs , and frank or lupe enchilada plates are solid .	margs	positive
chips and salsa , margs , and frank or lupe enchilada plates are solid .	lupe enchilada plates	positive
love the tasty dishes and wonderful owners .	dishes	positive
love the tasty dishes and wonderful owners .	owners	positive
terrible service .	service	negative
worst food poisoning i 've ever seen .	food poisoning	negative
the waitress also wanted to make it clear that they do not take groupons .	waitress	negative
the waitress also wanted to make it clear that they do not take groupons .	groupons	negative
this urgent care doesnt even deserve _num_ star !	care	negative
beverages were bad .	beverages	negative
my wife and i had a wonderful meal on their patio .	meal	positive
my wife and i had a wonderful meal on their patio .	patio	positive
but the fork is a great place .	fork	positive
the vibe in the restaurant is really nice .	vibe	positive
ben was incredible !	ben	positive
if you come here for lunch , it is a great deal .	lunch	positive
the waitstaff does their job , but they are n't overly friendly .	waitstaff	positive
they frequently forget to put the cucumbers in the burrito as well .	cucumbers	negative
they frequently forget to put the cucumbers in the burrito as well .	burrito	negative
pretty good place for ice cream .	ice cream	positive
my teller was extremely nice helpful and patient .	teller	positive
door clearly says drive-thru open _num_ hours and lobby till midnight .	open _num_	positive
did n't seem to care about their job .	job	negative
on the bright side , the chips and salsa were pretty good .	chips	positive
on the bright side , the chips and salsa were pretty good .	salsa	positive
sounds like incompetent management and poorly trained staff .	management	negative
sounds like incompetent management and poorly trained staff .	staff	negative
i highly recommend this place .	place	positive
excellent service .	service	positive
everyone found a new restaurant today !	restaurant	positive
the wine menu here is very good !	wine menu	positive
it tasted like it was boiled meat , not bbq .	boiled meat	negative
it tasted like it was boiled meat , not bbq .	bbq	negative
come on , sugar bowl , step it up a little .	sugar bowl	positive
customer service on the floor is great .	customer service	positive
very friendly staff and doctor .	staff	positive
very friendly staff and doctor .	doctor	positive
great office !	office	positive
rice was very dry .	rice	negative
well customers should n't be told and ordered in this way .	customers	negative
love the patio .	patio	positive
then there is the sales pitch for cosmetic and diet bs .	sales	positive
then there is the sales pitch for cosmetic and diet bs .	cosmetic	positive
then there is the sales pitch for cosmetic and diet bs .	diet bs	positive
our potato orders were cold .	potato orders	negative
and the atmosphere was very casual , in a good way .	atmosphere	positive
your service completely sucks for lunch .	service	negative
your service completely sucks for lunch .	lunch	negative
_num_ star for food but _num_ for service .	food	positive
_num_ star for food but _num_ for service .	service	negative
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .	location	positive
food was great service bad .	food	negative
food was great service bad .	service	negative
this is nice , clean shop .	shop	positive
it was delicious and fantastic and i really enjoyed the meal .	meal	positive
now she did n't know what paperwork she needed .	paperwork	negative
the grounds are immaculate and the staff is excellent .	grounds	positive
the grounds are immaculate and the staff is excellent .	staff	positive
it 's amazing the prices are excellent as well .	prices	positive
unless you want to pay for incompetence and no food pick another pizza place .	food	negative
unless you want to pay for incompetence and no food pick another pizza place .	pizza	negative
thanks , scottsdale plaza resort !	scottsdale	positive
thanks , scottsdale plaza resort !	resort	positive
my server was outstanding and promptly welcomed me with a fresh pot of coffee .	server	positive
my server was outstanding and promptly welcomed me with a fresh pot of coffee .	pot of coffee	positive
i 'm from the northeast and this place reminds me of home .	place	positive
i love love love this place .	place	positive
best greek food on the west side of town .	greek food	positive
i actually felt bad for the waitresses .	waitresses	negative
good service .	service	positive
soon as i walked in at 3pm the people seemed sort of rude .	people	negative
nice added touch is the personal door service .	personal door service	positive
best place ever !	place	positive
extensive beer selection and laid back spot .	beer selection	positive
extensive beer selection and laid back spot .	spot	positive
i got shrimp tacos .	shrimp tacos	positive
the service was great !	service	positive
no lemon flavor .	lemon flavor	negative
the spa is extremely dated and the staff is average .	spa	negative
the spa is extremely dated and the staff is average .	staff	negative
overall the experience and food was a waste of $ _num_ bucks .	food	negative
food was excellent !	food	positive
portions are not large ( which was perfect for us ) .	portions	negative
great ambience !	ambience	positive
it is my favorite salon !	salon	positive
great views and great food !	views	positive
great views and great food !	food	positive
now do n't even get me started about the pool area !	pool area	negative
this is a family restaurant with a ( small ) bar .	bar	positive
worst customer service ever !	customer service	negative
$ _num_ , if you want strawberry . )	strawberry	positive
the food was n't anything special .	food	negative
the family are super nice , too .	family	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
it was so delicious , & we ended up taking half home .	half	positive
the food , service and price were all fantastic !	food	positive
the food , service and price were all fantastic !	service	positive
the food , service and price were all fantastic !	price	positive
the entire ordeal lasted one and half hours ... for just entrees and water .	entrees	negative
the entire ordeal lasted one and half hours ... for just entrees and water .	water	negative
the are hundreds of better wine stores nearby .	wine stores	positive
the deluxe villa has a nice amount of room to roll in a bed .	deluxe villa	positive
the deluxe villa has a nice amount of room to roll in a bed .	bed	positive
excellent price , service and food .	price	positive
excellent price , service and food .	service	positive
excellent price , service and food .	food	positive
there is nothing fancy about the food , but it is always tasty .	food	positive
price is right , especially if you use a coupon .	price	positive
price is right , especially if you use a coupon .	coupon	negative
and the best part ... they are always consistent with the food quality !	food quality	positive
delicious red sauce on the mussels that was devoured with the grilled toast .	red sauce on the mussels	positive
delicious red sauce on the mussels that was devoured with the grilled toast .	grilled toast	positive
i 'm almost certain the woman serving us was completely wasted too .	woman serving	negative
the staff is personable and offers good suggestions .	staff	positive
they have good ready to eat selection and fresh fruit .	selection	positive
they have good ready to eat selection and fresh fruit .	fruit	positive
definitely try the lemonade with fresh berries .	lemonade with fresh berries	positive
so ... bye bye cox .	cox	positive
my first time at this amazing restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the owner was not available .	owner	negative
i worked with anthony on my tattoo and i love it !	tattoo	positive
i always get the sushi and a cocktail .	sushi	positive
i always get the sushi and a cocktail .	cocktail	positive
just avoid the restaurant.com and avoid this place .	place	negative
the service has always been good .	service	positive
their promise times are always spot on if not ahead of time !	promise times	positive
the unlimited bread they give you with your meal is delicious .	bread	positive
the unlimited bread they give you with your meal is delicious .	meal	positive
ambiance was that of a cheap , generic restaurant .	ambiance	negative
staff is super friendly every single time !	staff	positive
the sales team and sales manager really dont care .	sales team	negative
the sales team and sales manager really dont care .	sales manager	negative
shame on you sushi _num_ , the worst restaurant experience i have ever had .	sushi _num_	negative
very nice guy !	guy	positive
you begin your meal with delicious homemade flavored tortillas .	meal	positive
you begin your meal with delicious homemade flavored tortillas .	homemade flavored tortillas	positive
definitely will come back to try more dishes or have the same ones again .	dishes	positive
special visitor so i wanted to try the regular menu .	visitor	positive
special visitor so i wanted to try the regular menu .	menu	positive
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .	bread	positive
amazing old school italian with phenomenal service .	service	positive
best of luck with the new location and we will support you there also .	location	positive
ordered the pizza online and it came early which is a plus .	pizza	positive
there was old food dried up on tables also no misters .	food	negative
there was old food dried up on tables also no misters .	tables	negative
loved the chicken thai pad plate lots of flavor mmm ... .	chicken thai pad plate	positive
great ambiance and courteous staff .	ambiance	positive
great ambiance and courteous staff .	staff	positive
the place was very clean and friendly staff .	place	positive
the place was very clean and friendly staff .	staff	positive
food is always fresh and delicious .	food	positive
yes finally a doughnut place that taste amazing .	doughnut place	positive
we had the baked ziti with homemade sausage , and it was fantastic .	baked ziti with homemade sausage	positive
really western feel .	western feel	positive
i would definitely recommend anyone who loves authentic mexican food to go here .	mexican food	positive
we both very much enjoyed our meal and were very pleased with the service .	meal	positive
we both very much enjoyed our meal and were very pleased with the service .	service	positive
edit : i had to knock this place down a star .	place	negative
this place sucks hard !	place	negative
unfortunately , they were out of eggs !	eggs	negative
places like this make me really happy for promotions like arizona restaurant week !	places	positive
there was no warning when i bought tickets for this venue .	tickets	negative
there was no warning when i bought tickets for this venue .	venue	negative
clean , kind atmosphere and very talented stylists .	atmosphere	positive
the food is very tasty and well prepared .	food	positive
this is the best gyro ever .	gyro	positive
small salad with salty bland dressing .	small salad with salty bland dressing	negative
ribs ... best i 've ever had .	ribs	positive
wow , this pizza was amazing .	pizza	positive
cleanliness is a high priority here .	cleanliness	positive
the only condiment on the table was salt & pepper .	condiment	positive
the only condiment on the table was salt & pepper .	table	positive
the only condiment on the table was salt & pepper .	salt & pepper	positive
the servers here are really friendly and always on top of their game .	servers	positive
the servers here are really friendly and always on top of their game .	game	positive
sound system - the acoustics here are terrible !	sound system	negative
sound system - the acoustics here are terrible !	acoustics	negative
trevor is absolutely amazing .	trevor	positive
the staff was very friendly and attentive .	staff	positive
- transmission leak diagnosed as needing the leaking transmission cooler replaced .	transmission leak	negative
- transmission leak diagnosed as needing the leaking transmission cooler replaced .	leaking transmission cooler	negative
service was horrible !	service	negative
they also charged us $ _num_ for the honey , really ?	honey	negative
excellent food at a reasonable price served in a great ambiance .	food	positive
excellent food at a reasonable price served in a great ambiance .	price served	positive
excellent food at a reasonable price served in a great ambiance .	ambiance	positive
besides me there is only _num_ other customers & a staff of _num_ .	staff	negative
sushi chef alex is wonderful !	sushi chef alex	positive
service was great !	service	positive
excellent storage facility .	storage facility	positive
one of the best starbucks if not the best in scottsdale .	starbucks	positive
another $ _num_ .	$	positive
basic no frills diner , lots of seating and extremely attentive service .	no frills	positive
basic no frills diner , lots of seating and extremely attentive service .	seating	positive
basic no frills diner , lots of seating and extremely attentive service .	service	positive
had _num_ different employees walk by my .	employees	negative
amazing food .	food	positive
pool very nice .	pool	positive
one giant yum !	yum	positive
friendly , good food and very affordable !	food	positive
love the food , customer service and the price .	food	positive
love the food , customer service and the price .	customer service	positive
love the food , customer service and the price .	price	positive
we always look forward to frank and lupe .	lupe	positive
our waiter ( did n't catch his name ) was super attentive & nice !	waiter	positive
this one is a gem in a town of overpriced chain look alike restaurants .	restaurants	positive
the worst service however came from our waiter , who was extremely slow !	service	negative
the worst service however came from our waiter , who was extremely slow !	waiter	negative
the most honest auto mechanic i 've ever been to !	auto mechanic	positive
horrible , totally disgusting food .	food	negative
the waitress recommended it and he was glad he ordered it .	waitress	positive
chips and salsa were plentiful and fresh .	chips	positive
chips and salsa were plentiful and fresh .	salsa	positive
the salty peanuts were a great addition to the sweetness in the ice cream .	salty peanuts	positive
the salty peanuts were a great addition to the sweetness in the ice cream .	ice cream	positive
waited for the finance dept in a very dirty waiting room .	finance	negative
waited for the finance dept in a very dirty waiting room .	waiting room	negative
best sushi bar !	sushi bar	positive
the dishes are unusually large and are very good .	dishes	positive
darts are fun , and the pool table is available often .	darts	positive
darts are fun , and the pool table is available often .	pool table	positive
once i found malee 's i was in heaven .	malee	positive
the only thing thai about malee 's are the owners .	owners	positive
great patio , dining room is cool too .	patio	positive
great patio , dining room is cool too .	dining room	positive
they staff are really friendly and accommodating .	staff	positive
i love the food and the bartender rob is great !	food	positive
i love the food and the bartender rob is great !	bartender	positive
first time ordering a cake from `` baker wee '' and we loved it .	cake	positive
first time ordering a cake from `` baker wee '' and we loved it .	baker	positive
they are nine west boots , worn one season .	west boots	positive
the food here is very good .	food	positive
really slow and not great haircut this evening .	haircut	negative
please spare yourself the disappointment and skip out on this place .	place	negative
excellent mom and pop deli !	mom	positive
do n't waste your time on pizza .	pizza	negative
not enough to change my opinion that the establishment is not worth the rating .	establishment	negative
not enough to change my opinion that the establishment is not worth the rating .	rating	negative
bagels and cream cheese are both fantastic !	bagels	positive
bagels and cream cheese are both fantastic !	cream cheese	positive
yes they were good but lukewarm and not enough for that ridiculous price .	price	negative
i pick up tortilla on my way home all the time for the family !	tortilla	positive
we like to make it an event and take the light rail !	light rail	positive
food is outstanding .	food	positive
excellent lunch offerings and fish & chips very good - and reasonably priced .	lunch offerings	positive
excellent lunch offerings and fish & chips very good - and reasonably priced .	fish & chips	positive
excellent lunch offerings and fish & chips very good - and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
the service was very friendly and great .	service	positive
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	mexican cuisine	positive
amazing selection of beer and they even have wine .	selection of beer	positive
amazing selection of beer and they even have wine .	wine	positive
add it to your sandwich .	sandwich	positive
- we get our check and it was incorrect .	check	negative
if you forgot my food i 'd probably call and be mad too .	food	negative
such a nice little touch .	touch	positive
well done canine preferred , i am one happy customer !	canine preferred	positive
well done canine preferred , i am one happy customer !	customer	positive
everyone 's entrees were huge and delicious .	entrees	positive
my problem was with the facilities .	facilities	negative
i went to cowboy ciao for my birthday and was very pleased with it !	cowboy ciao	positive
excellent food .	food	positive
the food was great .	food	positive
really enjoyed the cuban sandwich .	cuban sandwich	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
great resort - perfect for a relaxing getaway !	resort	positive
great resort - perfect for a relaxing getaway !	getaway	positive
great groupon purchase !	groupon purchase	positive
they find a way , meet the challenge , my dogs looked great .	dogs	positive
green chile sauce overpowered taste of chicken and shrimp .	green chile sauce	negative
green chile sauce overpowered taste of chicken and shrimp .	taste	negative
great service in the drive-thru .	service	positive
the bartenders also know a lot about craft beer .	bartenders	positive
the bartenders also know a lot about craft beer .	craft beer	positive
the art of food is a science here .	art of food	positive
great food , good prices , great service .	food	positive
great food , good prices , great service .	prices	positive
great food , good prices , great service .	service	positive
very good german food .	german food	positive
there are cops here almost every weekend .	cops	negative
gorgeous end to a trip in az .	az	positive
great place for those who love the wine and food culture !	wine	positive
great place for those who love the wine and food culture !	food culture	positive
brought it to firestone and they took care of it .	firestone	positive
just got a full set here the other day .	set	positive
great way to beat the heat .	heat	positive
she gave us super service !	service	positive
fresh fruit is fresh - now there 's a statement .	fresh fruit	positive
the pasta noodles were fine however , the quality did not match the price .	pasta noodles	positive
the pasta noodles were fine however , the quality did not match the price .	quality	negative
the pasta noodles were fine however , the quality did not match the price .	price	negative
nothing fancy but clean , quiet , and excellent price .	price	positive
order three different flavored cakes and wow they were so good !	flavored cakes	positive
it is a very beautiful place for an intimate wedding .	place	positive
year after year i visit the renaissance festival and love it every single time .	renaissance festival	positive
keep up the amazing work !	work	positive
it is not set up to have everyone look at the stage .	stage	negative
the burrito is a decent size too .	burrito	positive
that was _num_ % of the period allowed by the groupon !	groupon	positive
- `` well , that would be $ _num_ for the office visit . ''	office visit	positive
this place knows how to run an operation .	operation	positive
it 's one of the oldest and most relaxed bars in scottsdale !	bars	positive
putting a much more sour taste than the coffee in my mouth .	coffee	negative
and the quality of food has really gone downhill as time has passed .	quality of food	negative
attentive service and reasonable prices .	service	positive
attentive service and reasonable prices .	prices	positive
much of the food is fried but done the right way .	food	positive
here now getting a pedicure ... and it 's awful .	pedicure	negative
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
the new general manager , mike , is amazing !	general manager	positive
no marsala flavor .	marsala flavor	negative
charged for entree not ordered ( $ _num_ ) .	entree	negative
keep up the good work zipps !	zipps	positive
the service is fast , friendly and efficient .	service	positive
it was n't terrible , but i regretted ordering from this restaurant .	ordering	negative
it was n't terrible , but i regretted ordering from this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
high quality and the best service .	quality	positive
high quality and the best service .	service	positive
this is one honest company and those are hard to find .	company	negative
i mean , can i have some food on my sandwich ?	food	positive
i mean , can i have some food on my sandwich ?	sandwich	positive
luckily i did n't stay and only paid for an overpriced beverage .	beverage	negative
great food !	food	positive
giving an extra star for customer service .	customer service	positive
was not satisfied in one way shape or form .	shape	negative
was not satisfied in one way shape or form .	form	negative
he ate the lamb chops not the veggies .	lamb chops	positive
he ate the lamb chops not the veggies .	veggies	negative
i 'm not sure they even own spices .	spices	negative
i could just tell that he genuinely loves working with guitars .	guitars	positive
the baristas are always so friendly as well .	baristas	positive
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .	bartender	positive
the bed was so comfortable .	bed	positive
then when the a/c goes on it gets so cold you need a jacket .	jacket	negative
delicious olives for example .	olives	positive
even the cooks in the back are friendly .	cooks	positive
managers are n't any better .	managers	negative
it 's worth the wait !	wait	positive
great customer service with a smile .	customer service	positive
the food was really good .	food	positive
the care is top notch , the staff is terrific .	care	positive
the care is top notch , the staff is terrific .	staff	positive
it is a great lunch place .	lunch place	positive
i got the stuffed lobster and my boyfriend got the steak and crab .	stuffed lobster	positive
i got the stuffed lobster and my boyfriend got the steak and crab .	steak	positive
this is a great place for breakfast in scottsdale .	breakfast	positive
she then charged me another $ _num_ .	$	negative
nice , friendly staff .	staff	positive
we 've mostly ordered the specials and have loved everything we 've eaten .	specials	positive
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
the people were not very friendly and the food was so so .	people	negative
the people were not very friendly and the food was so so .	food	positive
the owner did an amazing job !	owner	positive
a great place to shop for groceries .	place	positive
a great place to shop for groceries .	groceries	positive
great food , price & service !	food	positive
great food , price & service !	price	positive
great food , price & service !	service	positive
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	parts	negative
they have true ny style pizza , dripping with grease and deliciousness .	pizza	positive
that is horrific customer service !	customer service	negative
dry brisket , good fries , not much else .	dry brisket	positive
dry brisket , good fries , not much else .	fries	positive
the food , service and overall experience was delightful .	food	positive
the food , service and overall experience was delightful .	service	positive
want a scenic view mixed with an amazing atmosphere .	scenic view	positive
want a scenic view mixed with an amazing atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i was very happy with the service i received .	service	positive
she wanted some authentic mexican cuisine so i brought her to carlsbad .	mexican cuisine	positive
first bad sign .	sign	negative
another nursery that never showed or called .	nursery	negative
great beans folks for starters - i mean great beans !	beans	positive
i absolutely did not like this place .	place	negative
the ceremony is short and sweet , then the remaining time for pics .	ceremony	positive
the ceremony is short and sweet , then the remaining time for pics .	pics	positive
we love this place .	place	positive
the host did n't acknowledge my group for at least five minutes .	host	negative
i just looked at the community and its so beautiful .	community	positive
strong drinks at cheap price .	drinks	positive
strong drinks at cheap price .	price	positive
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .	yarn store	positive
a perfect setting for a date .	setting	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
judy moore and her team offer beautiful and affordable jewelry .	jewelry	positive
i literally dream about the stetson salad !	stetson salad	positive
too broad a choice for most chefs , and this one was no different .	chefs	negative
highly recommended and reasonable prices !	prices	positive
great food .	food	positive
fast forward to today ... truck started falling apart again .	truck	negative
great guys !	guys	positive
hotel staff is very nice and professional .	hotel staff	positive
this place is not the same !	place	negative
has to be worth the drive .	drive	positive
not sure why all the high reviews for er .	er	negative
$ _num_ per cannoli and the filling tasted like vanilla pudding , not cheese .	cannoli	positive
$ _num_ per cannoli and the filling tasted like vanilla pudding , not cheese .	filling	negative
$ _num_ per cannoli and the filling tasted like vanilla pudding , not cheese .	vanilla pudding	negative
$ _num_ per cannoli and the filling tasted like vanilla pudding , not cheese .	cheese	negative
this is not excellent customer service .	customer service	negative
there is no order or procedures .	order	negative
there is no order or procedures .	procedures	negative
i 'm just disappointed because i really wanted to like the place .	place	negative
but this place is my new fav sushi spot !	fav sushi spot	positive
love sugar bowl .	sugar bowl	positive
slow service .	service	negative
suzanne is awesome and does all the alterations herself which are impeccable !	alterations	positive
this makes me worry about the cleanliness of the kitchen .	cleanliness	negative
this makes me worry about the cleanliness of the kitchen .	kitchen	negative
when i am setting up for my first shoot my lens just falls off .	lens	negative
a business run the right way .	business	positive
i purchased from this store twice now , both times buying jewelry and pottery .	jewelry	negative
i purchased from this store twice now , both times buying jewelry and pottery .	pottery	negative
not quite enough guac for me - but great overall .	guac	positive
good beer prices .	beer prices	positive
the service was super fast and friendly .	service	positive
love this place and ca n't wait to go back !	place	positive
love this place and ca n't wait to go back !	ca	positive
our server was great and very knowledgeable .	server	positive
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more atrocious .	dessert	negative
un real color .	color	positive
their chow mein was super dry .	chow mein	negative
sushi took _num_ minutes to come out and the drinks took _num_ minutes .	sushi	negative
sushi took _num_ minutes to come out and the drinks took _num_ minutes .	drinks	negative
what a shame , need to clean house on that place .	house	negative
each item is classic comfort with complex and elevated flavors .	item	positive
each item is classic comfort with complex and elevated flavors .	flavors	positive
absolute waste of time and money .	money	negative
top notch staff - the service here is impeccable .	staff	positive
top notch staff - the service here is impeccable .	service	positive
she said they have the best donuts .	donuts	positive
no draft beer .	draft beer	negative
just looked into getting tickets for show here .	tickets	positive
the service is wonderful .	service	positive
a lot of choices to pick from .	choices	positive
sauce was ok but should n't it be a marinara ?	sauce	negative
sauce was ok but should n't it be a marinara ?	marinara	negative
the tandoori roti was good as was the complementary yogurt sauce .	tandoori roti	positive
the tandoori roti was good as was the complementary yogurt sauce .	yogurt sauce	positive
emily is awesome !	emily	positive
the atmosphere is now inviting and warm and the acoustics have been improved greatly .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is now inviting and warm and the acoustics have been improved greatly .	acoustics	negative
room _num_ a/c does n't work too well .	room	negative
laundry room is horrible .	laundry room	negative
the best steak i 've had i a long time !	steak	positive
we loved the food and the service .	food	positive
we loved the food and the service .	service	positive
once the vehicle was there the inside condition of the vehicle was horrible !	vehicle	negative
this location is a total disappointment .	location	negative
i have been to this place countless times , and i love it !	place	positive
service was very friendly and on point .	service	positive
i gave him a tip and left happy .	tip	positive
chicken lo mien is the best i ever had !	chicken lo mien	positive
went in today for a haircut and man is this place authentic .	haircut	positive
this location sucks .	location	negative
great place !	place	positive
friendly service and when you enter they open door for you .	service	positive
great atmosphere , great staff , and great food .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere , great staff , and great food .	staff	positive
great atmosphere , great staff , and great food .	food	positive
but this stuff was nasty .	stuff	negative
love the funky soda selection .	soda selection	positive
great tortilla and the pork was awesome .	tortilla	positive
great tortilla and the pork was awesome .	pork	positive
the egg drop soup is the best i have ever had .	egg drop soup	positive
very cool and personable staff .	staff	positive
the mac rocks !	mac	positive
the food is great and its a good place to drop into .	food	positive
she said to me that i 'm supposed to tip on to go orders .	orders	negative
they have the best happy hour in town in terms of food quality .	food quality	positive
the staff are very friendly .	staff	positive
keep up the great work .	work	positive
my wife had the fish tacos - very good !	fish tacos	positive
i was very pleased with the service i received during a difficult time period .	service	positive
pros : so many different types of kim chi !	kim chi	positive
best place to bring the out-of-towners .	place	positive
he did nothing about it and just out a clear coat on top .	coat	negative
best wings in town !	wings	positive
suzanne did a fantastic job on my gown in a very short time frame .	gown	positive
they advertise as a _num_ star hotel , but the quality is definitely sub-par .	quality	negative
* shark tacos - i thought the shark meat gave an interesting twist .	shark tacos	positive
* shark tacos - i thought the shark meat gave an interesting twist .	shark meat	positive
luxurious atmosphere with good service .	atmosphere	positive
luxurious atmosphere with good service .	service	positive
a good choice for a birthday dinner .	birthday dinner	positive
the prices are great too .	prices	positive
go for drinks , dine elsewhere .	drinks	negative
not cut into strips or cubes .	strips	negative
not cut into strips or cubes .	cubes	negative
everything was delicious and we cleaned our plates .	plates	positive
they have n't responded to emails or notes left on their door from me .	door	negative
the worst , though , was my sister 's salad .	salad	negative
after finally getting my room i could n't open the door .	room	negative
so only way i got through was email .	email	positive
i am so happy to have aaa .	aaa	positive
otherwise i highly recommend new health dental .	health dental	positive
plus they have really good happy hour .	hour	positive
i have recommended one posh place to countless friends .	place	positive
i think that there are way better viet places not very far away .	viet places	negative
the staff was welcoming and attentive , every aspect of the facilities uniquely enjoyable .	staff	positive
the staff was welcoming and attentive , every aspect of the facilities uniquely enjoyable .	facilities	positive
people , the pizza here is just plain bad .	people	negative
people , the pizza here is just plain bad .	pizza	negative
this is how it should be , a great value , and perfect haircut .	value	positive
this is how it should be , a great value , and perfect haircut .	haircut	positive
i would highly recommend this place if you get a decent price on it .	price	positive
the location is crowded and waiting in line is uncomfortable .	location	negative
the location is crowded and waiting in line is uncomfortable .	waiting	negative
when you arrive put away the expectations and just enjoy the bat cave .	bat cave	positive
the batter is terrible as well .	batter	negative
the bread is garbage .	bread	negative
our server was checking in on every other table except for ours .	server	negative
our server was checking in on every other table except for ours .	table	negative
anyway , my salesperson , maria , was lovely .	salesperson	positive
anyway , my salesperson , maria , was lovely .	maria	positive
worst presentation i ever saw it looked like they threw it on the tables .	presentation	negative
worst presentation i ever saw it looked like they threw it on the tables .	tables	negative
the sushi on the other hand is just meh !	sushi	positive
service was awkward and food was horrible .	service	negative
service was awkward and food was horrible .	food	negative
stop being cheap and treat yourself to a bike that you deserve .	bike	negative
highly recommend this place .	place	positive
and their sales are always fabulous .	sales	positive
it 's my favorite item on the menu .	menu	positive
they charged him $ _num_ for a crap bottle of wine .	bottle of wine	negative
it was amazing , perfect balance of everything and cooked just right .	balance	positive
i highly , highly recommend this place .	place	positive
definitely on my regular rotation now !	rotation	positive
new owners and love everything about it once again .	owners	positive
poor service , food really was sub-par for what we paid .	service	negative
poor service , food really was sub-par for what we paid .	food	negative
thank you new management you guys are amazing .	management	positive
this was served along side some red pepper tortillas with jalapeno butter .	served	negative
this was served along side some red pepper tortillas with jalapeno butter .	red pepper tortillas with jalapeno butter	positive
i 'd love to keep this deli open .	deli	positive
we are so disappointed because the other location was so awesome !	location	positive
i would not go back despite the pizza being good .	pizza	positive
fair prices .	prices	positive
our waitress was rude and she could barely be bothered to take out order .	waitress	negative
great food and tracy is a great server !	food	positive
great food and tracy is a great server !	server	positive
line _num_ people deep and not moving .	line	negative
if you are gon na have a drink here you better drive home drunk .	drink	negative
breakfast , lunch and dinner .	breakfast	positive
breakfast , lunch and dinner .	lunch	positive
breakfast , lunch and dinner .	dinner	positive
the nurses was just sitting around like it 's nothing to do .	nurses	negative
great company and great service !	company	positive
great company and great service !	service	positive
so authentic they barely speak english and it shows in there food .	food	negative
hot damn this place is great !	place	positive
too expensive for bad food .	food	negative
$ _num_ for a lunch size chef salad ?	lunch size chef salad	positive
the service is outstanding .	service	positive
the bathrooms are a mess and they dont have changing stalls .	bathrooms	negative
the bathrooms are a mess and they dont have changing stalls .	changing stalls	negative
prices were great , service was excellent !	prices	positive
prices were great , service was excellent !	service	positive
the inside was as amazing as i remembered and so was the food !	inside	positive
the inside was as amazing as i remembered and so was the food !	food	positive
the people at the counter are nice and very efficient .	people	positive
the people at the counter are nice and very efficient .	counter	positive
amazing breakfast !	breakfast	positive
shame on me for not doing my research on the price .	price	negative
_num_ sushi roll , and i chicken wrap .	sushi roll	positive
wonderful place for nails .	place	positive
wonderful place for nails .	nails	positive
people are incredibly condescending .	people	negative
she could n't understand we just wanted a refund .	refund	negative
everyone loved their food .	food	positive
staff is pretty friendly .	staff	positive
carne asada had almost no flavor or char ( appeared to be boiled ?	carne asada	negative
carne asada had almost no flavor or char ( appeared to be boiled ?	flavor	negative
carne asada had almost no flavor or char ( appeared to be boiled ?	char (	negative
carne asada had almost no flavor or char ( appeared to be boiled ?	boiled	negative
the food was nothing special and actually below average .	food	negative
the flavors are fantastic !	flavors	positive
so far this place has been great .	place	positive
i purchased a hugo boss suit as well .	hugo boss suit	positive
the associates have always been professional and nice to me .	associates	positive
another 3rd waiter came back with our drinks about _num_ minutes later .	waiter	negative
another 3rd waiter came back with our drinks about _num_ minutes later .	drinks	negative
service was not poor food way to over priced !	service	negative
service was not poor food way to over priced !	food	negative
my boyfriend and i dined in the bar so we could watch college football .	bar	positive
my mani lady was super nice but the pedi lady was definitely not friendly .	mani lady	positive
my mani lady was super nice but the pedi lady was definitely not friendly .	pedi lady	negative
the side of guac we got was also kinda crappy .	side of guac	negative
the decor also gives off a fun and fancy vibe .	decor	positive
i have curly hair and once the bangs dry they stick straight out .	bangs	negative
the six of us went out for yogurt because we were really very hungry .	yogurt	negative
skip this place !	place	negative
half the reason i wanted asian food was for the spice .	asian food	positive
half the reason i wanted asian food was for the spice .	spice	positive
do not support this business !	business	negative
they were open from _num_ to _num_ , we had a _num_ o'clock reservation .	reservation	positive
i went with a large group of people and our service was spot on .	service	positive
the machine was broken , friendly staff but busy to help right away .	machine	negative
the machine was broken , friendly staff but busy to help right away .	staff	negative
the okra was mushy and flavorless .	okra	negative
i do n't remember tasting any pesto in the mayo .	pesto	negative
i do n't remember tasting any pesto in the mayo .	mayo	negative
the decor , etc .	decor	positive
reasonable prices added to the nostalgia .	prices	positive
some of the home fries are okay , but not theirs .	home fries	positive
great back patio as well !	back patio	positive
we started out with the asparagus fries ( delicious ! )	asparagus fries	positive
everything prepared exactly as we requested and the food was excellent !	food	positive
the service was still excellent .	service	positive
no reservation , no problem .	reservation	positive
i used to buy excellent blueberries there but no more .	blueberries	positive
i do n't care for cilantro , our server was happy to accomodate .	cilantro	negative
i do n't care for cilantro , our server was happy to accomodate .	server	positive
best place to go for physical therapy !	place	positive
best place to go for physical therapy !	physical	positive
free chips and salsa nothing to brag about .	chips	positive
they are very busy , but slow , and relatively indifferent to their customers .	customers	negative
decent prices for boarding , ridiculous prices for all else .	prices	negative
decent prices for boarding , ridiculous prices for all else .	boarding	positive
decent prices for boarding , ridiculous prices for all else .	prices	negative
no spices .	spices	negative
my favorite pizza !	pizza	positive
i can personally cook a german meal _num_ fold better than they did .	german meal	positive
this place is incredible !	place	positive
plus - he recovered quickly and graciously said he was buying our drinks .	drinks	positive
this is the best place to come and get your car repaired in mesa .	place	positive
this is the best place to come and get your car repaired in mesa .	car	positive
brought in two camera lenses to have them repaired and cleaned .	camera lenses	negative
very good pizza .	pizza	positive
i visited the desk _num_ ( ! )	desk _num_	positive
the salon is beautiful too and has a cute cafe and boutique .	salon	positive
the salon is beautiful too and has a cute cafe and boutique .	cafe	positive
the salon is beautiful too and has a cute cafe and boutique .	boutique	positive
this is by far the best chinese in arizona .	chinese	positive
all of it had zero point zero taste .	taste	negative
the server recommended terrific wines and was knowledgeable and attentive .	server	positive
the server recommended terrific wines and was knowledgeable and attentive .	wines	positive
once again , no kidding , folks .	folks	positive
no onions peppers or anything .	onions peppers	negative
all _num_ members of my party thought their meals were sub-par .	meals	negative
i love , love , love my chiropractor !	chiropractor	positive
terrible pizza , tasted like it was from a box .	pizza	negative
_num_ months later i get a bill for $ _num_ .	bill	positive
the technicians were very patient and interested in our dog and family concerns .	technicians	positive
the technicians were very patient and interested in our dog and family concerns .	dog	positive
extremely poor customer service .	customer service	negative
the prices they charge are outrageous for what you get .	prices	negative
the technicians and the office staff are great as well .	technicians	positive
the technicians and the office staff are great as well .	office staff	positive
their front desk is always on point .	front desk	positive
questionable ... but once inside ... very happy to experience this location .	location	positive
i recommend spicy miso soup , sooooo yummy !	spicy miso soup	positive
fresh bread and fillings always with a pickle and chips .	bread	positive
fresh bread and fillings always with a pickle and chips .	fillings	positive
fresh bread and fillings always with a pickle and chips .	pickle and chips	positive
water waitress would n't leave us alone .	water waitress	negative
the biggest problem i had was that i ordered ribs .	ribs	negative
yikes , i give this place _num_ stars .	place	positive
chips were spicy and tasty !	chips	positive
the salad was delicious as usual & the service was fabulous .	salad	positive
the salad was delicious as usual & the service was fabulous .	service	positive
we had to ask someone else to wipe off the counter .	counter	negative
excellent food .	food	positive
i ordered the ham and brie .	ham and brie	positive
still , not up to the ratings or expectations .	ratings	negative
very pleased with new glass table top .	glass table top	positive
the staff is friendly , too .	staff	positive
well , it 's mighty hard to mess up nachos .	nachos	positive
wonderful ice cream , good amount for the price .	ice cream	positive
wonderful ice cream , good amount for the price .	price	positive
courtyard marriott north always delivers a quality room with over the top service .	service	positive
this is definitely one of my favorite places to go .	places	positive
when in doubt , do n't stretch the kitchen .	kitchen	positive
arrogant people , skip it , go somewhere else for authentic persian food .	people	negative
arrogant people , skip it , go somewhere else for authentic persian food .	persian food	negative
( not counting this dinner ) .	dinner	negative
reservation is definitely needed , as it 's popular .	reservation	negative
the food was really good .	food	positive
they have some odd policies and will no longer earn my business .	policies	negative
the soup was fresh .	soup	positive
how about allowing people to complete paperwork online and not waste their time ?	paperwork	negative
very friendly environment !	environment	positive
quiet atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the spaghetti and meatballs are an amazing duo as well .	spaghetti	positive
the spaghetti and meatballs are an amazing duo as well .	meatballs	positive
huge portions and consistently good !	portions	positive
prices i were too high for the portions they serve .	prices	negative
prices i were too high for the portions they serve .	portions	negative
it takes them forever to get your drinks , orders , etc .	drinks	negative
it takes them forever to get your drinks , orders , etc .	orders	negative
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	fountain machine	negative
it 's clean , organized , has great customer service !	customer service	positive
their shredded beef chimichangas are excellent as well .	shredded beef chimichangas	positive
marquee theater is the worst place to see concerts in the phoenix area .	marquee theater	negative
the office is beautiful and the entire staff are so pleasant and helpful .	office	positive
the office is beautiful and the entire staff are so pleasant and helpful .	staff	positive
great car wash - very friendly staff .	car wash	positive
great car wash - very friendly staff .	staff	positive
their billing staff is useless and constantly getting the billing codes mixed up .	billing staff	negative
their billing staff is useless and constantly getting the billing codes mixed up .	billing codes	negative
the rates are reasonable and in line with the other locations in the area .	rates	positive
i recommend this place and will definitely return .	place	positive
avoid ordering any of the soups ... ... their pretty poor .	soups	negative
i highly recommend this bakery !	bakery	positive
the service was great .	service	positive
a fun place to go and enjoy a meal .	place	positive
a fun place to go and enjoy a meal .	meal	positive
enjoy your meal , just do n't fill up on garlic bread !	meal	positive
enjoy your meal , just do n't fill up on garlic bread !	garlic bread	positive
the fish tacos were truly the best i have ever had .	fish tacos	positive
the staff is young and energetic .	staff	positive
great place for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
i wish you good luck in your life and career girls !	girls	positive
i would give this place a negative star rating if possible .	place	negative
nice , friendly , efficient staff .	staff	positive
do not go to this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
ashley wright is a fantastic hairstylist !	hairstylist	positive
i feel blessed to have the mayo clinic right in our town .	mayo	positive
i really love this place .	place	positive
beautiful day , very enjoyable lunch .	day	positive
beautiful day , very enjoyable lunch .	lunch	positive
had the philly sandwich here and was remarkably impressed for a local place .	place	positive
if you like spicy and delicious thai , look no further !	thai	positive
the pool looks really gross , would n't suggest going in it .	pool	negative
first time here and the fish and chips were delish .	fish and chips	positive
she just said sorry , no you have to pay the outstanding balance .	balance	negative
thanks for reading .	reading	positive
food was great , service was good , prices quite reasonable .	food	positive
food was great , service was good , prices quite reasonable .	service	positive
food was great , service was good , prices quite reasonable .	prices	positive
good place !	place	positive
that was some tasty food ! ''	food	positive
customers are not your children .	customers	negative
they have an amazing selection of organic fruits , and vegetables .	organic fruits	positive
they have an amazing selection of organic fruits , and vegetables .	vegetables	positive
every time i walked in no one was at the front desk .	front desk	negative
i totally love this place .	place	positive
the outdoor fireplace and the lighting is great and makes the ambiance .	outdoor fireplace	positive
the outdoor fireplace and the lighting is great and makes the ambiance .	lighting	positive
the outdoor fireplace and the lighting is great and makes the ambiance .	ambiance	positive
my son got a quick and nice haircut for $ _num_ .	haircut	positive
we had _num_ people and _num_ of them ordered the chicken ceasar salads .	people	positive
we had _num_ people and _num_ of them ordered the chicken ceasar salads .	chicken ceasar salads	positive
not much flavor and no texture or substance .	flavor	negative
not much flavor and no texture or substance .	texture	negative
not much flavor and no texture or substance .	substance	negative
i highly recommend this business .	business	positive
i have also been experiencing mediocre service .	service	negative
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	selection of parts	positive
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	accessories	positive
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	prices	positive
you provide great customer service .	customer service	positive
reasonably priced and small and quaint .	priced	positive
the duck salad is pretty good , too .	duck salad	positive
i recommend this nail shop .	nail shop	positive
i know this place has some good reviews but nothing stuck out to me .	place	positive
the facility is always so nice and clean which is always very important .	facility	positive
the service was terrible .	service	negative
the stacked enchiladas was excellent as well .	stacked enchiladas	positive
my husbands chicken was burnt , my carne asada was tough .	husbands chicken	negative
my husbands chicken was burnt , my carne asada was tough .	carne asada	negative
the atmosphere is really neat because you are eating in a grocery store .	atmosphere	positive
i sure did n't but wow , these people were fantastic !	people	positive
donuts were delicious and fresh , coffee was good - definitely coming back soon !	coffee	positive
overpriced , small portions and very bland food .	portions	negative
overpriced , small portions and very bland food .	food	negative
it 's a really great dive bar .	dive bar	positive
after waiting _num_ minutes , we finally got our food .	food	positive
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	car wash	negative
i 'm from back east and enjoy great seafood .	seafood	positive
not a good value and portions have been reduced .	value	negative
not a good value and portions have been reduced .	portions	negative
any duck menu item is always one of my favorites !	duck menu item	positive
to top it off , a bite was taken out of my sandwich .	sandwich	negative
price : way too expensive for what you get .	price	negative
amazing menu and one of the best patios in scottsdale !	menu	positive
amazing menu and one of the best patios in scottsdale !	patios	positive
the tuna sandwich is great too !	tuna sandwich	positive
i 'm pretty sure it only takes 5-10 minutes to fry some chicken .	chicken	negative
the staff is wonderful !	staff	positive
the service and food were all fantastic !	service	positive
the service and food were all fantastic !	food	positive
the food was awful .	food	negative
it 's always a great meal and pleasant visit .	meal	positive
very good food , nice servers and a real treat to be here .	food	positive
very good food , nice servers and a real treat to be here .	servers	positive
canyon lake is absolutely stunning and this was a great way to see it .	canyon lake	positive
my technician did not welcome me or introduce herself to me .	technician	negative
pretty good local joint .	local joint	positive
but when its cooked just right , its fabulous .	cooked	positive
the iced tea was good .	iced tea	positive
and the place smells very bad .	place	negative
all are quite good at a reasonable price .	price	positive
love this place !	place	positive
went during lunch time and serve was extremely slow .	lunch	negative
went during lunch time and serve was extremely slow .	serve	negative
the ambience , service and every item we ordered was most excellent !	ambience	positive
the ambience , service and every item we ordered was most excellent !	service	positive
the steaks and meats are great .	steaks	positive
the steaks and meats are great .	meats	positive
decor enjoyable .	decor	positive
very honest and fair shop .	shop	positive
great wine selection with fair prices .	wine selection	positive
great wine selection with fair prices .	prices	positive
my son loves this museum .	museum	positive
i prefer this walmart over others because it 's one of the smaller ones .	walmart	negative
first and foremost the staff is awesome , and the place is clean .	staff	positive
first and foremost the staff is awesome , and the place is clean .	place	positive
the best deal is the big ass burger , enough for two .	big ass burger	positive
i left , no charge .	charge	negative
i 'd recommend it for groups and a good place to end your night .	place	positive
the real jewel of this place is the jade bar , however .	jade bar	positive
not in the actual tempe camera building , but next door .	tempe camera building	positive
superb service .	service	positive
the quality has been consistent for all these years .	quality	positive
quality food !	food	positive
i highly recommend camelback auto glass !	camelback auto glass	positive
they are creative signature items and also every customer can make their own .	customer	positive
they 're always loose and stuff falls out .	stuff	negative
_num_ stars for this place is insane .	place	negative
good drinks .	drinks	positive
perfect spot to hang with your friends and watch sports games !	spot	positive
perfect spot to hang with your friends and watch sports games !	sports games	positive
we waited over an hour for a table .	table	negative
the waitresses are funny and friendly and the place is perfect for family dining .	waitresses	positive
the waitresses are funny and friendly and the place is perfect for family dining .	place	positive
the waitresses are funny and friendly and the place is perfect for family dining .	family dining	positive
amazing food , nice crowd and always consistant .	food	positive
amazing food , nice crowd and always consistant .	crowd	positive
another sign of poor leadership .	leadership	negative
for beer lovers papago is probably the best place in the greater phoenix area .	beer	positive
for beer lovers papago is probably the best place in the greater phoenix area .	papago	positive
i recommend the gnocchi gorgonzola but everything is amazing here .	gnocchi gorgonzola	positive
i would n't recommend this apartments to anyone !	apartments	negative
great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
love this office .	office	positive
i was very disappointed with this cafe .	cafe	negative
by far the best auto service center .	auto service center	positive
the vet took her time and was very friendly .	vet	positive
we got a crappy sake recommendation that literally tasted like bitter water .	sake recommendation	negative
we got a crappy sake recommendation that literally tasted like bitter water .	water	negative
we tried the pesto with chicken and loved it !	pesto with chicken	positive
i really ca n't recommend the breakfast club .	breakfast club	negative
huge selection and baked fresh daily .	selection	positive
this place has the worst greek food i 've ever tasted .	place	negative
this place has the worst greek food i 've ever tasted .	greek food	negative
we love zipps !	zipps	positive
been here several times and been disappointed every time with their plant selection .	plant selection	negative
ordered the green chile burrito , perfect size and amount of pork .	green chile burrito	positive
ordered the green chile burrito , perfect size and amount of pork .	pork	positive
very good tiramisu too .	tiramisu	positive
their second location in scottsdale is an amazing location and atmosphere .	location	positive
their second location in scottsdale is an amazing location and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
in terms of starbucks , this one is definitely my favorite !	starbucks	positive
just had some brake service done and once again a great experience .	brake service	positive
you can really see how this place is ran by pro 's .	place	positive
delightful , we were there for sunday brunch .	sunday brunch	positive
great reception upon entering and great food !	reception	positive
great reception upon entering and great food !	food	positive
received my _num_ slices that tasted no better than a reheated slice of pizza .	slice of pizza	negative
always friendly , precise , and on the ball .	ball	positive
does anyone have the number for pizza hut ?	pizza	positive
great patio with ambiance .	patio with ambiance	positive
great old town location too !	location	positive
i love this fry 's and come in almost daily to buy something .	fry 's	positive
our server could n't tell me what was in the stuffed mushrooms .	server	negative
our server could n't tell me what was in the stuffed mushrooms .	stuffed mushrooms	negative
the employees did n't really seem to care about being there .	employees	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
nice funky charming ambiance .	ambiance	positive
i had the white pizza , which is tasty but $ _num_ !	white pizza	positive
amazing how patient and accommodating for customers he is !	customers	positive
tons of meat and the sauce is the best .	meat	positive
tons of meat and the sauce is the best .	sauce	positive
love this place .	place	positive
their staff is rude , their kitchen is slow and their pancakes are overpriced .	staff	negative
their staff is rude , their kitchen is slow and their pancakes are overpriced .	kitchen	negative
their staff is rude , their kitchen is slow and their pancakes are overpriced .	pancakes	negative
best chinese food - hands down .	chinese food	positive
this is my wife 's favorite place to eat .	place	positive
we ordered a pitcher of margaritas and were disappointed there as well .	pitcher of margaritas	negative
the owner was extremely unfriendly and unhelpful .	owner	negative
then i pick up my car and he charges me $ _num_ .	car	negative
... then they charged another tables bill and our bill to our card .	tables bill	negative
... then they charged another tables bill and our bill to our card .	bill	negative
popped in for dinner and had a great experience !	dinner	positive
amazing aesthetics .	aesthetics	positive
i guess in dc they have significantly better thai .	thai	negative
the chicken kabob was very tender and juicy .	chicken kabob	positive
great gyros !	gyros	positive
this location is very good .	location	positive
i went with the short rib and found it both good and disappointing .	short rib	negative
the drinks are a good price too !	drinks	positive
the drinks are a good price too !	price	positive
the food was great !	food	positive
this place fails on both counts ... .	place	negative
the food is amazing and the service is usually pretty good .	food	positive
the food is amazing and the service is usually pretty good .	service	positive
tried the combo platter appetizer , very good .	combo platter appetizer	positive
great location and setup , food was amazing and pricing was fair .	location	positive
great location and setup , food was amazing and pricing was fair .	setup	positive
great location and setup , food was amazing and pricing was fair .	food	positive
great location and setup , food was amazing and pricing was fair .	pricing	positive
staff was amazing !	staff	positive
the donuts are so delicious in the early am .	donuts	positive
first of all this place is always packed so prepare to wait to sit .	place	negative
not gluten free friendly on game day .	game	negative
this is the worst starbucks i have ever gone to .	starbucks	negative
it is a relaxed , roomy atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the meal was around $ _num_ for _num_ people .	meal	positive
the service was very good .	service	positive
chris in the service department is the best !	service department	positive
overall wonderful experience with this resort and its staff .	resort	positive
overall wonderful experience with this resort and its staff .	staff	positive
this place is loads of fun .	place	positive
drinks are great and service is outstanding .	drinks	positive
drinks are great and service is outstanding .	service	positive
so nice to have such good service and great food with a smile .	service	positive
so nice to have such good service and great food with a smile .	food	positive
when i think authentic mexican street tacos , tj 's is the spot !	mexican street tacos	positive
nice and spicy , with fresh fish and lots of okra and other veggies .	fish	positive
nice and spicy , with fresh fish and lots of okra and other veggies .	okra	positive
nice and spicy , with fresh fish and lots of okra and other veggies .	veggies	positive
the room she uses is beautiful and relaxing .	room	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
each time , the guy took a message and never called me back .	guy	negative
this is the place !	place	positive
great for family dinner or a date .	family dinner	positive
great breakfast and lunch spot .	breakfast	positive
great breakfast and lunch spot .	lunch spot	positive
the chicken was not my favorite .	chicken	negative
they have good margaritas and the food is greasy and good !	margaritas	positive
they have good margaritas and the food is greasy and good !	food	positive
this is a great place for sandwiches .	sandwiches	positive
the best period !	period	positive
the service is spot on even in a usually full restaurant .	service	positive
the location is not fancy at all ... but this is top-notch thai food !	location	negative
the location is not fancy at all ... but this is top-notch thai food !	thai food	positive
the potatoes were undercooked , and there was a hair on the bacon .	potatoes	negative
the potatoes were undercooked , and there was a hair on the bacon .	bacon	negative
the pork appetizer is very tasty , a bit spicy , good flavors .	pork appetizer	positive
the pork appetizer is very tasty , a bit spicy , good flavors .	flavors	positive
the tortillas are the most delightful around .	tortillas	positive
the rotisserie chicken was so moist and tender !	rotisserie chicken	positive
the rice that came with it was soggy - too much water .	rice	negative
the rice that came with it was soggy - too much water .	water	negative
the consistency was slimy and weird .	consistency	negative
the employees have been kind and friendly .	employees	positive
i had the carnitas and the pork just fell apart with an amazing flavor .	carnitas	positive
i had the carnitas and the pork just fell apart with an amazing flavor .	pork	positive
i had the carnitas and the pork just fell apart with an amazing flavor .	flavor	positive
watered down .	watered	negative
i ordered a spicy chicken dish , asked no soy to be on it .	spicy chicken dish	negative
i ordered a spicy chicken dish , asked no soy to be on it .	soy	negative
this place is a real scottsdale secret !	place	positive
this place is a real scottsdale secret !	scottsdale	positive
this place is overpriced , poor menu design and flat out unimpressive .	menu design	negative
my husband has had the chicken , prime rib and steak and all great .	chicken	positive
my husband has had the chicken , prime rib and steak and all great .	prime rib	positive
my husband has had the chicken , prime rib and steak and all great .	steak	positive
the salsa was ok , but nothing special .	salsa	negative
finally got our appetizer - chicken with garlic and mushrooms .	appetizer	positive
carrots and peppers with them perfect combo .	carrots	positive
carrots and peppers with them perfect combo .	peppers	positive
the food was ... well it is taco bell .	food	positive
tasty hearty food .	food	positive
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	sushi	positive
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	sashimi	positive
we got gluten free artichoke dip , delicious !	artichoke dip	positive
i would say it is a good service .	service	positive
my gyro was drowning in tzatziki .	gyro	negative
in my experience , staff has always been friendly and attentive .	staff	positive
the girl that took my order was so rude !	girl	negative
food was good .	food	positive
but in my opinion there should be no wrong items on a menu .	menu	positive
awesome spot .	spot	positive
food : boyfriend and i hated the food we have gotten here .	food	negative
food : boyfriend and i hated the food we have gotten here .	food	negative
horrible place !	place	negative
great sports bar , they have pool tables & darts as well .	sports bar	positive
great sports bar , they have pool tables & darts as well .	pool tables	positive
i liked the selection .	selection	positive
not what i would imagine from a nice place like that .	place	positive
this wedding was honestly the most beautiful wedding i have ever been to .	wedding	positive
the food was delicious , however i felt like it was overpriced .	food	positive
they have great sangria and the best part if the dessert .	sangria	positive
they have great sangria and the best part if the dessert .	dessert	positive
both dishes were greasy and flavorless .	dishes	negative
this place is awesome !	place	positive
great sandwiches friendly staff .	sandwiches	positive
great sandwiches friendly staff .	staff	positive
with the addition of the hot salsa my dish was mediocre .	hot salsa	negative
with the addition of the hot salsa my dish was mediocre .	dish	negative
even with premium tequila they are just not made very well .	tequila	negative
service just gets worst and worst .	service	negative
the spa pedicure was just as bad .	spa pedicure	negative
wow , calzone personal can feed two .	calzone personal	positive
the choices of food options has definitely gone down .	choices of food options	negative
eggplant parm and spaghetti was anything but that .	eggplant parm	positive
the price is perfect for what you get !	price	positive
the marsala sauce was very bland .	marsala sauce	negative
poor customer service and food was cold .	customer service	negative
poor customer service and food was cold .	food	negative
heidi is always fun to visit with !	heidi	positive
we also got a plain quesadilla for our daughter .	plain quesadilla	positive
the best chinese food still around and good price .	chinese food	positive
the best chinese food still around and good price .	price	positive
i was looking forward to a salad and she some mexican food .	salad	positive
i was looking forward to a salad and she some mexican food .	mexican food	positive
fun atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
do n't worry if you have a long wait though .	wait	negative
love this place !	place	positive
it is white rice made to look brown by adding soy sauce .	white rice	negative
it is white rice made to look brown by adding soy sauce .	soy sauce	negative
why would n't i just order through the school then and avoid those fees ?	fees	negative
i received excellent customer service from jason at lunch today .	customer service	positive
the chicken and beef were ok , yet the lamb was literally inedible .	chicken	negative
the chicken and beef were ok , yet the lamb was literally inedible .	beef	negative
the chicken and beef were ok , yet the lamb was literally inedible .	lamb	negative
the best seafood place in town !	seafood place	positive
this restaurant lets pet dogs inside .	pet dogs	positive
they are super quick and the waiting area is comfortable .	waiting area	positive
love this place !	place	positive
avoid at all costs , .	costs	negative
this place has such a wonderful ambiance .	place	positive
this place has such a wonderful ambiance .	ambiance	positive
i 'm from southern california and know good sea food .	sea food	positive
definitely some of the best sandwiches i 've ever had .	sandwiches	positive
terrible food and awful service .	food	negative
terrible food and awful service .	service	negative
the decor makes absolutely no sense .	decor	negative
this restaurant is one of the best i have ever been to !	restaurant	positive
this place gives me the instant impression of my midwest roots small town bar .	bar	positive
we always enjoy the comedians , every time .	comedians	positive
i will gladly come back and enjoy a wonderful meal any time !	meal	positive
the fries were the only thing i ate .	fries	positive
the layout and atmosphere went along great with the food .	layout	positive
the layout and atmosphere went along great with the food .	atmosphere	positive
the layout and atmosphere went along great with the food .	food	positive
this _num_ star is truly only for the coconut curry .	coconut curry	positive
rating the golf course , horrible !	golf course	negative
the store manager norm was extremely disrespectful and rude .	store manager	negative
i got a great price and was handled quickly .	price	positive
heck , i order the mango lassi for myself it 's so good !	mango lassi	positive
ten minutes to take an order is ridiculous .	order	negative
the staff that works there is amazing as well .	staff	positive
the calamari appetizer is the best and is large enough for an entree !	calamari appetizer	positive
the calamari appetizer is the best and is large enough for an entree !	entree	positive
went for dinner and food was not good .	dinner	negative
went for dinner and food was not good .	food	negative
how is that non smoking motel _num_ !	non	positive
how is that non smoking motel _num_ !	motel _num_	positive
_num_ for two tiny cheese enchiladas .	cheese enchiladas	negative
the staff was nice and friendly .	staff	positive
you missed the delicious pizza which this town offers .	pizza	positive
excellent location to host meetings and events .	location	positive
excellent location to host meetings and events .	meetings	positive
the place is really clean , everyone was really nice .	place	positive
malts burgers and hot dogs are great here .	malts burgers	positive
malts burgers and hot dogs are great here .	hot dogs	positive
solid slices .	slices	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
the food does n't impress me , but the restaurant is very nice looking .	food	negative
the service was awful for lunch .	service	negative
the service was awful for lunch .	lunch	negative
his staff is the best .	staff	positive
sometimes the order might take awhile but it 's to make it fresh .	order	negative
the # _num_ combo and add a relleno !	#	positive
the # _num_ combo and add a relleno !	relleno	positive
personally , i would have appreciated some seasoning besides butter on my petite fillet .	butter	positive
personally , i would have appreciated some seasoning besides butter on my petite fillet .	fillet	positive
friendly cashier and superb services !	cashier	positive
friendly cashier and superb services !	services	positive
wish i tried the falafel instead .	falafel	positive
great drink prices .	drink prices	positive
ok , end of gripe .	gripe	negative
this place is the best .	place	positive
great decor and excellent waitstaff !	decor	positive
great decor and excellent waitstaff !	waitstaff	positive
i tried the yogurt soda which was disgusting .	yogurt soda	negative
if i could give this place negative stars i would .	place	negative
the cheese sauce it came with did nothing for the dish .	cheese sauce	negative
the cheese sauce it came with did nothing for the dish .	dish	negative
burgers are great also .	burgers	positive
judy was great !	judy	positive
service was good .	service	positive
i have found friendly service .	service	positive
the work they completed on the rear bumper of my car was excellent .	rear bumper	positive
mushy , short grain rice and dry chicken .	short grain rice	negative
mushy , short grain rice and dry chicken .	dry chicken	negative
even meat items had no taste .	meat items	negative
the fried combo plate is excellent .	fried combo plate	positive
my wife and i frequent this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
red white and brew !	brew	positive
wow , worse than powdered potatoes .	powdered potatoes	positive
good prices .	prices	positive
at a total of $ _num_ ( no alcohol ) we expected more .	alcohol	negative
he also orders miso soup as an appetizer .	miso soup	positive
he also orders miso soup as an appetizer .	appetizer	positive
top notch , great ladies .	ladies	positive
stupid queen .	queen	negative
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !	food	positive
absolutely fantastic latin american food .	latin american food	positive
the price and the quality is excellent .	price	positive
the price and the quality is excellent .	quality	positive
the grounds are lovely and well maintained .	grounds	positive
good job china wok , keep it up .	china wok	positive
absolute worst auto care place i 've ever been to in my life !	auto care place	negative
front desk can do only screaming and yelling after that hung up .	front desk	negative
i really enjoyed the midwest `` greasy spoon '' atmosphere !	greasy	positive
i really enjoyed the midwest `` greasy spoon '' atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
i was also impressed with friendly service .	service	positive
i asked again for waters ; nope ... .	waters	negative
frankly , turning on my phone 's hot spot is faster and cheaper .	spot	positive
the only good thing about this store is they have a starbucks !	starbucks	positive
superior quality on lenses , also .	quality on lenses	positive
i would highly recommend against patronizing this establishment .	establishment	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
loved the classes and the instructors were great .	classes	positive
loved the classes and the instructors were great .	instructors	positive
the office is clean and the staff is friendly and good .	office	positive
the office is clean and the staff is friendly and good .	staff	positive
they have great pizzas also .	pizzas	positive
the service was n't great either .	service	negative
i appreciated the quick appointment time and friendly and helpful staff !	appointment time	positive
i appreciated the quick appointment time and friendly and helpful staff !	staff	positive
i recommend anyone looking for a wedding dress to give suzanne 's a try .	wedding dress	positive
best doughnut we have had in chandler .	doughnut	positive
the apartment was very clean when we moved in and had brand new carpet !	apartment	positive
the apartment was very clean when we moved in and had brand new carpet !	carpet	positive
strike _num_ .	strike	positive
`` my drivers license is n't good enough ?	drivers license	negative
food is great and service is excellent !	food	positive
food is great and service is excellent !	service	positive
no cheese .	cheese	negative
the food was bland and flavorless .	food	negative
the teachers are awesome and help me when ever i ask .	teachers	positive
the servers are friendly , the food is awesome !	servers	positive
the servers are friendly , the food is awesome !	food	positive
great student art gallery with a good variety and ever changing selection .	student art gallery	positive
great student art gallery with a good variety and ever changing selection .	selection	positive
best care for a great cost !	cost	positive
excellent service & the atmosphere is great !	service	positive
excellent service & the atmosphere is great !	atmosphere	positive
the food is good and the drinks are even better .	food	positive
the food is good and the drinks are even better .	drinks	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
my favorite stop on way home from work .	stop	positive
three of the four plates were served cold .	plates	negative
three of the four plates were served cold .	served	negative
the grounds are gorgeous and the place really is worth it .	grounds	positive
the grounds are gorgeous and the place really is worth it .	place	positive
our server mike was really nice .	server mike	positive
$ _num_ and packed with food .	food	positive
george also has some excellent soups to try ... but try everything .	soups	positive
i 've never had a more terrible customer experience .	customer	positive
this kind of place is what makes the valley so special .	place	positive
this kind of place is what makes the valley so special .	valley	positive
awesome place .	place	positive
there is no place better than defalco 's .	place	positive
its also great as takeout .	takeout	positive
the sauce is great and the toppings are generous .	sauce	positive
the sauce is great and the toppings are generous .	toppings	positive
cute little free museum in the heart of scottsdale !	museum	positive
their workers are always helpful and kind .	workers	positive
great customer service from all employees .	customer service	positive
great customer service from all employees .	employees	positive
i just felt that the calamari was bland .	calamari	negative
sara was pleasant , and informative .	sara	positive
do yourself a favor and give this place a try !	place	positive
so , word of warning - that is how they prepare egg foo young .	egg foo	positive
minimum orders suck , but so do minimum restaurant sales .	orders	negative
we had good time playing golf there .	golf	positive
i am very pleased with the service i received and definitely recommend this location .	service	positive
i am very pleased with the service i received and definitely recommend this location .	location	positive
we tried an assortment of dishes and loved all of them .	assortment of dishes	positive
we always eat here for breakfast the food is excellent .	food	positive
the shrimp alfredo is fantastic !	shrimp alfredo	positive
we were very satisfied with our meal and the service .	meal	positive
we were very satisfied with our meal and the service .	service	positive
ambiance aside , the food is the real attraction .	ambiance	positive
ambiance aside , the food is the real attraction .	food	positive
moderately priced and great service !	priced	positive
moderately priced and great service !	service	positive
_num_ songs , and you 're not going to get called .	songs	positive
great mexican , but processed high .	mexican	positive
really not impressed with the service nor the wait times here .	service	negative
really not impressed with the service nor the wait times here .	wait times	negative
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	place	negative
very good food , decent size portions and made with care .	food	positive
very good food , decent size portions and made with care .	portions	positive
this is a fun place to go .	place	positive
_num_ dollars for a draft beer .	draft beer	positive
the food is not original or even tasty .	food	negative
the view is awesome !	view	positive
this place is my new favorite .	place	positive
after placing my order of their `` new '' bacon swiss chicken sandwich .	bacon swiss chicken sandwich	positive
great spot , will be back soon !	spot	positive
the bartender was really really rude the whole time and kept yelling at me .	bartender	negative
fun atmosphere , but a bit on the loud side .	atmosphere	positive
i went in , the place was dead .	place	negative
i highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great dental practice .	dental practice	positive
store was clean fresh and easy to find exactly what i was looking for .	store	positive
great location in scottsdale .	location	positive
had the italian beef sandwich it was amazing !	italian beef sandwich	positive
this school is ran very poorly .	school	negative
this place is awesome !	place	positive
disaster .	disaster	negative
excellent food and service .	food	positive
excellent food and service .	service	positive
frankly , it did n't add much to the `` ambience . ''	ambience	negative
i finally ate dinner here and it 's official : i am a fan !	dinner	positive
this was my first time and i was very impressed with the entire facility .	facility	positive
if i could give this restaurant zero stars i would .	restaurant	positive
when going for lunch the service is usually pretty good .	service	positive
i also left messages on the contact section of their website to no avail .	contact	negative
love this place and i will go again .	place	positive
the salmon i ordered was raw and fishy in flavor .	salmon	negative
a bit of touristy southwest heaven in old town scottsdale .	southwest heaven	positive
we booked this room for a week while our bathroom was being remodeled .	room	negative
we booked this room for a week while our bathroom was being remodeled .	bathroom	negative
the staff was friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
i should have checked out the reviews before ordering !	reviews	negative
super fast check-in .	check-in	positive
perfection .	perfection	positive
this place has amazing food at a good price .	food	positive
this place has amazing food at a good price .	price	positive
great food and service !	food	positive
great food and service !	service	positive
the chicken kabob my daughter ordered was pretty good .	chicken kabob	positive
the worst hotel experience i 've ever had in my entire life .	hotel	negative
the host staff should have been helping in other areas .	host staff	negative
the food did n't strike me as being overly fresh .	food	positive
an employee here used my credit card info _num_ weeks after i left arizona .	employee	negative
an employee here used my credit card info _num_ weeks after i left arizona .	credit	negative
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !	place	positive
excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
no sauce .	no sauce	negative
i struggled to find anything i liked about our dining experience here .	dining experience	negative
no one else was able to sing karaoke due to the long wait time .	karaoke	negative
no one else was able to sing karaoke due to the long wait time .	wait time	negative
great pizza and wings .	pizza	positive
great pizza and wings .	wings	positive
everyone in our party was happy with their meals .	meals	positive
last week we dropped off _num_ shirts and _num_ pants .	pants	negative
do not bother to order anything that is not prepared as steamed or boiled .	steamed	negative
do not bother to order anything that is not prepared as steamed or boiled .	boiled	negative
great foot rub !	foot rub	positive
most of the channels said no signal .	channels	negative
the best wings ever and i do not through `` ever '' around .	wings	positive
so on to the last entree which was a dry aged steak and shrimp .	entree	negative
so on to the last entree which was a dry aged steak and shrimp .	steak	negative
so on to the last entree which was a dry aged steak and shrimp .	shrimp	negative
fantastic food and great atmosphere - perfect for celebrating our anniversary !	food	positive
fantastic food and great atmosphere - perfect for celebrating our anniversary !	atmosphere	positive
the testing was very thorough and precise .	testing	positive
however , this particular location does not ever have anything for vegetarians .	location	positive
however , this particular location does not ever have anything for vegetarians .	vegetarians	negative
cold , slow , tasteless food .	food	negative
the food was mediocre at best .	food	negative
great food and great wine !	food	positive
great food and great wine !	wine	positive
the price is affordable for a place , groups are welcome .	price	positive
i have been enjoying their coffee and live talent since i was fifteen .	coffee	positive
i have been enjoying their coffee and live talent since i was fifteen .	live	positive
i know their rent may be high , but their prices are like stupid .	rent	negative
i know their rent may be high , but their prices are like stupid .	prices	negative
i ordered prime rib ... that , was a big mistake .	prime rib	negative
two words , chilean sea bass ... three words i guess .	chilean sea bass	positive
this is only good pizza to people who have never had good pizza .	pizza	positive
this is only good pizza to people who have never had good pizza .	pizza	positive
service excellent .	service	positive
chips and salsa , fast delicious and bottomless .	chips	positive
their website is very good as well .	website	positive
place is still awesome .	place	positive
food was decent .	food	positive
my waitress brought out what turned out to be a sirloin steak .	waitress	positive
my waitress brought out what turned out to be a sirloin steak .	sirloin steak	positive
it was the most disgusting piece of carrot cake i have ever ate .	carrot cake	negative
do yourself a favor and try other local thai restaurants .	thai	positive
but why is everything on their menu a mock of regular , meaty foods ?	menu	negative
but why is everything on their menu a mock of regular , meaty foods ?	foods	negative
still a great meal for the price .	meal	positive
still a great meal for the price .	price	positive
great place clean inside !	place	positive
love this place !	place	positive
also love their cheese plate !	cheese plate	positive
great customer service !	customer service	positive
our server was one of the worst i have ever encountered .	server	negative
great service , great quality fresh dough and ingredients .	service	positive
great service , great quality fresh dough and ingredients .	ingredients	positive
ask for joanna to do your hair , she 's the best !	hair	positive
the food is delicious !	food	positive
we stopped in here last night for dinner and were both pleasantly surprised .	dinner	positive
i love this place so much .	place	positive
no drink cart or halfway stop on white wing .	drink cart	negative
great wine selection .	wine selection	positive
other that that superb service , incredible food and amazing wine list .	service	positive
other that that superb service , incredible food and amazing wine list .	food	positive
other that that superb service , incredible food and amazing wine list .	wine list	positive
i had the mexican pizza which was cold , greasy and average .	mexican pizza	negative
service was a little slow but it was worth it .	service	negative
- _num_ minutes later his boxed up food is n't there yet .	food	negative
still even on a slow karaoke night , we had a lot of fun .	karaoke	positive
i was so happy that they put the dog park in !	dog park	positive
best korean food in the east valley !	korean food	positive
one of my favorite restaurants in south scottsdale .	restaurants	positive
the staff is always friendly and fast .	staff	positive
i 'm talking lunch here , not anything fancy .	lunch	positive
good ol ' home cooking !	home cooking	positive
i love the food here .	food	positive
i always recommend this place to friends looking for some good italian food !	italian food	positive
loved their selection and preparation of a diverse menu .	selection	positive
loved their selection and preparation of a diverse menu .	menu	positive
this is a very nice venue .	venue	positive
the biscuits were fluffy but tasted like a mix , not fresh made .	biscuits	negative
the car was not cleaned well .	car	negative
i am not a bar person at all .	bar	negative
the bun on the pork sandwich was stale beyond belief .	bun on the pork sandwich	negative
no manager came around to apologize during the whole time we were there .	manager	negative
literally watered down and tasted like nothing .	watered	negative
i rate the meal as followed .	meal	positive
the atmosphere is fun and unique .	atmosphere	positive
the service was prompt and friendly .	service	positive
in fact , the _num_ stars represent the value per dollars of the food .	food	positive
our waitress was really sweet and provided amazing service .	waitress	positive
our waitress was really sweet and provided amazing service .	service	positive
the beautiful views only made the experience that much better .	views	positive
it was the perfect spot to hang between soccer games at reach _num_ !	spot	positive
really on top of her game , offering refills when they were needed .	game	positive
great atmosphere outside .	atmosphere	positive
nice pedicure , i just wish they had more gel colors to choose from .	pedicure	positive
nice pedicure , i just wish they had more gel colors to choose from .	gel colors	positive
when we arrived here i was charged $ _num_ for a shot .	shot	negative
we drove to this bar on a recommendation from a friend .	bar	positive
the egg rolls were pretty good , i 'll admit .	egg rolls	positive
a little over priced , but the food was very good !	priced	negative
a little over priced , but the food was very good !	food	positive
the office staff insisted i pay right then and there before any treatment .	office staff	negative
i will continue to take my car rental business here .	car rental business	positive
nice to have finally had a restaurant with fantastic customer service in arizona !	customer service	positive
inside is cute and the service is good .	service	positive
customer service is superb !	customer service	positive
i had a white pizza which was super flavorful and tasty !	white pizza	positive
get some to go or elsewhere because the service here is bullshit .	service	negative
there were a ton of empty tables .	tables	negative
nice place for romantic date or any kind of dine .	dine	positive
such a wonderful establishment .	establishment	positive
the food is fantastic , the service is excellent ( thank you liz !	food	positive
the food is fantastic , the service is excellent ( thank you liz !	service	positive
between three people , we shared the top hat and dusty road sundaes .	top hat	positive
all kinds even bugs that i 've never seen before .	bugs	positive
had a really bad customer service experience there .	customer service	negative
great service and a pretty center bar to relax .	service	positive
great service and a pretty center bar to relax .	center bar	positive
she also called me sue ... not my name .	sue	negative
( i got black beans , and they were served in a bowl .	black beans	negative
( i got black beans , and they were served in a bowl .	served	negative
( i got black beans , and they were served in a bowl .	bowl	negative
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !	art	positive
the cooler has hundreds more in bottles but this place satisfies !	cooler	positive
the cooler has hundreds more in bottles but this place satisfies !	bottles	positive
the cooler has hundreds more in bottles but this place satisfies !	place	positive
everyone is kind and personable .	everyone	positive
we highly recommend this store .	store	positive
it 's unfortunate that i 'll be buying my pizza elsewhere from now on .	pizza	negative
the server was very professional and knowledgable .	server	positive
my taco salad was miserable .	taco salad	negative
this has been our go to sushi restaurant for the last _num_ years .	sushi	positive
this is a great place to buy produce .	produce	positive
sick is the only word to describe .	sick	negative
ca n't handle the heat , get out of the kitchen .	heat	negative
for darn good ny pizza , this is the place to go !	pizza	positive
awesome place .	place	positive
on my _num_ visits , i 've had _num_ different servers .	servers	positive
great quality food , a little crazy of a menu .	quality food	positive
great quality food , a little crazy of a menu .	menu	positive
excellent service and food .	service	positive
excellent service and food .	food	positive
nothing flavorful and under salted food over salted crab water .	food	negative
food was cold , no follow up by the waitress , awful service .	food	negative
food was cold , no follow up by the waitress , awful service .	waitress	negative
food was cold , no follow up by the waitress , awful service .	service	negative
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .	coupon	positive
the pricing is great , and the staff is better .	pricing	positive
the pricing is great , and the staff is better .	staff	positive
chicken tacos and cheese enchiladas are the best !	chicken tacos	positive
chicken tacos and cheese enchiladas are the best !	cheese enchiladas	positive
service was excellent , quiet and classy atmosphere .	service	positive
service was excellent , quiet and classy atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i think they should get more friendly people and work on their consistency .	people	positive
the appetizers are very delicious.	appetizers	positive
i love coming here for breakfast/brunch , especially since they serve it until 2pm .	breakfast/brunch	positive
what may have once been shabby chic is now disgusting .	shabby	negative
great service .	service	positive
very good , fresh italian food with salads that i really enjoyed .	italian food with salads	positive
service in both the bar and and the restaurant was friendly and attentive .	service	positive
service in both the bar and and the restaurant was friendly and attentive .	bar	positive
i would rather have my old carpet back .	carpet	negative
recommended a bunch of different actions we could take , chemicals , parts etc .	chemicals	positive
recommended a bunch of different actions we could take , chemicals , parts etc .	parts	positive
staff = horrible .	staff	negative
it 's dark and intimate inside with a great wine selection .	wine selection	positive
i will definitely be going back for the delicious food .	food	positive
great customer service !	customer service	positive
food was sooo delicious !	food	positive
great memorabilia exposed all over the place .	memorabilia	positive
the burger was simply not good and the server was worse .	burger	negative
the burger was simply not good and the server was worse .	server	negative
and they consistently make the very best subs in town .	subs	positive
a simple cheese crisp but made on a tortilla that stays crispy .	cheese crisp	positive
a simple cheese crisp but made on a tortilla that stays crispy .	tortilla	positive
just very dry cut up potatoes .	cut up potatoes	negative
my experience with your establishment was positive all around .	establishment	positive
there last thursday and waited _num_ minutes with no waiter .	waiter	negative
i am very impressed with all the pharmacy staff at this location .	pharmacy staff	positive
i am very impressed with all the pharmacy staff at this location .	location	positive
he tried his best but the food plain sucks .	food plain	negative
my perfect escape for the day ... .	escape	positive
if i could give dish _num_ i would .	dish _num_	positive
just moved here from new mexico , great margaritas and food !	margaritas	positive
just moved here from new mexico , great margaritas and food !	food	positive
go to the top deck and have fun !	top deck	positive
my husband 's stomach got sick after eating their spinach & artichoke dip .	spinach & artichoke dip	negative
great food , friendly people and super fast service .	food	positive
great food , friendly people and super fast service .	people	positive
great food , friendly people and super fast service .	service	positive
awesome food !	food	positive
this is the best seafood joint in town .	seafood joint	positive
the tortillas , salsa and chips tasted like they came from a grocery store .	tortillas	negative
the tortillas , salsa and chips tasted like they came from a grocery store .	salsa	negative
the hummus egg plant appetizer dip with their homemade pita bread is amazing .	hummus egg plant appetizer dip	positive
the hummus egg plant appetizer dip with their homemade pita bread is amazing .	homemade pita bread	positive
after finishing the meal , the server returned to drop the bill .	meal	negative
after finishing the meal , the server returned to drop the bill .	server	negative
after finishing the meal , the server returned to drop the bill .	bill	negative
the food comes out quick , taste bland .	food	negative
service was top notch .	service	positive
i would come here at least once a month to enjoy the food .	food	positive
but the pizzas were the best .	pizzas	positive
each individual item was quite bland .	individual item	negative
love the food here !	food	positive
this is not gourmet chinese food .	chinese food	negative
crust was flavorless and limp .	crust	negative
the worst facial ever and it was _num_ minutes long .	facial	negative
i am never going back to this place .	place	negative
very good mexican food me and my wife love this place !	mexican food	positive
very good mexican food me and my wife love this place !	place	positive
so after you order you have nothing to munch while you wait .	munch	negative
great service !	service	positive
she gave us good info on the menu .	menu	positive
top notch service !	service	positive
the food is very tasty .	food	positive
they have tasty ribs , sliders and pasta dishes to name a few .	ribs	positive
they have tasty ribs , sliders and pasta dishes to name a few .	sliders	positive
they have tasty ribs , sliders and pasta dishes to name a few .	pasta dishes	positive
he will always be our electric company in chandler !	electric	positive
got a _num_ '' to go and it was amazing .	_num_	positive
i have asked them to fix our air conditioning _num_ times now .	air conditioning	negative
another great holiday at this fantastic resort .	resort	positive
i love the location .	location	positive
$ _num_ ( myself and hubby ) before tip for a very disappointing meal .	meal	negative
food was tasty and filling .	food	positive
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	mechanics	negative
this school was a total waste of a lot of time and money .	school	negative
i was very happy with the food and service .	food	positive
i was very happy with the food and service .	service	positive
the employees are always rude and could care less about your order .	employees	negative
the flavorful and juicy meat was scrumptious .	meat	positive
sure you waited _num_ minutes for a table when you see plenty open .	table	negative
sushi _num_ was a favorite of mine but it has become completely overpriced !	sushi _num_	positive
the salsa bar had several delicious options .	salsa bar	positive
do n't recommend this place .	place	negative
the music was lovely sounded like louisiana soul singer .	music	positive
i 'll most def be back on my next trip to phx !	phx	positive
met friends here for drinks , what a beautiful resort .	drinks	positive
met friends here for drinks , what a beautiful resort .	resort	positive
however the food left a lot to be desired .	food	negative
our server made some great suggestions .	server	positive
everyone there is super nice and helpful !	everyone	positive
did i mention the other plumber charged about _num_ % less ?	plumber	negative
plus , the food was amazing and service was great !	food	positive
plus , the food was amazing and service was great !	service	positive
i love all locations , they are fair with the exchange of store credit .	locations	positive
i love all locations , they are fair with the exchange of store credit .	store credit	positive
bad customer service !	customer service	negative
they have great food and shakes .	food	positive
they have great food and shakes .	shakes	positive
golden medium wings !	medium wings	positive
luxury with the latest in technology .	technology	positive
the guitar plays beautifully and we appreciate russ ' talent in working on guitars .	guitar	positive
the guitar plays beautifully and we appreciate russ ' talent in working on guitars .	guitars	positive
the bar that truly changed the way that old town did bars !	bar	positive
the bar that truly changed the way that old town did bars !	bars	positive
best steak you 'll ever taste .	steak	positive
his office staff is also great .	office staff	positive
this is my favorite quick bite to eat in the area .	area	positive
the burritos , tacos , and nachos are all good here .	burritos	positive
the burritos , tacos , and nachos are all good here .	tacos	positive
the burritos , tacos , and nachos are all good here .	nachos	positive
good was good and well priced .	priced	positive
come for the pour alone , and stay for a nice selection of wine .	pour	positive
come for the pour alone , and stay for a nice selection of wine .	selection of wine	positive
pizza was great .	pizza	positive
we had appetizers , main course and dessert and it was absolutely excellent .	appetizers	positive
we had appetizers , main course and dessert and it was absolutely excellent .	main course	positive
we had appetizers , main course and dessert and it was absolutely excellent .	dessert	positive
- this horrible service was complimented with food that was not even that good .	service	negative
- this horrible service was complimented with food that was not even that good .	food	negative
beans and tortillas are top notch .	beans	positive
beans and tortillas are top notch .	tortillas	positive
easy and quick service was provided .	service	positive
food is consistently good .	food	positive
worst pharmacy service _num_ days in a row !	pharmacy service _num_	negative
our server had zero personality .	server	negative
true food from new mexico .	food	positive
great place to start the night out !	place	positive
consistently great service .	service	positive
i like their spicy greasy chicken from time to time .	spicy greasy chicken	positive
i absolutely love the sushi from here and the sushi bar !	sushi	positive
i absolutely love the sushi from here and the sushi bar !	sushi bar	positive
easily the best in the valley .	valley	positive
frank , the manager and now district manager was horrible to my mother .	district manager	negative
great staff !	staff	positive
the staff is great .	staff	positive
really not good food .	food	negative
not a fan .	fan	negative
thanks jay for your help and great customer service .	customer service	positive
the dinner menu is awesome with a chef 's feature nightly .	dinner menu	positive
the dinner menu is awesome with a chef 's feature nightly .	chef	positive
she was cheerful and definitely works hard to please the customer .	customer	positive
she help me try literally a dozen dresses !	dresses	positive
good vibes all around here !	vibes	positive
the burrito was ok , as were the rice and beans .	burrito	negative
the burrito was ok , as were the rice and beans .	rice and beans	negative
great place to hang out with a few friends .	place	positive
best persian food .	persian food	positive
i ordered the classic new york style pepperoni pizza with some hot wings .	pepperoni pizza	positive
i ordered the classic new york style pepperoni pizza with some hot wings .	hot wings	positive
staff is great !	staff	positive
try the honey garlic chicken , it 's fantastic .	honey garlic chicken	positive
there were only about three or four tables with customers .	tables	negative
there were only about three or four tables with customers .	customers	negative
so i believe he chose the wrong profession .	profession	negative
and the hostesses and waitresses are so friendly !	hostesses	positive
and the hostesses and waitresses are so friendly !	waitresses	positive
the pharmacy workers are all wonderful as well .	pharmacy workers	positive
great sandwich 's - great atmosphere .	sandwich	positive
great sandwich 's - great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
& ny strip steak , which was good .	strip steak	positive
service is unbelievably good here .	service	positive
i went to get extensions done by a stylist named joe .	extensions	positive
really love the taste of the food and customer service was great .	taste	positive
really love the taste of the food and customer service was great .	food	positive
really love the taste of the food and customer service was great .	customer service	positive
no self checkout lanes .	self checkout lanes	negative
oh yeah , the hotel is old , tired and run down .	hotel	negative
this is possibly the worst restaurant i have ever been in .	restaurant	negative
the noodles were overcooked and mushy .	noodles	negative
overall , pretty nice vendors & beautiful cars !	vendors	positive
overall , pretty nice vendors & beautiful cars !	cars	positive
loved this place .	place	positive
greatest pediatric dentist in town !	pediatric dentist	positive
great sports bar !	sports bar	positive
good pizza !	pizza	positive
i know where to find it -- this place !	place	positive
the food is great .	food	positive
the shoppe had nothing .	shoppe	negative
extensive menu , so there 's something for everyone .	menu	positive
the food is basic canned beans and standard rice and overpriced .	food	positive
the food is basic canned beans and standard rice and overpriced .	basic canned beans	positive
it is a hot spot for those looking for authentic , not ambience .	spot	positive
it is a hot spot for those looking for authentic , not ambience .	ambience	negative
green peppercorn shrimp and calamari has got to be the house joke .	green peppercorn shrimp and calamari	positive
green peppercorn shrimp and calamari has got to be the house joke .	house	positive
i can not recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
otherwise it 's s great venue .	venue	positive
it 's close to my home , it 's short and it 's inexpensive .	home	positive
eggs potatoes and cheese .	eggs potatoes and cheese	positive
how sad that $ _num_ million dollars was wasted !	$	negative
false claims of the shuttles to downtown .	shuttles	negative
one of the best values hidden in old town scottsdale .	values	positive
the food has been excellent though .	food	positive
and the service department is amazing .	service department	positive
long story short , the pizza is nasty and definitely not thin crust .	pizza	negative
long story short , the pizza is nasty and definitely not thin crust .	crust	negative
less than mediocre food .	food	negative
the pizza has tons of flavor with a wide variety of options .	pizza	positive
i had the orange blossom ale , which was refreshing and excellent .	orange blossom ale	positive
the service was very spotty .	service	negative
the italian sodas were always refreshing and they have so many other things .	italian sodas	positive
seriously the worst cheba hut ever .	cheba hut	negative
the vibe was n't great in there it was a very negative feeling .	vibe	negative
outstanding food !	food	positive
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	sausage	negative
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	bacon	negative
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	menu	negative
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .	humor	positive
this place is a definite must !	place	positive
( brakes , oil change , tire rotation ) .	brakes	positive
( brakes , oil change , tire rotation ) .	oil change	positive
( brakes , oil change , tire rotation ) .	tire	negative
prices were great and staff was friendly .	prices	positive
prices were great and staff was friendly .	staff	positive
the staff and doctor are amazing .	staff	positive
the staff and doctor are amazing .	doctor	positive
as usual this place is amazing .	place	positive
but it 's still one my go to places for watching games !	games	positive
the service was spot on !	service	positive
but the customer service and pizza were better than most .	customer service	positive
but the customer service and pizza were better than most .	pizza	positive
poor time management by the host .	time management	negative
there was a good balance of sauce versus bread too .	sauce	positive
there was a good balance of sauce versus bread too .	bread	positive
the manager is horrible .	manager	negative
customer service is fast and very good at this location .	customer service	positive
these people go above and beyond to make you feel at home .	people	positive
just got the best cut of my life from dustin .	cut	positive
very friendly attentive staff and great location in downtown scottsdale .	staff	positive
very friendly attentive staff and great location in downtown scottsdale .	location	positive
clean and professional office with friendly staff .	office	positive
clean and professional office with friendly staff .	staff	positive
awesome people watching .	people	positive
love love love .	love	positive
it has regularly been closed down by maricopa county dept .	maricopa	negative
great price and great work .	price	positive
it 's been many years that i have had menudo that tasted this good .	menudo	positive
professional and fun and excellent service !	service	positive
the food is great and reasonably priced .	food	positive
the food is great and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
would definitely recommend this place to everyone looking for nice persian place to eat .	persian place	positive
she proceeded to ignore us for _num_ minutes while we waited to be sat .	sat	negative
spicy scallops looked like cream corn and tasted like mayo + sriracha sauce .	spicy scallops	positive
spicy scallops looked like cream corn and tasted like mayo + sriracha sauce .	cream corn	positive
spicy scallops looked like cream corn and tasted like mayo + sriracha sauce .	mayo + sriracha sauce	positive
rotisserie chickens are not fully cooked .	rotisserie chickens	negative
great happy hour pricing and great place for a bday party .	pricing	positive
some people might like that smoky flavor , i do n't know .	flavor	negative
the restaurant is also very clean .	restaurant	positive
bathroom disgusting .	bathroom	negative
the food is great and the sandwiches are ginormous .	food	positive
the food is great and the sandwiches are ginormous .	sandwiches	positive
was surprised at how big the place is on the inside .	place	positive
hate the ambience , i 've been a few times .	ambience	negative
their california burrito is delicious .	california burrito	positive
service was not good .	service	negative
the keg is our favorite restaurant .	keg	positive
good service and affordable prices .	service	positive
good service and affordable prices .	prices	positive
with think fries and attentive service , this place is fun and delicious !	service	positive
they 're coffee and drinks are pretty delicious too .	coffee	positive
they 're coffee and drinks are pretty delicious too .	drinks	positive
i was disappointed that the menu was a limited menu because of the event .	menu	negative
i was disappointed that the menu was a limited menu because of the event .	menu	negative
absolutely no sauce , and no crust flavoring .	sauce	negative
absolutely no sauce , and no crust flavoring .	crust flavoring	negative
also , accordion player in the background is a major plus !	accordion player	positive
more beer might have saved the situation , in some way .	beer	negative
the staff here is really friendly and i like friendly people .	staff	positive
the staff here is really friendly and i like friendly people .	people	positive
this is a great place .	place	positive
change your name if you do n't even have the british open on !	british open	negative
my friend ordered two sushi rolls that tasted fine but they fell apart .	sushi rolls	negative
i understand i was upside down on my vehicle , but this was ridiculous .	vehicle	negative
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !	wait staff	positive
unfortunately the people running villa deli lost it a long time ago .	people	negative
unfortunately the people running villa deli lost it a long time ago .	villa	negative
that was supposed to be my first course .	course	negative
i still hit this place any time i can .	place	positive
we go to the desert ridge location and always have amazing service and food .	location	positive
we go to the desert ridge location and always have amazing service and food .	service	positive
we go to the desert ridge location and always have amazing service and food .	food	positive
their chorizo has good flavor without being too hot .	chorizo	positive
their chorizo has good flavor without being too hot .	flavor	positive
it was very nice atmosphere , service , drink and food .	atmosphere	positive
it was very nice atmosphere , service , drink and food .	service	positive
it was very nice atmosphere , service , drink and food .	drink	positive
it was very nice atmosphere , service , drink and food .	food	positive
so definitely expect a wait .	wait	negative
i live in the area and enjoy having dinner here .	dinner	positive
even once we were seated the food was just mediocre at best .	food	negative
the servers and the sushi chefs are warm and friendly .	servers	positive
the servers and the sushi chefs are warm and friendly .	sushi chefs	positive
jay -- -- the manager , was here tonight and a total douche .	manager	negative
they 're in my neighborhood and have earned a loyal customer today .	customer	positive
one of my favorite patios to be on on a warm sunny day .	patios	positive
excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
this banquet hall does n't refund any money for any reason .	banquet hall	negative
a classic in phoenix - great decor ; excellent food with service to match .	decor	positive
a classic in phoenix - great decor ; excellent food with service to match .	food	positive
a classic in phoenix - great decor ; excellent food with service to match .	service	positive
this was a nice place !	place	positive
service so friendly and genuine .	service	positive
delicious food .	food	positive
it is dive bar style , but for what it is it 's great .	dive bar style	positive
nice patio to sit and eat breakfast .	patio	positive
nice patio to sit and eat breakfast .	breakfast	positive
if you value your safety stay far away from this place !	place	negative
but the food ... the food was unbelievably delicious .	food	positive
i am always treated well and they care about their patients .	patients	positive
we felt the wait staff was not just busy , they were quite lax .	wait staff	negative
my moms personal pizza ended up to be $ _num_ .	personal pizza	positive
after that , was served _num_ bottled beers and ( delicious ) tacos .	served	positive
after that , was served _num_ bottled beers and ( delicious ) tacos .	bottled beers	positive
after that , was served _num_ bottled beers and ( delicious ) tacos .	tacos	positive
the food was delicious .	food	positive
nice atmosphere and reasonable prices .	atmosphere	positive
nice atmosphere and reasonable prices .	prices	positive
never had that kind of reaction before going to this dry cleaners .	dry cleaners	positive
not comfortable and kind of ridiculous given the number of people waiting .	waiting	negative
service was friendly and fast .	service	positive
a very friendly staff provided good service .	staff	positive
a very friendly staff provided good service .	service	positive
it is the best item on the menu .	menu	positive
first off , the masseuse reeked of garlic ; the smell was overwhelming .	masseuse	negative
first off , the masseuse reeked of garlic ; the smell was overwhelming .	garlic	negative
first off , the masseuse reeked of garlic ; the smell was overwhelming .	smell	negative
just the right amount of sauce and toppings .	sauce	positive
just the right amount of sauce and toppings .	toppings	positive
i highly recommend dining in as the atmosphere inside is warm and welcoming .	dining	positive
i highly recommend dining in as the atmosphere inside is warm and welcoming .	atmosphere	positive
the bald bartender dude was very cool .	bartender dude	positive
everything was great , and the service was top notch !	service	positive
modern looking and clean gym .	gym	positive
the owner is so rude !	owner	negative
terrible delays .	delays	negative
restaurant is very pretty and very clean !	restaurant	positive
thanks staff at palm glen for making us and our pets feel welcome .	staff	positive
thanks staff at palm glen for making us and our pets feel welcome .	pets	positive
our waitress was very friendly and sweet .	waitress	positive
the food was very good ; all fresh and flavorful .	food	positive
great meat market and bakery !	meat market	positive
great meat market and bakery !	bakery	positive
forgot _num_ of our dishes when our food arrived .	dishes	negative
great service .	service	positive
week _num_ ) why you ask ?	week	positive
no bathrooms !	bathrooms	negative
its a true saloon .	saloon	positive
still one off my favorite places to eat .	places	positive
i said no and that i wo n't send food back .	food	negative
my wife ordered a bowl of clam chowder and a small salad .	bowl of clam chowder	positive
my wife ordered a bowl of clam chowder and a small salad .	salad	positive
large seating area , super friendly staff and great decor .	seating area	positive
large seating area , super friendly staff and great decor .	staff	positive
large seating area , super friendly staff and great decor .	decor	positive
the calamari was amazing .	calamari	positive
too pricey for average food .	food	negative
recently ordered a meal from my location for a christmas party .	meal	positive
recently ordered a meal from my location for a christmas party .	location	positive
recently ordered a meal from my location for a christmas party .	christmas	positive
great guy !	guy	positive
well , it 's starbucks .	starbucks	positive
she then offered to take half off the pizza .	pizza	positive
great place to hang out .	place	positive
his steak has always been amazing , they are very consistent .	steak	positive
love the meatball pizza , simply delicious !	meatball pizza	positive
they have excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
i can not get a consistent haircut from these folks .	haircut	negative
beware the dinner salads are big enough to feed two .	dinner salads	negative
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .	flavors	positive
just got a royal oreo blizzard .	royal oreo blizzard	positive
the waitress said it was n't .	waitress	negative
intimate setting , great for a date night .	setting	positive
the enchiladas were okay , but the rice was dismal .	enchiladas	positive
the enchiladas were okay , but the rice was dismal .	rice	negative
love kona grill !	kona grill	positive
there is no excuse that the truck was not there .	truck	negative
great restaurant and a great place to celebrate your birthday !	restaurant	positive
great restaurant and a great place to celebrate your birthday !	place	positive
the place is packed every morning .	place	negative
the memorabilia is amazing .	memorabilia	positive
the garage cans were overflowing and it was n't clean .	garage cans	negative
family ran and very friendly .	family	positive
prices are good .	prices	positive
good margaritas , chips and salsa and steak tacos .	margaritas	positive
good margaritas , chips and salsa and steak tacos .	chips and salsa	positive
good margaritas , chips and salsa and steak tacos .	steak tacos	positive
next husband i have , is getting a wedding band from this store .	wedding band	positive
i got a great pedicure and will go back .	pedicure	positive
food is great .	food	positive
an added benefit is having the lab `` in house '' .	lab	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
the side of mixed vegetables tasted of freezer burn .	side of mixed vegetables	negative
the side of mixed vegetables tasted of freezer burn .	freezer	negative
the plate also came with delicious potatoes and fresh fruit .	plate	positive
the plate also came with delicious potatoes and fresh fruit .	potatoes	positive
the plate also came with delicious potatoes and fresh fruit .	fresh fruit	positive
fast service .	service	positive
their pepper steak is good and they have great fried shrimp .	pepper steak	positive
their pepper steak is good and they have great fried shrimp .	fried shrimp	positive
the staff was all so nice .	staff	positive
love the steaks here !	steaks	positive
i would highly recommend their services !	services	positive
this is not how you treat customers .	customers	negative
servers are amazing and food is delicious !	servers	positive
servers are amazing and food is delicious !	food	positive
not a fan .	fan	negative
the lunch specials are n't so bad ... .	lunch specials	positive
cocktail was so bad we had to send it back .	cocktail	negative
the food is good , but not great .	food	positive
the staff was friendly and speedy , i will definitely be back .	staff	positive
this theater is a disaster for acoustics .	theater	negative
this theater is a disaster for acoustics .	acoustics	negative
they obviously have zero concern for customer satisfaction or service .	customer satisfaction	negative
they obviously have zero concern for customer satisfaction or service .	service	negative
great food and friendly people !	food	positive
the we split the layered enchilada .	layered enchilada	positive
our server asked two people to make our drinks .	server	negative
our server asked two people to make our drinks .	drinks	negative
sunday brunch was a huge disappointment .	sunday brunch	negative
wife loves this place .	place	positive
the customer service here sucks .	customer service	negative
they also frequently have bbq 's which is a treat .	bbq 's	positive
the service here is always excellent .	service	positive
the red enchilada sauce tastes generic and too heavy .	red enchilada sauce	negative
this is a school for people that can not get into a real university .	school	negative
our waitress denise was quite a character , we liked her service a lot .	waitress	positive
our waitress denise was quite a character , we liked her service a lot .	service	positive
the beer here is super water down .	beer	positive
our appetizers ( crab cakes and steamed mussels ) were great , as usual .	appetizers	positive
our appetizers ( crab cakes and steamed mussels ) were great , as usual .	crab cakes	positive
our appetizers ( crab cakes and steamed mussels ) were great , as usual .	steamed mussels	positive
many bands sound somewhat marginal there because the acoustics are just not very good .	acoustics	negative
i would recommend this place to anybody !	place	positive
food is great .	food	positive
truly one of the best restaurants the phoenix area has to offer .	restaurants	positive
our friend suggested for our foodie day and we all were pleased .	foodie	positive
the driver could n't get into my gate with my code .	driver	negative
the driver could n't get into my gate with my code .	gate	negative
the cannoli 's are delicious .	cannoli 's	positive
she is the only reason i am not rating this business _num_ stars .	business	negative
this place is just ... ick .	place	positive
i said no , and asked again to just take them off the bill .	bill	negative
the food is fantastic , can not wait to return .	food	positive
what a treat this restaurant is !	restaurant	positive
they let you sample their beer so you can make sure you like it .	beer	positive
the associates program is no longer an option .	associates program	negative
i love their margaritas !	margaritas	positive
very helpful friendly service .	service	positive
we left the meal feeling gross .	meal	negative
awesome bar !	bar	positive
they came with seasoned salt on them and were just amazing .	seasoned salt	positive
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .	sea food	positive
this place is not like any other in the state .	place	negative
great corned beef hash and delicious pancakes .	corned beef hash	positive
great corned beef hash and delicious pancakes .	pancakes	positive
this includes two entrees , a pitcher of sangria , and an appetizer .	entrees	positive
this includes two entrees , a pitcher of sangria , and an appetizer .	pitcher of sangria	positive
this includes two entrees , a pitcher of sangria , and an appetizer .	appetizer	positive
so while their service sucked , the donuts looked pretty good .	service	negative
so while their service sucked , the donuts looked pretty good .	donuts	positive
great food great service and as always great wings !	food	positive
great food great service and as always great wings !	service	positive
great food great service and as always great wings !	wings	positive
most of the items looked like they had been sitting out for a while .	items	negative
this place had awesome reviews and overall the whole family was pretty happy .	place	positive
celebrated a friends birthday and she received a complimentary dessert which we all shared .	dessert	positive
the miso soup was very below average .	miso soup	negative
will definitely be ordering more cakes from them !	cakes	negative
we then could n't get our bill for anything .	bill	negative
such a cute and quaint ice cream place !	ice cream place	positive
horrible for the price , a huge disappointment .	price	negative
the prices were fair , and i liked the `` free '' install .	prices	positive
the prices were fair , and i liked the `` free '' install .	install	positive
we enter the laptop area and walked past five employees .	laptop area	negative
we enter the laptop area and walked past five employees .	employees	negative
some of the worst service i 've ever received .	service	negative
great for fast food .	fast food	positive
the staff here is absolutely wonderful and caring !	staff	positive
great place for holiday decor .	holiday decor	positive
it was turkey lunch meat and the bread was stale .	turkey lunch meat	negative
it was turkey lunch meat and the bread was stale .	bread	negative
but it did all taste great ( the sodium definitely played a part ) .	sodium	positive
the food is very good too .	food	positive
if there was only an option for zero stars !	stars	negative
love this place .	place	positive
soggy and bland tacos .	tacos	negative
horrible service over _num_ minutes to get our food once we were seated .	service	negative
horrible service over _num_ minutes to get our food once we were seated .	food	negative
not good customer service .	customer service	negative
fun & friendly neighborhood wine bar .	neighborhood wine bar	positive
the other servers walked past us as if we were invisible .	servers	negative
good people at this place , family operated .	people	positive
always great service and food .	service	positive
always great service and food .	food	positive
i think the food is worth it .	food	positive
crap over priced education .	education	negative
i didnt think anything was great about the place .	place	negative
incredible dinner and presentation !	dinner	positive
incredible dinner and presentation !	presentation	positive
the service was great and the food was as well .	service	positive
the service was great and the food was as well .	food	positive
the worst part was the people that were there .	people	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .	customer	positive
heck , even the pizza is decent .	pizza	positive
the staff here are fantastic .	staff	positive
i am disappointed in this aaa service .	aaa service	negative
avoid this place unless you like being ripped off .	place	negative
price is great for the service !	price	positive
price is great for the service !	service	positive
the best local italian deli in scottsdale .	local italian deli	positive
wow -- what a poor business on customer service and follow-up !	customer service	negative
i would definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
the office ladies are nice and work space is immaculately clean .	office ladies	positive
the office ladies are nice and work space is immaculately clean .	work space	positive
great food , great service , awesome slaw !	food	positive
great food , great service , awesome slaw !	service	positive
there are way better places around for thai or asian food .	thai	negative
there are way better places around for thai or asian food .	asian food	negative
the snack and water in the boat is super affordable unlike other boat rides .	snack	positive
the snack and water in the boat is super affordable unlike other boat rides .	water	positive
a good place to go !	place	positive
no pride in workmanship and no pride in selling an as advertised product .	workmanship	negative
no pride in workmanship and no pride in selling an as advertised product .	product	negative
also it was not readily visible to customers entering the premises .	premises	negative
made me feel comfortable and finished the job early !	job	positive
my favorite place to get coffee !	coffee	positive
these guys lost a customer today .	customer	negative
walked in and was immediately greeted and the food is wonderful !	food	positive
treat yourself if you have not been to this wonderful caf !	caf	positive
everyone at the salon is super nice and helpful .	salon	positive
these guys are awesome !	guys	positive
walked in and smells like urine really bad .	urine	negative
based on that time only , i would give this place a _num_ .	place	positive
we always recommend it to our visitors .	visitors	positive
i am not sure if they treat everyone this way or just women .	women	negative
love love love james elliot jewelry !	james elliot jewelry	positive
first , parking is a nightmare .	parking	negative
good job guys .	guys	positive
it 's simply one of the best places in town .	places	positive
had a great time at this bar !	bar	positive
they should have left out the onions .	onions	negative
really good pizza !	pizza	positive
the sausage is especially good .	sausage	positive
very nice room .	room	positive
murphy roll is a warm roll that is definitely worth trying .	murphy roll	positive
murphy roll is a warm roll that is definitely worth trying .	roll	positive
there is no better deal when it comes to quality cuts valley wide .	quality	positive
those health care employees need to spend some time cleaning up the hospital .	health	negative
those health care employees need to spend some time cleaning up the hospital .	employees	negative
very clean , friendly staff , and affordable .	staff	positive
wonderful environment .	environment	positive
however the prices are n't that cheap .	prices	negative
and jeff does n't work there anymore .	jeff	negative
gary ca n't stand behind his warranty or his work .	warranty	negative
gary ca n't stand behind his warranty or his work .	work	negative
mickey is the best !	mickey	positive
service is pretty good .	service	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
as a professional traveler , this place is top of the pops .	place	positive
the rooms are clean and spacious , and the bed is quite comfy !	rooms	positive
the rooms are clean and spacious , and the bed is quite comfy !	bed	positive
way to stay in touch with your audience .	audience	positive
the staff was super friendly and welcoming .	staff	positive
i live in n. scottsdale and the service is always impeccable !	service	positive
absolute garbage .	garbage	negative
even though the sandwiches were delicious , we are hesitant to return .	sandwiches	positive
then i notice that i only have half my order of grape leaves .	order of grape leaves	negative
ca n't beat the price though .	price	positive
even in the room , i still could hear the music .	room	negative
even in the room , i still could hear the music .	music	negative
price are a little high .	price	negative
we ordered the shrimp cocktail appetizer and the shrimp were big and fresh .	shrimp cocktail appetizer	positive
and only cleared my plate we were clearly both done .	plate	negative
total brunch fail .	brunch	negative
the waiter apparently did n't like the tip our host gave him .	waiter	negative
the waiter apparently did n't like the tip our host gave him .	host	negative
i highly recommend this company and especially josh !	company	positive
beef tacos are the best .	beef tacos	positive
i tried several different steaks and was sorely disappointed every time .	steaks	negative
good wings and pretty good building too .	wings	positive
good wings and pretty good building too .	building	positive
actually went there two days in a row i love the place so much .	place	positive
the atmosphere was beautiful .	atmosphere	positive
food and service have consistently been very good .	food	positive
food and service have consistently been very good .	service	positive
i ordered the eggs benedict , and my friend ordered chocolate chip pancakes .	eggs benedict	positive
i ordered the eggs benedict , and my friend ordered chocolate chip pancakes .	chocolate chip pancakes	positive
just moved for a short time to az .	az	positive
seriously good food .	food	positive
i 'm a big fan of pei wei and this locations meets my expectations .	locations	positive
love this place , food is amazing !	place	positive
love this place , food is amazing !	food	positive
i was drunk and i loved the white pizza with spinach .	white pizza with spinach	positive
a must for anyone who loves sports and steak !	sports	positive
a must for anyone who loves sports and steak !	steak	positive
looking for a romantic dining experience with below average food ?	dining experience	positive
looking for a romantic dining experience with below average food ?	food	negative
nobody standing in the lobby like normal and no wait .	wait	positive
perfect atmosphere for western style bar and grill .	atmosphere	positive
perfect atmosphere for western style bar and grill .	bar	positive
perfect atmosphere for western style bar and grill .	grill	positive
this place rocks .	place	positive
breakfast menu is terrible .	breakfast menu	negative
they have great finds and the staff is very friendly .	finds	positive
they have great finds and the staff is very friendly .	staff	positive
i went on to the register and left her talking .	register	negative
the food and service are excellent and the atmosphere is calm and relaxing .	food	positive
the food and service are excellent and the atmosphere is calm and relaxing .	service	positive
the food and service are excellent and the atmosphere is calm and relaxing .	atmosphere	positive
this is a large store , clean and well lit .	store	positive
love this place !	place	positive
took over _num_ mins to get _num_ burgers , and fries .	fries	negative
he is guaranteed to entertain you through the entire dining experience .	dining experience	positive
they have a wide variety of choices from drink to food .	drink	positive
they have a wide variety of choices from drink to food .	food	positive
service was great too !	service	positive
never did try the ice cream or food because we left .	ice cream	positive
never did try the ice cream or food because we left .	food	positive
this office is horrible !	office	negative
sorely disappointed in four peaks ' brunch .	brunch	negative
i love this bookstore .	bookstore	positive
the service is definetly not so hot .	service	negative
their food tastes amazing , the prices are fair and the service is good .	food	positive
their food tastes amazing , the prices are fair and the service is good .	prices	positive
their food tastes amazing , the prices are fair and the service is good .	service	positive
the other day i ordered _num_ strawberry pancakes .	strawberry pancakes	positive
the tempura was awful .	tempura	negative
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
very attentive to the kids in our party .	kids	positive
i had the filet which was one of the best i 've recently had .	filet	positive
overall , the place was really bad .	place	negative
the price is a bit on the higher side , but well worth it .	price	negative
they are the worst management company i have even dealt with .	management company	negative
yeah this place sucked .	place	negative
my chicken was cold and i asked for vinaigrette not cesar dressing .	chicken	negative
my chicken was cold and i asked for vinaigrette not cesar dressing .	vinaigrette	negative
my chicken was cold and i asked for vinaigrette not cesar dressing .	cesar dressing	negative
the best dessert i 've ever had !	dessert	positive
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !	octopus sashimi	positive
always great service , and good food .	service	positive
always great service , and good food .	food	positive
great location .	location	positive
needless to say never visiting this office again .	office	negative
safe to say i will b paying them off and finding a nicer dentist .	dentist	positive
she did n't even look at me and said their are napkins right there .	are napkins	negative
best quality fish in the valley !	fish	positive
love love love this place .	place	positive
after a few slices i wished i had had more of the salad bar .	salad bar	positive
our hotel , and our friends suggested this as the spot for breakfast .	hotel	positive
our hotel , and our friends suggested this as the spot for breakfast .	spot	positive
our hotel , and our friends suggested this as the spot for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
excellent selection of beers from the area .	selection of beers	positive
there was no wait here on a wednesday night around 7:30 !	wait	positive
i used this dental shop for over a year .	dental shop	positive
the crust is not new york style , it 's just regular hand tossed .	crust	negative
they are a class act all the way .	class	positive
definitely recommend this dress shop in old town !	dress shop	positive
lots of unique flavors and the mac and cheese is a must !	flavors	positive
lots of unique flavors and the mac and cheese is a must !	mac and cheese	positive
scottsdale has to be the best vacation spot in america .	vacation spot	positive
the salsa is n't so bad either .	salsa	negative
the establishment is nice , they people are nice .	establishment	positive
the establishment is nice , they people are nice .	people	positive
casual place , attentive service and the food i felt was a good value .	place	positive
casual place , attentive service and the food i felt was a good value .	service	positive
casual place , attentive service and the food i felt was a good value .	food	positive
i would not order the pizza based on those facts .	pizza	negative
the front desk folks were nice and efficient .	front desk folks	positive
they told him he had no insurance and needed to pay $ _num_ .	insurance	negative
the filet mignon that we got was very fatty .	filet mignon	negative
i recommend the salmon volcano roll if you are on a date .	salmon volcano roll	positive
thanks patricia .	patricia	positive
i love their red chile .	red chile	positive
the table was not wiped , and had crusty dried food spots on it .	table	negative
the table was not wiped , and had crusty dried food spots on it .	food	negative
the new mexican pot stickers are very excellent and well worth trying .	new mexican pot stickers	positive
such delicious and special little treats , and the dates are fantastic !	treats	positive
such delicious and special little treats , and the dates are fantastic !	dates	positive
there were _num_ young men behind the counter .	counter	negative
we walked the entire amusement park in two minutes .	amusement park	positive
extremely upsetting dinner .	dinner	negative
great choice for lunch or dinner .	lunch	positive
great choice for lunch or dinner .	dinner	positive
my only problem , small case if food poisoning .	food	negative
overall the whole place looked very worn and dirty .	place	negative
the prices are even better !	prices	positive
excellent customer service !	customer service	positive
it 's a real treat .	treat	positive
stetson salad !	stetson salad	positive
the delicious little rolls and muffins started this meal off right !	rolls and muffins	positive
the delicious little rolls and muffins started this meal off right !	meal	positive
i love the slices !	slices	positive
the food here is uninspired , bland , and borderline gross .	food	negative
throughout the course of our meal , i think four servers served us .	servers served	negative
excellent food .	food	positive
delicious food !	food	positive
love this place !	place	positive
great pasta dishes , as well as sandwiches & soups .	pasta dishes	positive
great pasta dishes , as well as sandwiches & soups .	sandwiches	positive
great pasta dishes , as well as sandwiches & soups .	soups	positive
the staff is always friendly and cheerful .	staff	positive
i had the meatloaf and the brown tomato gravy on top was fantastic .	meatloaf	positive
i had the meatloaf and the brown tomato gravy on top was fantastic .	brown tomato gravy	positive
the school is n't bad unless you need something from them .	school	positive
i would honestly choose zero stars if i could .	stars	negative
waiter was good .	waiter	positive
interesting food combinations that definitely please the taste buds .	food combinations	positive
the service is what i always return for .	service	positive
no apology , no grace or consideration .	consideration	negative
good ice cream , and a fun arcade in the back .	ice cream	positive
good ice cream , and a fun arcade in the back .	arcade	positive
every time i have gone in , i see customers frustrated with the pumps .	customers	negative
every time i have gone in , i see customers frustrated with the pumps .	pumps	negative
the girl bar is beautiful and we are enjoying paint nite !	girl bar	positive
the worst company ever !	company	negative
an excellent cut of meat well prepared and melts in your mouth .	cut of meat	positive
pizza as good as it gets .	pizza	positive
if i could have a negative star i would !	star	negative
however now i regret eating here seeing as the food and service were awful .	food	negative
however now i regret eating here seeing as the food and service were awful .	service	negative
great family owned business and fantastic food .	food	positive
my son loved it with his boots and hat and cowboy gun .	boots	positive
my son loved it with his boots and hat and cowboy gun .	hat	positive
my son loved it with his boots and hat and cowboy gun .	cowboy gun	positive
the bartender is the best you will find .	bartender	positive
white trash people you now have another gathering spot besides the greyhound bus terminals .	spot	negative
keep up the good work !	work	positive
very classy thai restaurant .	thai restaurant	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
great bar during spring training .	bar	positive
during the week , the staff is always super friendly & helpful .	staff	positive
food is fantastic and service is outstanding .	food	positive
food is fantastic and service is outstanding .	service	positive
best lunch in town : their large italian sub with chips and a drink .	lunch	positive
best lunch in town : their large italian sub with chips and a drink .	italian sub	positive
best lunch in town : their large italian sub with chips and a drink .	chips	positive
best lunch in town : their large italian sub with chips and a drink .	drink	positive
all he said was no and i had closed the chat window .	chat window	negative
the most beautiful atmosphere in phoenix .	atmosphere	positive
the next thing is the drink prices which are typically lousy for phoenix shows .	drink prices	negative
the wings and onions rings are always good too .	wings	positive
the wings and onions rings are always good too .	onions rings	positive
only thing crazy about this place was the guy outside the front door .	front door	negative
great food , you never know who you might run into their .	food	positive
we will not be using this location again .	location	negative
thanks for the great service .	service	positive
the crepes are sooo good and the bacon !	crepes	positive
the crepes are sooo good and the bacon !	bacon	positive
unfortunately , our experience with the food here was poor .	food	negative
plenty of food , and very good .	food	positive
ambiance was great .	ambiance	positive
the staff there is friendly , helpful , and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
very courteous , friendly and hardworking people .	people	positive
very good italian food great happy hour .	italian food	positive
for above and beyond service , its chandler auto body .	service	positive
for above and beyond service , its chandler auto body .	chandler auto body	positive
by the way , matt is a great and professional server !	server	positive
the winter beer festival was just ok .	winter beer festival	negative
try their chile relleno , they are super !	chile relleno	positive
i love their banana pancakes and my husband always enjoys his omelet of choice .	banana pancakes	positive
i love their banana pancakes and my husband always enjoys his omelet of choice .	omelet	positive
1st pot of coffee i got was cold .	pot of coffee	negative
this place is a treasure .	place	positive
great physician that listens to your concerns .	physician	positive
my prime rib is always so good .	prime rib	positive
the stunning mountain views and landscaping .	mountain views	positive
the stunning mountain views and landscaping .	landscaping	positive
decent food , but $ _num_ per person ?	food	positive
my mother recommended this place and she was right on .	place	positive
i spent a lot of money and was disappointed with the entertainment .	entertainment	negative
the prices are reasonable and the talent is tru ... .	prices	positive
it 's the freshest chinese food i 've seen or had in ages !	chinese food	positive
good selection to choose from as well .	selection	positive
i was left waiting in the store for almost half an hour .	waiting	negative
did n't understand that episode .	episode	negative
i 'm very surprised to see these guys do n't have a higher rating .	rating	negative
very average , not great flavor , but not bad .	flavor	negative
best mexican food we tried on our trip to phoenix .	mexican food	positive
so my wife and i had tickets to the 10pm show this past saturday .	tickets	positive
a lil bit hard to find but this is my new favorite pizza place !	pizza	positive
and btw , the place was very clean and our waitress was excellent !	place	positive
and btw , the place was very clean and our waitress was excellent !	waitress	positive
the taste was not anything out of this world like i expected .	taste	negative
it was `` regular '' waffle and not belgian which was great !	waffle	positive
the food was pretty good as was the service .	food	positive
the food was pretty good as was the service .	service	positive
this place is very interesting .	place	positive
it was our first time there with my fiance and the service was horrid .	service	negative
tried breakfast here and was quite disappointed .	breakfast	negative
i definitely recommend this place for good sushi .	sushi	positive
pasta is also a great choice .	pasta	positive
all were delicious and had generous portions .	portions	positive
avoid this place at all costs .	place	negative
the burros are mouthwatering and the chimichangas are big and juicy !	burros	positive
the burros are mouthwatering and the chimichangas are big and juicy !	chimichangas	positive
_num_ of us ate lunch there yesterday .	lunch	positive
bleh , sorry denny 's but i 'm not a fan .	denny	negative
decor is modern asian .	decor	positive
there is a host to show you around the spa .	spa	positive
the egg drop soup smelled like a wet dog and looked pretty gross too .	egg drop soup	negative
not the restaurants problem but it was a sign .	restaurants problem	negative
this place is horrible - go somewhere else .	place	negative
i highly recommend going here to anyone wanting a nice meal while in scottsdale .	meal	positive
the food was okay but expensive at least the oj was awesome .	food	positive
the food was okay but expensive at least the oj was awesome .	oj	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
i have never had such terrible service as we received at this place .	service	positive
very nice nail techs .	nail techs	positive
really really good bloody mary 's along really good food and service .	food	positive
really really good bloody mary 's along really good food and service .	service	positive
sometimes ordering from across the country leaves you just guessing and unsure .	ordering	negative
love love this place !	place	positive
i ordered the shrimp tacos and they were definitely delicious !	shrimp tacos	positive
great job !	job	positive
i also recommend the crispy spicy tuna and seared tuna .	crispy spicy tuna	positive
i also recommend the crispy spicy tuna and seared tuna .	seared tuna	positive
honestly , i do n't mind the extremely expensive drinks at all .	drinks	negative
great selection , nice staff .	selection	positive
great selection , nice staff .	staff	positive
they have good pizza and they deliver !	pizza	positive
at the end of our meal , a manager died up .	meal	negative
at the end of our meal , a manager died up .	manager	negative
where she thinks i was hiding a dog , i 'll never know .	dog	negative
a great place for a special night out .	night	positive
the selection is diverse and the staff was very helpful .	selection	positive
the selection is diverse and the staff was very helpful .	staff	positive
the service sucked again .	service	negative
service was incredible , room service was great and i really enjoy the updates .	service	positive
service was incredible , room service was great and i really enjoy the updates .	room service	positive
avoid this place at all cost .	cost	negative
food was delicious , nice part of town in the arts district .	food	positive
food was delicious , nice part of town in the arts district .	arts	positive
... the food is delicious !	food	positive
so i found this little market place serving mediterranean food .	mediterranean food	positive
the service was slow for a monday night !	service	negative
the meal is supposed to come with a small salad and garlic bread .	meal	positive
the meal is supposed to come with a small salad and garlic bread .	salad	positive
the meal is supposed to come with a small salad and garlic bread .	garlic bread	positive
i love this company !	company	positive
the meat tasted strange and i thought someone has put soap in my mouth .	meat	negative
i found the hotel staff to be very helpful and accommodating .	hotel staff	positive
great grocery and wine selection too .	grocery	positive
great grocery and wine selection too .	wine selection	positive
generally speaking , the hotel is `` ok '' .	hotel	positive
they get some really good deal on fruits and they are never the same .	fruits	positive
if i rated the italian food from 1-10 , it might get a _num_ .	italian food	positive
( steak on risotto cake , so good ! )	steak on risotto cake	positive
their chicken salad is my favorite thing and their teriyaki chicken was delicious .	chicken salad	positive
their chicken salad is my favorite thing and their teriyaki chicken was delicious .	teriyaki chicken	positive
highly recommend the fish tacos , steak or salmon .	fish tacos	positive
highly recommend the fish tacos , steak or salmon .	steak	positive
highly recommend the fish tacos , steak or salmon .	salmon	positive
great posole - and the kids love their bean and cheese burritos .	posole	positive
great posole - and the kids love their bean and cheese burritos .	bean and cheese burritos	positive
great little bar ... .	bar	positive
i had the sashimi and a roll and i regret it .	sashimi	negative
i had the sashimi and a roll and i regret it .	roll	negative
fast service and good hours .	service	positive
the worst part was the service .	service	negative
the loose leaf tea is great .	loose leaf tea	positive
pastor is very energetic .	pastor	positive
he is an embarrassment to all of us who work in guest services .	guest services	negative
however , the portions were very small .	portions	negative
good ole fashion diner breakfast , brunch and lunch .	breakfast	positive
good ole fashion diner breakfast , brunch and lunch .	brunch	positive
good ole fashion diner breakfast , brunch and lunch .	lunch	positive
fills up on big game days .	game days	negative
i recommend this place for the food and service .	food	positive
i recommend this place for the food and service .	service	positive
nice patio to sit .	patio	positive
i found the beer menu surprisingly limited and uninspired .	beer menu	negative
`` really good food .	food	positive
their salad bar is extensive and the food is fresh .	salad bar	positive
their salad bar is extensive and the food is fresh .	food	positive
bandera is amazing .	bandera	positive
the band was super entertaining as well as the crowd .	band	positive
the band was super entertaining as well as the crowd .	crowd	positive
always fun to shop with you !	shop	positive
this place had the rudest customer service , it was horrible !	customer service	negative
the atmosphere is extremely nice inside .	atmosphere	positive
the cheese they use on the cheesesteak really makes it .	cheese	positive
the cheese they use on the cheesesteak really makes it .	cheesesteak	positive
papago 's own brews are fantastic .	papago	positive
papago 's own brews are fantastic .	brews	positive
we received prompt service .	service	positive
service is always wonderful , even the waitress in training was great !	service	positive
service is always wonderful , even the waitress in training was great !	waitress	positive
the bagel sandwich was warm and tasted good and a little overpriced .	bagel sandwich	positive
even with a reservation , you have to wait _num_ minutes to get seated .	reservation	negative
very happy with the results .	results	positive
i went here because my favorite pho soup restaurant was closed .	pho soup restaurant	negative
service is friendly and the atmosphere is casual .	service	positive
service is friendly and the atmosphere is casual .	atmosphere	positive
there are two long disgusting hairs in my burger .	burger	negative
this place is great !	place	positive
appointments are easy to make and hours are convenient .	appointments	positive
appointments are easy to make and hours are convenient .	hours	positive
the prices are great .	prices	positive
every dish was flavorless .	dish	negative
from the appetizer , dinner , dessert and fabulous wine .	appetizer	positive
from the appetizer , dinner , dessert and fabulous wine .	dinner	positive
from the appetizer , dinner , dessert and fabulous wine .	dessert	positive
from the appetizer , dinner , dessert and fabulous wine .	wine	positive
ugh , i 'm done with this place .	place	negative
friendly helpful staff , relaxing vibe .	staff	positive
friendly helpful staff , relaxing vibe .	vibe	positive
by contrast the bar lounge area was rather busy .	bar lounge area	negative
tiny did my hair and abby did my nails .	hair	negative
tiny did my hair and abby did my nails .	abby	positive
pork ribs perfectly done .	pork ribs	positive
a little customer service goes a long way .	customer service	positive
absolutely love this place .	place	positive
great garlic mashed too .	garlic mashed	positive
the sushi had way too much rice , three times the normal .	sushi	negative
the sushi had way too much rice , three times the normal .	rice	negative
we count on joe 's for some of the best pizza in town .	pizza	positive
they were not shy with ingredients , and i thought their food was delicious .	ingredients	positive
they were not shy with ingredients , and i thought their food was delicious .	food	positive
i love their pork belly dishes !	pork belly dishes	positive
the waitress had a dull personality and knew nothing about the menu .	waitress	negative
the waitress had a dull personality and knew nothing about the menu .	menu	negative
great family run full service auto repair and tire center .	auto repair	positive
great family run full service auto repair and tire center .	tire center	positive
this chicago import is a keeper !	chicago import	positive
not my fave place .	fave place	negative
be prepared to wait as this is a very popular place .	place	positive
this is the best salon i 've ever been to .	salon	positive
excellent customer service !	customer service	positive
good people , excellent food , no matter what you order .	people	positive
good people , excellent food , no matter what you order .	food	positive
our server was really nice , talkative , and informative .	server	positive
i was first in line for the past _num_ to _num_ min .	past _num_ to _num_ min	positive
rumors is an awesome salon .	salon	positive
i love their antipasto salad !	antipasto salad	positive
was it the greatest breakfast of all time ?	breakfast	positive
steak cooked wrong , under temp .	steak	negative
only breakfast was average .	breakfast	negative
excellent food and great service .	food	positive
excellent food and great service .	service	positive
i then called goodyear back to let them know what the dealership said .	dealership	negative
i just had my birthday gathering at this fun and easy going bar .	bar	positive
a pork chop with one bite out of it .	pork chop	positive
friendly staff .	staff	positive
the service is good .	service	positive
plus the garbage was overflowing .	garbage	negative
the service was poor .	service	negative
they also have some of the best wings out there .	wings	positive
their employees do n't even know how to do their job .	employees	negative
was told its _num_ cents more because it is a royal blizzard .	blizzard	positive
small shop usually with some cool stuff .	stuff	positive
it was a total treat .	treat	positive
the main dish was soggy and salty .	main dish	negative
i ordered the tempura ice cream then and shared with my friends .	tempura ice cream	positive
do not use this franchise .	franchise	negative
i 'd trust her with my hair anytime !	hair	positive
our favorite however is their fantastic chicago style pizza !	chicago style pizza	positive
seriously amazing food !	food	positive
just a great local business and i would highly recommend them to anyone .	local business	positive
still loving this place !	place	positive
i also love the ambience .	ambience	positive
attended _num_ for my associates in pastry .	pastry	positive
this is a good market to find food items from all across asia really .	food items	positive
crappy donuts .	donuts	negative
they have a great selection of british and irish beers on tap .	british	positive
the hot and sour soup is both original and memorable .	hot	positive
it said it had pine nuts , arugula , red onions and red peppers .	pine nuts	positive
it said it had pine nuts , arugula , red onions and red peppers .	arugula	positive
it said it had pine nuts , arugula , red onions and red peppers .	red onions	positive
it said it had pine nuts , arugula , red onions and red peppers .	red peppers	positive
we are regulars and enjoy the garlic bread and special dishes of the night .	garlic bread	positive
we are regulars and enjoy the garlic bread and special dishes of the night .	dishes	positive
fluffy , always cooked to perfection and delicious .	cooked	positive
the best thai food in the valley .	thai food	positive
best machaca ever and green corn tamales !	machaca	positive
best machaca ever and green corn tamales !	green corn tamales	positive
overall , i 've made better vegan food at home .	vegan food	positive
love this place !	place	positive
i do not recomend this store to any one .	store	negative
the show dragged on .	show	negative
furthermore , the soup was too thick and was more like a stew .	soup	negative
furthermore , the soup was too thick and was more like a stew .	stew	negative
_num_ minutes later i got my to go food .	food	positive
all steaks were over cooked with one side somehow missing the grill completely .	steaks	negative
all steaks were over cooked with one side somehow missing the grill completely .	grill	negative
great customer service and very reasonable prices !	customer service	positive
great customer service and very reasonable prices !	prices	positive
that 's a denny 's mistake .	denny	negative
a very dark and quaint bar in old town .	bar	positive
this is the best , most honest and great company .	company	positive
enjoyed our salads , entrees and especially the butter cake !	salads	positive
enjoyed our salads , entrees and especially the butter cake !	entrees	positive
enjoyed our salads , entrees and especially the butter cake !	butter cake	positive
so what was the remedy again ?	remedy	positive
great food !	food	positive
on the bill she did change the charge to meatball ... .	meatball	negative
very high quality food .	food	positive
team are real pros and always follow through .	team	positive
good stage and bands .	stage	positive
good stage and bands .	bands	positive
we are somewhat new to the valley and bought a home here last summer .	valley	positive
the rigatoni were overcooked and the cheese was bitter and just not good .	rigatoni	negative
the rigatoni were overcooked and the cheese was bitter and just not good .	cheese	negative
joe 's tires saved the day !	tires	positive
the chicken was sooooo dry .	chicken	negative
nice simple decor .	decor	positive
excellent food , excellent service .	food	positive
excellent food , excellent service .	service	positive
good food .	food	positive
awesome neighborhood joint .	neighborhood	positive
this chef is as creative and focused on flavor as any in the state .	chef	positive
this chef is as creative and focused on flavor as any in the state .	flavor	positive
went for lunch on sunday .	lunch	positive
bandera - i love you .	bandera	positive
the service is quick and friendly , _num_ .	service	positive
the classic pastrami , fish sandwich and the sweet potato fries are top notch .	pastrami	positive
the classic pastrami , fish sandwich and the sweet potato fries are top notch .	fish sandwich	positive
the classic pastrami , fish sandwich and the sweet potato fries are top notch .	sweet potato fries	positive
he is a fantastic bike technician and a super nice guy .	bike technician	positive
great service from the guys here at pep boys .	service	positive
the service is always fast and friendly whether in the restaurant or delivered .	service	positive
the service is always fast and friendly whether in the restaurant or delivered .	delivered	positive
we had a large event dinner and show here and it turned out good .	event dinner	positive
i was very disappointed in the services here .	services	negative
our service was wonderful .	service	positive
best pizza i have eaten in years .	pizza	positive
also the mini chimichangas were great .	mini chimichangas	positive
the friendly owners and staff make the dining experience extra special !	owners	positive
the friendly owners and staff make the dining experience extra special !	staff	positive
the friendly owners and staff make the dining experience extra special !	dining experience	positive
the orange blossom is my new favorite ... yum !	orange blossom	positive
workers are very friendly and place is very clean .	workers	positive
workers are very friendly and place is very clean .	place	positive
the do not honor the firestone warranty .	firestone warranty	negative
the food is amazing and a wonderful surprise to a bar atmosphere !	food	positive
the food is amazing and a wonderful surprise to a bar atmosphere !	bar atmosphere	positive
the manager was worse .	manager	negative
the longest wait time posted was _num_ minutes .	wait	negative
the staff is not that friendly and they all seem to look quite dirty .	staff	negative
great person to have as your go to guy !	person	positive
the waitresses are mostly hot , and really nice .	waitresses	positive
dry and a bit stale bread and the gyro meat was dry .	bread	negative
dry and a bit stale bread and the gyro meat was dry .	gyro meat	negative
the worst customer service i have ever experienced at any car shop .	customer service	negative
all of the food is homemade and delicious .	food	positive
the staff is always friendly and happy to help you with whatever you need .	staff	positive
the big ass burger is incredible .	big ass burger	positive
recommend the shrimp fried rice .	shrimp fried rice	positive
it was over fried and very hard .	fried	negative
just had one of the best lunches ever .	lunches	positive
they make their own fresh bread , and use quality meats and cheeses .	meats	positive
they make their own fresh bread , and use quality meats and cheeses .	cheeses	positive
the chili dog was bland .	chili dog	negative
love going here for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
worst service of my life !	service	negative
( did i want a chicken parm with pasta ?	chicken parm with pasta	positive
i had a carne asada burro and the others had chicken and beef enchiladas .	carne asada burro	positive
i had a carne asada burro and the others had chicken and beef enchiladas .	chicken	positive
i had a carne asada burro and the others had chicken and beef enchiladas .	beef enchiladas	positive
great food !	food	positive
whoever runs this place needs to take it easy .	place	negative
being one of the few tables few did provide for amazing service .	tables	negative
being one of the few tables few did provide for amazing service .	service	negative
great family place !	family place	positive
so there you have it , no customer service and no organization .	customer service	negative
so there you have it , no customer service and no organization .	organization	negative
their hot sauce alone is worth the drive .	hot sauce	positive
absolutely the best persian restaurant in arizona .	persian restaurant	positive
great selection , knowledgeable bartenders and eclectic patrons .	selection	positive
great selection , knowledgeable bartenders and eclectic patrons .	bartenders	positive
great selection , knowledgeable bartenders and eclectic patrons .	patrons	positive
i do n't know what was going at the bar .	bar	negative
great food !	food	positive
shrimp is super fresh & huge .	shrimp	positive
& my brother is very happy with his gift .	gift	positive
i highly recommend this salon !	salon	positive
waters were already served when we sat down .	waters	negative
waters were already served when we sat down .	served	negative
rest of meal came out great .	meal	positive
the dining area is on the small side but really gives the restaurant character .	dining area	negative
they are still in pretty rough shape -- -- use caution at this salon !	shape	negative
it seemed like everything was just cooked too hot .	cooked	negative
no selection .	selection	negative
food reasonable but extremely long wait with no explanation !	food	positive
food reasonable but extremely long wait with no explanation !	wait	negative
they are over priced .	priced	negative
i went into the meal expecting big things but i was sadly disappointed .	meal	negative
the food on its own gets five stars .	food	positive
i just visited this spa yesterday and was not too happy .	spa	negative
any flavor you get tastes amazing !	flavor	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
food was ok nothing special .	food	negative
my favs are a lot of their spicy sauces and curries .	favs	positive
my favs are a lot of their spicy sauces and curries .	spicy sauces	positive
my favs are a lot of their spicy sauces and curries .	curries	positive
this place is clean with great shows , cast and crew .	shows	positive
this place is clean with great shows , cast and crew .	cast	positive
this place is clean with great shows , cast and crew .	crew	positive
excellent stylist and demeanor .	stylist	positive
excellent stylist and demeanor .	demeanor	positive
food is great !	food	positive
fun bar .	bar	positive
they brought me a burger with bun and cheese so i sent it back .	burger with bun and cheese	negative
besides , this is not even persian from reading the menu .	menu	negative
first let me say great service !	service	positive
love their pizzas !	pizzas	positive
_num_ stars for ambiance .	ambiance	positive
this restaurant is way over priced for the quality of food presented .	quality of food	negative
the service is the worst .	service	negative
excellent place to have a pizza .	pizza	positive
_num_ drink minimum , but do n't order a double .	drink	negative
unless your _num_ or older you should avoid this place .	place	negative
service here is just as great at other nordstrom locations .	service	positive
amazing for the slightly cold nights .	nights	negative
we had a great tour .	tour	positive
this was our second time visiting the restaurant for lunch .	lunch	positive
_num_ min later my food shows up even though i have n't paid .	food	negative
great little place .	place	positive
but that was nothing compared to the haircut .	haircut	negative
not only were the tubs very dirty but they did a horrible job .	tubs	negative
if i could give this place zero stars i would .	place	positive
they have really great happy hour drink and food specials .	drink	positive
they have really great happy hour drink and food specials .	food specials	positive
everyone seemed to enjoy their food , i know we did .	food	positive
we sat inside where there was only _num_ other table occupied .	table	negative
this level of service is seldom found in this day and age .	service	positive
the gold brick dessert was pretty good , but the chocolate was very frozen .	gold brick dessert	positive
the gold brick dessert was pretty good , but the chocolate was very frozen .	chocolate	negative
never dry and always well marinated .	marinated	positive
the food that was recommended by the staff was terrible .	food	negative
the food that was recommended by the staff was terrible .	staff	negative
i should 've known better than to eat out at a mexican food place .	mexican food	negative
a really nice woman gave me my pedicure and was very gentle and thorough .	woman	positive
a really nice woman gave me my pedicure and was very gentle and thorough .	pedicure	positive
she made me feel very comfortable and welcome in the store .	store	positive
service was excellent .	service	positive
the food was spectacular and the service top notch .	food	positive
the food was spectacular and the service top notch .	service	positive
went here for restaurant week and it was a very special experience .	restaurant week	positive
they often have a groupon deal too which is nice for extra savings .	groupon deal	positive
great staff , and we 'll be back !	staff	positive
went here on a groupon type deal .	groupon type deal	positive
the food was served in steam trays and was very unappetizing to start with .	food	negative
the food was served in steam trays and was very unappetizing to start with .	served	negative
my first full body massage ever and it was amazing !	massage	positive
the staff is awesome and i love it .	staff	positive
the staff is always professional and so welcoming to their customers and guests .	staff	positive
the staff is always professional and so welcoming to their customers and guests .	customers	positive
food was excellent ... .	food	positive
great western bar in old town scottsdale .	bar	positive
it is n't expensive at all and the staff is so nice .	staff	positive
keep it up sanctuary !	sanctuary	positive
awesome value .	value	positive
this place is amazing .	place	positive
the room was spacious and very comfortable .	room	positive
we come here to play video games and the kids just love it !	video games	positive
the staff is well trained and attentive , and the menu is diverse .	staff	positive
the staff is well trained and attentive , and the menu is diverse .	menu	positive
ray is a great guy !	ray	positive
tl ; dr : foods good , depressing environment .	foods	positive
tl ; dr : foods good , depressing environment .	environment	negative
$ _num_ for a bread basket that you get for free everywhere else ?	bread basket	positive
prices are amazing and the selection is incredible !	prices	positive
prices are amazing and the selection is incredible !	selection	positive
the kids program is great my _num_ year old loves going to sunday school .	kids program	positive
dr. cook and the staff are great .	staff	positive
dinner was amazing !	dinner	positive
keep up the good work .	work	positive
people seemed to have passion in what they do ... i respect that !	people	positive
also ordered the hummus and eggplant dip which was very tasty .	hummus	positive
also ordered the hummus and eggplant dip which was very tasty .	eggplant dip	positive
cute little place but the decor really needs updating .	place	positive
cute little place but the decor really needs updating .	decor	negative
granted these were fairly minimal and normally i would have bought the top regardless .	top	negative
the food is not good .	food	negative
the store is pretty small but has a warm feeling to it .	store	negative
cannelloni stuffed with the most delicious , melt in your mouth chicken and veal .	cannelloni	positive
cannelloni stuffed with the most delicious , melt in your mouth chicken and veal .	chicken	positive
the sauce , cheese , crust is all very good .	sauce , cheese , crust	positive
very authentic italian food .	italian food	positive
love this place !	place	positive
the whole place is well taken care of by the maintenance .	place	positive
the whole place is well taken care of by the maintenance .	maintenance	positive
thanks east valley tire !	tire	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
i 've worked in costumer service so i tried to be polite .	costumer service	positive
he asked me why and i told them all you have is carbs .	carbs	negative
really friendly service also .	service	positive
they had lots of friendly staff on hand to check everyone in .	staff	positive
they also have good coffee and decent prices .	coffee	positive
they also have good coffee and decent prices .	prices	positive
prices were low , but so was the quality of the food .	prices	negative
prices were low , but so was the quality of the food .	quality	negative
prices were low , but so was the quality of the food .	food	positive
this was not bulgogi .	bulgogi	negative
ok , ordered drinks , then food .	drinks	negative
ok , ordered drinks , then food .	food	negative
great place to have prime rib and ribs .	prime rib	positive
great place to have prime rib and ribs .	ribs	positive
i come here for a sandwhich or sub that 's truly unique .	sandwhich	positive
i come here for a sandwhich or sub that 's truly unique .	sub	positive
best in the area for excellent authentic italian food .	italian food	positive
love and miss this place .	place	positive
the kid is definitely odd and a bit rude , i.e .	kid	negative
they also offer take out and the pizza 's are great !	take out	positive
they also offer take out and the pizza 's are great !	pizza	positive
my favorite go-to slice is the delicious white pizza with spinach and tomato !	white pizza with spinach and tomato	positive
seriously , just put a tiny drop on the tip of each nail .	nail	negative
help was great .	help	positive
not on the invoice nor from `` mary . ''	invoice	negative
looked online for a laptop and checked availability .	laptop	positive
looked online for a laptop and checked availability .	availability	positive
food was mediocre , service was horrible !	food	negative
food was mediocre , service was horrible !	service	negative
not to mention that the mixed drinks here are really expensive .	mixed drinks	negative
i know good hummus and this is it !	hummus	positive
food sucked horrible overall !	food	negative
all the delivery guys are rad and super nice .	delivery guys	positive
mimi 's cafe has a very comfortable vibe .	cafe	positive
mimi 's cafe has a very comfortable vibe .	vibe	positive
indeed , there was history in this restaurant and on the walls .	restaurant	positive
the food is fresh & tasty !	food	positive
no uniforms or name tags on staff .	uniforms	negative
no uniforms or name tags on staff .	name	negative
no uniforms or name tags on staff .	staff	negative
good experience , beautiful views ; would recommend .	views	positive
very friendly people very quick service tasty food .	people	positive
very friendly people very quick service tasty food .	service	positive
very friendly people very quick service tasty food .	food	positive
i could n't even finish my meal .	meal	negative
i was unable to get a bite down without a drink .	drink	negative
the staff are all very friendly and helpful , explaining everything .	staff	positive
not much selection here and a lot of dried food items .	dried food items	negative
super casual spot .	spot	positive
how cool is this tiny spot ?	spot	positive
decently priced menu , and very cool bar and drink menu .	bar	positive
decently priced menu , and very cool bar and drink menu .	drink menu	positive
i ordered chicken and broccoli and it taste just like fish .	chicken and broccoli	positive
i ordered chicken and broccoli and it taste just like fish .	fish	negative
the quality of food is just great .	quality of food	positive
the real reason for the low stars is that the treatments were mediocre .	treatments	negative
also , they put sesame seeds on their bread .	sesame seeds	positive
also , they put sesame seeds on their bread .	bread	negative
the entrees are amazing .	entrees	positive
really cool place for drinks .	place	positive
really cool place for drinks .	drinks	positive
terrible food .	food	negative
i worked in pizza biz do by this time there was probably one driver .	pizza biz	negative
i worked in pizza biz do by this time there was probably one driver .	driver	negative
i called and josh made us an appt for the very next day .	appt	positive
superb service that flows with the typical services at the sanctuary !	service	positive
superb service that flows with the typical services at the sanctuary !	services	positive
the food was mediocre at best .	food	negative
the pizza here is way above par !	pizza	positive
the owners are very friendly as well .	owners	positive
defalco 's is consistently delicious .	defalco	positive
the waitress was a little very sweet and did a great job .	waitress	positive
the costumer service is great .	costumer service	positive
if you live here , you only get one assigned covered parking space .	covered parking space	negative
and after a few bites i realized the dough was still raw .	dough	negative
great food !	food	positive
i highly recommend this bar !	bar	positive
one of the two final plates was loaded with cheese that was requested held .	plates	negative
one of the two final plates was loaded with cheese that was requested held .	cheese	negative
would absolutely recommend for anyone who wants amazing cantonese cuisine in scottsdale .	cantonese cuisine	positive
sad , this place used to be good .	place	positive
great baked goods made from such a great staff that goes above expectations .	baked goods	positive
great baked goods made from such a great staff that goes above expectations .	staff	positive
the place is very low key and the music is great .	place	positive
the place is very low key and the music is great .	music	positive
after about another _num_ minutes , he comes over by the waiting area .	waiting area	negative
ice cream here is light tasting , but the toppings make it delicious !	ice cream	positive
ice cream here is light tasting , but the toppings make it delicious !	toppings	positive
great food and reasonable prices .	food	positive
great food and reasonable prices .	prices	positive
quality meats , breads , ingredients !	meats	positive
quality meats , breads , ingredients !	breads	positive
quality meats , breads , ingredients !	ingredients	positive
damn another bar with no kitchen ?	bar	negative
damn another bar with no kitchen ?	kitchen	negative
dr. price & his staff are very friendly & helpful !	staff	positive
and , rude counter help does n't help at all ... .	counter help	negative
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	location	negative
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	staff	negative
i love their sushi and lunch specials .	sushi	positive
i love their sushi and lunch specials .	lunch specials	positive
i told him he never mentioned that the $ _num_ was a cash price .	$	negative
i told him he never mentioned that the $ _num_ was a cash price .	price	negative
the dj was super entertaining which made it even more fun !	dj	positive
they tell me it 's going to be 30-40 minutes for delivery .	delivery	negative
was i really just served cold duck confit ?	served cold duck	negative
poor ambience .	ambience	negative
the food is typical english food , heavy and greasy .	food	positive
the food is typical english food , heavy and greasy .	english food	positive
great employees !	employees	positive
great service !	service	positive
great scottsdale location , not too far from old town .	scottsdale location	positive
just had the most delicious bbq chicken pizza in old town scottsdale !	bbq chicken pizza	positive
sad because they have a nice location but the wrong staff .	location	positive
sad because they have a nice location but the wrong staff .	staff	negative
very fair and reasonable with the cost of their services .	cost	positive
very fair and reasonable with the cost of their services .	services	positive
left very full and surprised at the quality of the food .	quality	negative
left very full and surprised at the quality of the food .	food	negative
great selection and awesome customer service , a+ in my book !	selection	positive
great selection and awesome customer service , a+ in my book !	customer service	positive
great food and great service !	food	positive
great food and great service !	service	positive
a beautiful , cozy , arts center in downtown scottsdale .	arts center	positive
without the view , this restaurant would not make it .	view	negative
without the view , this restaurant would not make it .	restaurant	negative
good variety .	variety	positive
the service is great too and they keep the place clean as well .	service	positive
the service is great too and they keep the place clean as well .	place	positive
that makes me and my wallet very happy .	wallet	positive
i loved the large rooms ( suites ) at this place !	rooms	positive
i 'd definitely recommend this little cruise .	cruise	positive
amazing local bands and cheap booze .	local bands	positive
amazing local bands and cheap booze .	booze	positive
this place has awful customer service and a bad attitude .	customer service	negative
this place is awesome !	place	positive
not the best walmart around .	walmart	negative
my husband got the bird omelet which i tasted and yuck .	bird omelet	positive
i see molly and she is a doll !	molly	positive
such a family restaurant !	family restaurant	positive
this place has a huge selection .	place	positive
this place has a huge selection .	selection	positive
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	starbucks	negative
paul is a great manager and his special effort shows !	manager	positive
with so many other sushi choices , it 's not a destination of choice .	sushi choices	negative
the marquee is not how one should work .	marquee	negative
i love their purse department and especially since they added the high-end purses .	purse department	positive
i love their purse department and especially since they added the high-end purses .	purses	positive
the bathroom setup is probably worth a trip if only to check it out .	bathroom setup	positive
highly recommend all the sun devil auto family for their superb service .	sun	positive
highly recommend all the sun devil auto family for their superb service .	service	positive
lots of shops to browse and shows to see .	shops	positive
it is definitely my favorite , but everything here is good !	everything	positive
cheese steak sub was one of best ever .	cheese steak sub	positive
hot fresh tortilla wrapped goodness .	fresh tortilla wrapped goodness	positive
salad was boring .	salad	negative
great food .	food	positive
i love this market .	market	positive
great service , prices ( esp .	service	positive
great service , prices ( esp .	prices	positive
love this place !	place	positive
thrown into the trash , nothing good about it .	trash	negative
the food is also always delicious , especially the chicken club and sushi .	food	positive
the food is also always delicious , especially the chicken club and sushi .	chicken club	positive
the food is also always delicious , especially the chicken club and sushi .	sushi	positive
service was very good .	service	positive
also the hash browns were buttery and very very good .	hash browns	positive
this was my first time using lewis appliance and it was a fantastic experience .	lewis appliance	positive
very nice views .	views	positive
this place is one of the best steakhouses i have been to .	steakhouses	positive
the pizza was a thick pan and the crust was fantastic .	pizza	positive
the pizza was a thick pan and the crust was fantastic .	crust	positive
this place rocks !	place	positive
the welcome is warm but not in your face .	welcome	positive
what a cool place to check out .	place	positive
we sat at a choice table to enjoy the sunset .	table	positive
researched and looked online at availability .	availability	positive
service was good , food was really good !	service	positive
service was good , food was really good !	food	positive
i 'm here again , and was greeted with the same very friendly service .	service	positive
this location is absolutely top notch .	location	positive
not much flavor .	flavor	negative
very clean property , and the staff is friendly .	property	positive
very clean property , and the staff is friendly .	staff	positive
great service every time we 've been here !	service	positive
the best seafood in arizona great atmosphere .	seafood	positive
the best seafood in arizona great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
contact me to offer to refund the higher fee ?	fee	positive
but their food , really is impressive .	food	positive
the retail was $ _num_ .	retail	positive
by far the worst experience shopping today .	experience	negative
horrible service , good food though .	service	negative
horrible service , good food though .	food	positive
excellent food , we go here a few times a month .	food	positive
the food booth offerings are terrible and overpriced .	food booth offerings	negative
this was more just pouring red pepper in my mouth .	red pepper	negative
this place used to be a lot better .	place	negative
i am truly grateful there are still good people out there .	people	positive
well , that 's the last night that this restaurant will be opened .	restaurant	positive
i went on a business dinner with _num_ of us and service was great .	service	positive
my wife got the chicken parmesan which was also very good .	chicken parmesan	positive
on the way out , we met manager nick .	manager	positive
fried artichokes were alright but pricy for what it is .	fried artichokes	positive
best doughnuts around and the people are so sweet .	doughnuts	positive
best doughnuts around and the people are so sweet .	people	positive
generally the afternoons have the most inexperienced and poorly trained staff .	afternoons	negative
generally the afternoons have the most inexperienced and poorly trained staff .	staff	negative
very rude , not deserving of our business .	business	negative
i have had better pizza and better customer service .	pizza	negative
i have had better pizza and better customer service .	customer service	negative
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	spot	positive
the ice cream is excellent , yummy and lots of choices and affordable .	ice cream	positive
my new rating is zero .	rating	negative
the ambience was very dark and smelled of sanitation .	ambience	negative
the ambience was very dark and smelled of sanitation .	sanitation	negative
great finds for great deals !	deals	positive
a very peaceful place .	place	positive
the sushi , was sushi , i guess .	sushi ,	positive
the sushi , was sushi , i guess .	sushi	positive
their pricing is very fair and the service has been good .	pricing	positive
their pricing is very fair and the service has been good .	service	positive
shea was so helpful and she had great advise to give .	shea	positive
restaurant is clean food is fresh and flavorful .	food	positive
the walls are that thin .	walls	negative
it is now saturday and my nails are already starting to peel .	nails	negative
i really love this place !	place	positive
better than chain fast food .	chain fast food	positive
my hubby and i checked it out the other day while in the area .	area	positive
great place to take out of town guests , or for date night .	place	positive
also , the food is overpriced .	food	negative
my dogs are like family and they get the best care .	dogs	positive
my dogs are like family and they get the best care .	care	positive
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	chips	negative
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	salsa	negative
it felt nice to walk into a dive bar to watch the show .	dive bar	positive
worst combination for a chicken sandwich .	chicken sandwich	negative
best donuts in the the world in my humble opinion .	donuts	positive
thank you very kindly for your good service !	service	positive
lastly the deserts are a special treat .	deserts	positive
i absolutely love their service .	service	positive
not going back there again or any red lobster !	red lobster	negative
very nice atmosphere , great staff love the pizza very reasonably priced .	atmosphere	positive
very nice atmosphere , great staff love the pizza very reasonably priced .	staff	positive
very nice atmosphere , great staff love the pizza very reasonably priced .	pizza	positive
very nice atmosphere , great staff love the pizza very reasonably priced .	priced	positive
the meatloaf , salad , enchiladas are top notch .	meatloaf , salad , enchiladas	positive
patio is super nice for brunch .	patio	positive
patio is super nice for brunch .	brunch	positive
the ambiance was nice but everything else was downhill .	ambiance	positive
the bad : time from seating to water was _num_ minutes .	time	negative
the bad : time from seating to water was _num_ minutes .	seating	negative
the bad : time from seating to water was _num_ minutes .	water	negative
one gorgeous scottsdale evening and wandered into sugar bowl .	scottsdale	positive
one gorgeous scottsdale evening and wandered into sugar bowl .	sugar bowl	positive
however , not all pizzas are offered till 3am .	pizzas	negative
this restaurant is class !	restaurant	positive
happy valentines day .	valentines day	positive
also great for lunch .	lunch	positive
the first time my ex got food poisoning over a salad .	food	negative
the first time my ex got food poisoning over a salad .	salad	negative
what a wonderful little gem tucked away in mesa !	mesa	positive
even with the pet names , al is a wonderful asset to the team .	pet names	positive
friendly service and smiles .	service	positive
parking can be challenging at times but it is worth it .	parking	negative
great classic italian restaurant !	italian restaurant	positive
bad food .	food	negative
the service was friendly , even if our waitress forgot to bring pitas .	service	positive
the service was friendly , even if our waitress forgot to bring pitas .	waitress	negative
the service was friendly , even if our waitress forgot to bring pitas .	pitas	negative
if you 're in the scottsdale area it 's a must .	area	positive
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	tires	negative
the stuffed pork chop was very good and so were the short ribs .	stuffed pork chop	positive
the food is really greasy and lacks flavor .	food	negative
the food is really greasy and lacks flavor .	flavor	negative
i spent $ _num_ on 1/4 a box !	box	positive
enjoy the beautiful lake and have a fabulous meal .	lake	positive
enjoy the beautiful lake and have a fabulous meal .	meal	positive
service was slow .	service	negative
we always have a good time with friends , drinks and plenty of food .	drinks	positive
we always have a good time with friends , drinks and plenty of food .	food	positive
now , our washing machine is broken .	washing machine	negative
these folks are so friendly and offer great , reasonably priced service .	service	positive
bad food .	food	negative
bread was fresh and soft .	bread	positive
i love this places breakfast burritos !	places breakfast burritos	positive
really cute furniture and accessories shop in downtown mesa .	furniture	positive
no wonder we had so many roaches .	roaches	negative
the meat looked grey and the bun was very thick .	meat	negative
the meat looked grey and the bun was very thick .	bun	negative
service- this is by far the worst thing about this restaurant .	service-	negative
she shaved the hair off and looked it it for a long time .	hair	negative
worst fried rice i 've ever had !	fried rice	negative
very cool place .	place	positive
every one was friendly ... great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the wine and drinks are above average , with an above average price tag .	wine	positive
the wine and drinks are above average , with an above average price tag .	drinks	positive
the wine and drinks are above average , with an above average price tag .	price tag	positive
i have also got some nice jewelry and shoes during this sale .	jewelry	positive
i have also got some nice jewelry and shoes during this sale .	shoes	positive
if you like beer , you 'll love papago .	beer	positive
if you like beer , you 'll love papago .	papago	positive
great service everytime !	service	positive
sangria was more juice less wine .	sangria	negative
sangria was more juice less wine .	juice	negative
sangria was more juice less wine .	wine	negative
we had a party of _num_ and they had excellent service .	service	positive
my kids love all of the teachers .	teachers	positive
this was the worst del taco ever !	del taco	negative
very friendly and helpful staff .	staff	positive
a teacher walked by and she told her what was happening .	teacher	negative
horrible service , rude manager i made reservations on monday for saturday .	service	negative
horrible service , rude manager i made reservations on monday for saturday .	manager	negative
horrible service , rude manager i made reservations on monday for saturday .	reservations	negative
hits the spot as an old school mexican joint .	mexican joint	positive
their staff is great .	staff	positive
good service , fair prices .	service	positive
good service , fair prices .	prices	positive
awesome food !	food	positive
loved the grilled corn and pork chops !	grilled corn	positive
loved the grilled corn and pork chops !	pork chops	positive
the golf course is really nice .	golf course	positive
love their lemon soup and gyro sandwiches with homemade pitas and wonderful greek salad !	lemon soup	positive
love their lemon soup and gyro sandwiches with homemade pitas and wonderful greek salad !	gyro sandwiches with homemade pitas	positive
love their lemon soup and gyro sandwiches with homemade pitas and wonderful greek salad !	greek salad	positive
the best sea food restaurant in the area .	sea food	positive
in fact , it had no flavor the sauce lacked any zip to it .	sauce	negative
i really wish i would have done the research prior to giving them business .	business	negative
first off , the shop is the size of a shoe box .	shop	positive
first off , the shop is the size of a shoe box .	shoe box	positive
patio seating is very nice .	patio seating	positive
the sushi always come out fresh and delicious .	sushi	positive
food is always great .	food	positive
real bagels with the perfect texture .	bagels	positive
the waiters are very energetic .	waiters	positive
_num_ ) totally chill vibe for the primo location !	location	positive
this place gives mexico a bad name .	place	negative
bonus for my friends that drink .	drink	positive
this place has amazing food , i had the fried shrimp and oysters .	food	positive
this place has amazing food , i had the fried shrimp and oysters .	fried shrimp and oysters	positive
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	restaurant	negative
but the tortillas were really good and service was good too .	tortillas	positive
but the tortillas were really good and service was good too .	service	positive
it was paired with corn and grits and the combination was outstanding .	corn and grits	positive
it was paired with corn and grits and the combination was outstanding .	combination	positive
bad food , but lots of it .	food	negative
best hair cut i have ever gotten .	hair cut	positive
the service quite good .	service	positive
i love love love my hair .	hair	positive
this place has the worst service you can imagine !	service	negative
when i asked for the manager i was hung up on .	manager	negative
great food , fantastic atmosphere , cold beer , friendly crowd and staff .	food	positive
great food , fantastic atmosphere , cold beer , friendly crowd and staff .	atmosphere	positive
great food , fantastic atmosphere , cold beer , friendly crowd and staff .	cold beer	positive
great food , fantastic atmosphere , cold beer , friendly crowd and staff .	crowd	positive
great food , fantastic atmosphere , cold beer , friendly crowd and staff .	staff	positive
from the beginning the maintenance has been a complete nightmare .	maintenance	negative
for the $ _num_ a piece i 'd say it 's worth it .	$	positive
steer clear , you can find better places to work with .	places	negative
i love having such a great place so close to home !	place	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
great decor and friendly staff .	decor	positive
great decor and friendly staff .	staff	positive
he is the best , most helpful employee !	employee	positive
decent food , however , will not return .	food	negative
the location is great too !	location	positive
the ambiance is perfect for a nice quiet date .	ambiance	positive
my favorite neighborhood restaurant .	restaurant	positive
traditional new york pizza , yum !	pizza	positive
horrible service , good food .	service	negative
horrible service , good food .	food	positive
i think i will stick to the nicer area starbucks from now on .	area starbucks	positive
favorite place now that i permanently live here now .	place	positive
drinks , way over priced .	drinks	negative
drinks , way over priced .	priced	negative
everything taste good and there mimosas are off the chain !	mimosas	positive
this place is super cute and extremely pink .	place	positive
the guy that did my acrylics was as rude as they come .	guy	negative
the guy that did my acrylics was as rude as they come .	acrylics	negative
add red sauce with each bite and you 'll be absolutely in burrito heaven !	red sauce	positive
add red sauce with each bite and you 'll be absolutely in burrito heaven !	burrito	positive
the pies are awesome !	pies	positive
then they act like they ca n't be bothered with you or your problems .	problems	negative
went here with some friends - cute ambiance and good food .	ambiance	positive
went here with some friends - cute ambiance and good food .	food	positive
and i love got sushi .	sushi	positive
appetizers came with our dinner which of course should n't .	appetizers	negative
appetizers came with our dinner which of course should n't .	dinner	negative
you can sense god moving and working in this place .	place	negative
the resort is absolutely gorgeous and the staff is extremely accommodating and friendly .	resort	positive
the resort is absolutely gorgeous and the staff is extremely accommodating and friendly .	staff	positive
it ruined the calzone for me altogether .	calzone	negative
the service is good .	service	positive
i 've always had fast and friendly service here .	service	positive
she said _num_ more minutes , _num_ minute later we got seated .	_num_	positive
took my car there they are very honest .	car	positive
her attitude just just just made me disgusting .	attitude	negative
still do not like the service here .	service	negative
the stuff looks like its been sitting there since _num_ .	stuff	negative
great happy hour , great pizza and killer lasagne .	pizza	positive
great happy hour , great pizza and killer lasagne .	lasagne	positive
for the price that i paid , i guess that 's to be expected .	price	negative
food was alright , but definately not the best .	food	positive
but in the mean time , they would not give me my car .	car	negative
i highly recommend pinnacle peak eye care .	peak eye care	positive
in short , do not trust these people with your dogs .	dogs	negative
the ladies that work there were old and not very friendly .	ladies	negative
always a pleasant and easy experience at raintree .	raintree	positive
friendly staff & really nice , clean facilities .	staff	positive
friendly staff & really nice , clean facilities .	facilities	positive
a classic scottsdale staple .	scottsdale staple	positive
the table we were sat at was really small and smashed into a corner .	table	negative
great food and very reasonable prices .	food	positive
great food and very reasonable prices .	prices	positive
the worst steak i 've ever had .	steak	negative
when i got the pizza home it just looked sparse on toppings .	pizza	negative
when i got the pizza home it just looked sparse on toppings .	toppings	negative
our waitress was anything but friendly and not very patient with us .	waitress	negative
there are many great mexican places in scottsdale , so skip this one .	mexican places	positive
customer service is nonexistent at this location .	customer service	negative
the service since has continued to be excellent : fast , attentive and friendly .	service	positive
this place is authentic and will satisfy your urge for great bbq .	place	positive
this place is authentic and will satisfy your urge for great bbq .	bbq	positive
just to be clear im the only other customer here right now .	customer	negative
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	wonton	negative
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	filling	negative
great location , if you 're from out of town !	location	positive
this place has a really neat menu .	place	positive
this place has a really neat menu .	menu	positive
perfect stay for out of town business and meeting with clients .	stay	positive
it is a family owned an operated place .	operated	positive
the atmosphere is fun and the bartenders rock !	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is fun and the bartenders rock !	bartenders	positive
i stopped in for chicken this week .	chicken	positive
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	environment	positive
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	servers	positive
not even worth a free stay next time .	stay	negative
my husband had a pancake breakfast with bacon and enjoyed it .	pancake breakfast with bacon	positive
looked like a nice place but did n't want to deal with crappy service .	place	positive
looked like a nice place but did n't want to deal with crappy service .	service	negative
i took it back in , and the mechanic was very apologetic .	mechanic	negative
the quality of the food was less than mediocre for high prices .	quality of the food	negative
the quality of the food was less than mediocre for high prices .	prices	negative
food here is always good !	food	positive
great bagels !	bagels	positive
my wife had two massages and thoroughly enjoyed both of them .	massages	positive
this is a family run restaurant that takes pride in it 's delicious food .	food	positive
always a nice relaxed atmosphere at the dd .	atmosphere	positive
love these stores .	stores	positive
shower barely had hot water .	shower	negative
and the seafood enchiladas were great !	seafood enchiladas	positive
so yeah , new tires , very exciting !	tires	positive
far too expensive for such small portions and mediocre food .	portions	negative
far too expensive for such small portions and mediocre food .	food	negative
i have not had a good experience at this place .	place	negative
love barros !	barros	positive
the staff are nice and friendly and the office is nice .	staff	positive
the staff are nice and friendly and the office is nice .	office	positive
this place always makes me happy .	place	positive
i was pleased with their service .	service	positive
the variety on the menu is outstanding .	menu	positive
i absolutely love this place .	place	positive
worst dining experience ever .	dining experience	negative
seats are comfortable , if not luxurious .	seats	positive
highly recommend this clinic .	clinic	positive
i absolutely love the stetson chopped salad .	stetson chopped salad	positive
a wide variety of nice steaks , ribs , and other tasty grilled meats .	steaks	positive
a wide variety of nice steaks , ribs , and other tasty grilled meats .	ribs	positive
a wide variety of nice steaks , ribs , and other tasty grilled meats .	grilled meats	positive
totally rude behavior , i guess they have too many customer .	behavior	negative
totally rude behavior , i guess they have too many customer .	customer	negative
would not recommend scottsdale plaza resort to anyone .	scottsdale plaza	negative
he left the room and i 'm pretty sure he forgot about me .	room	negative
good selection of stuff , service is nice .	selection of stuff	positive
good selection of stuff , service is nice .	service	positive
really decent portion size and constantly delicious .	portion size	positive
it actually was one of the worst mixed drinks i 've ever had .	mixed drinks	negative
price ... a little high but worth the $ imo .	price	negative
we ordered the guacamole to start , and it was tasty but massive .	guacamole	positive
nice staff , clean place .	staff	positive
the rellenos are so so sinful !	rellenos	negative
the sales associate insisted free alterations are included with every purchase .	sales associate	positive
the sales associate insisted free alterations are included with every purchase .	alterations	positive
the food is worth any wait !	food	positive
the food is worth any wait !	wait	positive
the boat was comfortable and we were lucky enough to have great weather .	boat	positive
the boat was comfortable and we were lucky enough to have great weather .	weather	positive
i had two bridesmaids dresses altered perfectly and had fun in the process .	bridesmaids dresses	positive
the fried rice is boring and the food is kind if salty .	fried rice	negative
the fried rice is boring and the food is kind if salty .	food	negative
and again the food is excellent .	food	positive
and so many different kinds !	kinds	positive
quite possibly the 2nd best pizza i have ever had .	pizza	positive
overall , very satisfied with ra .	ra	positive
i have never enjoyed or appreciated a dentist more !	dentist	positive
the thin crust style is amazing and consistent with each pie .	thin crust style	positive
the thin crust style is amazing and consistent with each pie .	pie	positive
great place highly recommend !	place	positive
below average food , neighborhood bar atmosphere and service with attitude .	food	negative
below average food , neighborhood bar atmosphere and service with attitude .	neighborhood bar atmosphere	negative
below average food , neighborhood bar atmosphere and service with attitude .	service	negative
great service .	service	positive
ra is a great sushi staple in the valley .	ra	positive
ra is a great sushi staple in the valley .	sushi staple	positive
the crust is tasteless & the quality just is n't there .	crust	negative
the crust is tasteless & the quality just is n't there .	quality	negative
ruins the meal .	meal	negative
my favorite mexican restaurant ever .	mexican	positive
went to pay for bear course and it was almost _num_ per person .	bear course	negative
fantastic gyros , amazing fries and mushrooms !	gyros	positive
fantastic gyros , amazing fries and mushrooms !	fries	positive
fantastic gyros , amazing fries and mushrooms !	mushrooms	positive
you are horrible at your job and do n't know how to handle people .	job	negative
you are horrible at your job and do n't know how to handle people .	people	negative
the hot is more like medium , so order accordingly .	hot	negative
the dish came very fast ( _num_ minutes ) and the service was great .	dish	positive
the dish came very fast ( _num_ minutes ) and the service was great .	service	positive
and the coffee just is not that good .	coffee	negative
classic scottsdale dive bar .	scottsdale dive bar	positive
depressing atmosphere , poor quality food , very small portions , but high prices .	atmosphere	negative
depressing atmosphere , poor quality food , very small portions , but high prices .	food	negative
depressing atmosphere , poor quality food , very small portions , but high prices .	portions	negative
depressing atmosphere , poor quality food , very small portions , but high prices .	prices	negative
in the past year i have had such bad pizza from vito 's .	pizza	negative
this is one of my favorite places to eat for breakfast !	places	positive
this is one of my favorite places to eat for breakfast !	breakfast	positive
good , fun , clean place in a nice location .	place	positive
good , fun , clean place in a nice location .	location	positive
now that 's customer service !	customer service	positive
sounds to me like she just wants my money .	money	negative
the homemade tortillas so so good .	homemade tortillas	positive
now the place is always empty .	place	negative
they said my works pizza and drinks would arrive in about 30-45 mins .	works pizza	positive
great office !	office	positive
i would definitely recommend this to others as a great place for lunch .	lunch	positive
the meat was really chewy and the vegetables were mushy .	meat	negative
the meat was really chewy and the vegetables were mushy .	vegetables	negative
love this place !	place	positive
nothing like great tortillas to make everything taste good .	tortillas	negative
bring back the other band !	band	positive
the place was clean and looked very elegant , a real surprise .	place	positive
cute store , nicest employees that seem to enjoy and love what they do .	store	positive
cute store , nicest employees that seem to enjoy and love what they do .	employees	positive
this repair shop comes highly recommended !	repair shop	positive
great environment , excellent food , and great service .	environment	positive
great environment , excellent food , and great service .	food	positive
great environment , excellent food , and great service .	service	positive
i got a sample and it was so good .	sample	positive
great family fun for only $ _num_ .	family fun	positive
love this store !	store	positive
imagine amazingly fluffy pancakes , with a little heat and aftertaste of the jalapenos .	pancakes	positive
imagine amazingly fluffy pancakes , with a little heat and aftertaste of the jalapenos .	jalapenos	positive
the wings are small and not worth the money .	wings	negative
the prices are also very reasonable .	prices	positive
oh well , off to see if planet fitness is any better .	planet fitness	positive
no fresh pasta to be seen .	fresh pasta	negative
great food totally worth the extra few bucks you would save some where else .	food	positive
i 've only been here for dessert and had great service !	dessert	positive
i 've only been here for dessert and had great service !	service	positive
this office is very friendly and efficient !	office	positive
super friendly and all the kids seemed to like it .	kids	positive
she did pay half the vet bill in a somewhat timely manner .	vet bill	positive
he is great to work with and his quality of product is amazing !	quality of product	positive
really friendly staff with a fairly clean place .	staff	positive
really friendly staff with a fairly clean place .	place	positive
the food was delicious .	food	positive
i was not happy with their mobile battery service .	mobile battery service	negative
this is a very traditional american style buffet .	buffet	positive
the margarita chicken was dry and had little flavor .	margarita chicken	negative
i love the happy hour menu and prices .	menu	positive
i love the happy hour menu and prices .	prices	positive
poor service and was not impressed by the food .	service	negative
poor service and was not impressed by the food .	food	negative
one of the best italian grinders i 've experienced .	italian grinders	positive
they have quality food and i love everyone that works here !	food	positive
this time the woman , was extremely rude .	woman	negative
great cut at a great price .	cut	positive
great cut at a great price .	price	positive
salsa is always good the hot & the mild .	salsa	positive
every single time i 've gone the service has been awful .	service	negative
the smoked mozzarella is unique .	smoked mozzarella	positive
the wings rule .	wings	positive
the service we had was exceptional .	service	positive
i do not recommend people go to that state farm .	state farm	negative
so , he quickly cut that out and put in a new pipe .	pipe	negative
this place is awesome .	place	positive
great italian food .	italian food	positive
amazing pineapple shrimp salad and avocado roll .	pineapple shrimp salad	positive
amazing pineapple shrimp salad and avocado roll .	avocado roll	positive
definitely would recommend this place for seafood lovers !	seafood	positive
this place was horrible , service was the worst i 've ever had !	place	negative
this place was horrible , service was the worst i 've ever had !	service	negative
good stuff !	stuff	positive
we have been loyal aaa customers for over _num_ years .	aaa customers	positive
i ordered the lunch beef and broccoli and it was very tasty .	lunch beef and broccoli	positive
the spaghetti was stuck together like it was sitting out for hours .	spaghetti	negative
the dining room could use some updating , service is generally good .	dining room	positive
the dining room could use some updating , service is generally good .	service	positive
great beer menu and great pizza .	beer menu	positive
great beer menu and great pizza .	pizza	positive
it seems like they need more cashiers .	cashiers	negative
this layout is horribly inconvenient .	layout	negative
_num_ bucks for a taco plate , no thanks !	taco plate	negative
yeah for frys !	frys	positive
the staff has always been accessible and have created a wonderful learning environment .	staff	positive
the staff has always been accessible and have created a wonderful learning environment .	learning environment	positive
the man working gave me strange looks and never apologized .	man	negative
probably the best filet i 've had .	filet	positive
i always feel like a movie star when i leave with gorgeous hair .	hair	positive
we used them only because it was who our home warranty company sent out .	home warranty company	positive
- avoid this place like the plague .	place	negative
the best place i have ever eaten in arizona friendly staff .	place	positive
the best place i have ever eaten in arizona friendly staff .	staff	positive
two words : real crab .	crab	positive
the meat was marinated perfectly and tasted amazing .	meat	positive
always great service and fantastic food .	service	positive
always great service and fantastic food .	food	positive
when my sushi arrived the bartender brought out the soy sauce .	sushi	positive
when my sushi arrived the bartender brought out the soy sauce .	bartender	positive
when my sushi arrived the bartender brought out the soy sauce .	soy sauce	positive
i would not recommend this place for anyone .	place	negative
awesome food and really great service !	food	positive
awesome food and really great service !	service	positive
the service is always good and their other entrees are n't bad either .	service	positive
the service is always good and their other entrees are n't bad either .	entrees	positive
lovely atmosphere and right down to the bread and vinegar everything was wonderful .	atmosphere	positive
lovely atmosphere and right down to the bread and vinegar everything was wonderful .	bread	positive
thank you so much for a great cut and superior service !	cut	positive
thank you so much for a great cut and superior service !	service	positive
i have to say - top notch service and great food .	service	positive
i have to say - top notch service and great food .	food	positive
the whole team is so professional , immaculate and amazing .	team	positive
courtney is a fantastic bartender !	bartender	positive
love this place !	place	positive
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .	salon	positive
happy hour is pretty bomb at this place .	place	negative
the mac and cheese was great , too !	mac and cheese	positive
cheap dried up luke warm meet .	meet	negative
are n't these people the dentists ?	dentists	positive
the food is delicious .	food	positive
its old , dirty and you will never get your security deposit back .	security deposit	negative
this is my favorite spot in downtown chandler no question .	spot	positive
but our requests for water and bread were so delayed .	water	negative
but our requests for water and bread were so delayed .	bread	negative
it 's a great place to have a girls weekend .	girls	positive
this location is also great for lunch if you have business in downtown mesa .	location	positive
this location is also great for lunch if you have business in downtown mesa .	lunch	positive
best wings in arizona !	wings	positive
they serve starbucks coffee , but lack the fancy machines .	starbucks coffee	positive
they serve starbucks coffee , but lack the fancy machines .	machines	negative
nice place , very friendly staff , warm , and inviting one to buy .	place	positive
nice place , very friendly staff , warm , and inviting one to buy .	staff	positive
always great service and friendly staff .	service	positive
always great service and friendly staff .	staff	positive
i did n't finish my egg roll .	egg roll	negative
macadamia nut crusted chicken .	macadamia nut crusted chicken	positive
the staff are very attentive .	staff	positive
not worth the price .	price	negative
service is fast and the bar tenders are great .	service	positive
service is fast and the bar tenders are great .	bar tenders	positive
the worst things about the room were the bed and pillows .	room	negative
the worst things about the room were the bed and pillows .	bed	negative
the worst things about the room were the bed and pillows .	pillows	negative
the dining experience was perfect , from beginning to end .	dining experience	positive
i explained that i left it with our server , who was terrible .	server	negative
this bandera has been one of my favorite spots for _num_ years .	bandera	positive
the menu has a good mix of american and mexican food .	menu	positive
the menu has a good mix of american and mexican food .	mexican food	positive
the food is delicious .	food	positive
i love thai food and a friend recommended this place .	thai food	positive
one of the top _num_ dining experiences in az .	dining	positive
everyone is pretty friendly and approachable .	everyone	positive
the food is good and what you would expect .	food	positive
great breakfasts !	breakfasts	positive
the veal osso buco is outstanding - best i have tasted .	veal osso buco	positive
everything is top notch at this course .	course	positive
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .	afternoon	positive
our experience here was superb from the ordering process to eating .	ordering process	positive
our experience here was superb from the ordering process to eating .	eating	positive
great music !	music	positive
the calzones are fantastic !	calzones	positive
the staff at discount tire very professional and fast .	staff	positive
great breakfast !	breakfast	positive
he was thorough and just an all around genuine doctor .	doctor	positive
i paid _num_ dollars for a slice that tasted like cardboard .	slice	negative
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	thai basil pasta	positive
i can only give this company _num_ star based on their disappointing costumer service .	costumer service	negative
love their omelets and biscuits and gravy !	omelets and biscuits	positive
poor form china wok .	china wok	negative
sorry , i can not recommend this place .	place	negative
best sashimi in the valley hands down !	sashimi in the valley	positive
we had the best time !	time	positive
has a great dinner with our !	dinner	positive
taylor helped me find the perfect dress for my wedding !	dress	positive
this food was amazing .	food	positive
best salsa , especially the green .	salsa	positive
best salsa , especially the green .	green	positive
like its my fault that their customer service sucks ?	customer service	negative
their spaghetti pizza is also pretty darn good .	spaghetti pizza	positive
i am completely turned off by their student services dept .	student services dept	negative
regular coffee goes just fine with their treats .	coffee	positive
regular coffee goes just fine with their treats .	treats	positive
usually they are pretty spot on .	spot	positive
the sweet potatoes and the tuna were my favorite thing on the plate .	sweet potatoes	positive
the sweet potatoes and the tuna were my favorite thing on the plate .	tuna	positive
the food sucks -- delivered cold .	food	negative
i really appreciate the wonderful service at brakes plus .	service	positive
the lack of service deserves zero stars .	service	negative
as for the food ... outstanding ... .	food	positive
love the burger and mango margarita .	burger and mango margarita	positive
it works as an old-fashioned ice-cream shop .	ice-cream shop	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
horrible , horrible service !	service	negative
also , this is the only place that will ship the wine for me .	wine	positive
rob was very nice and i just fell in love with my tattoo .	rob	positive
rob was very nice and i just fell in love with my tattoo .	tattoo	positive
love having breakfast there .	breakfast	positive
rush stated several times that i needed to follow up with my insurance company .	insurance	negative
nice and clean store to get fresh meat .	store	positive
nice and clean store to get fresh meat .	meat	positive
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
did i mention that the food is fantastic ?	food	positive
the food is wonderful and creative .	food	positive
it is dirty and lots of walking but it is an amazing experience .	walking	negative
i am so pleased with the hair , bonds , color , and cut !	hair	positive
i am so pleased with the hair , bonds , color , and cut !	bonds	positive
i am so pleased with the hair , bonds , color , and cut !	color	positive
the wait just to see a teller is always a minimum of _num_ minutes .	wait	negative
love this place !	place	positive
the manager has zero sense of urgency or compassion .	manager	negative
very happy with this place .	place	positive
anyway , the wings are amazing .	wings	positive
i have always received wonderful care from the staff and vets there .	staff	positive
i have found my new mechanic for all my car repairs !	mechanic	positive
breakfast burrito is also pretty good .	breakfast burrito	positive
this place is my favorite asian restaurant .	place	positive
really an average course that was fairly easy .	course	positive
what a neat place !	place	positive
the quality and quantity of food was excellent !	quality	positive
the quality and quantity of food was excellent !	quantity of food	positive
late night we ordered pepperoni sicilian pizza and it was very good .	pepperoni sicilian pizza	positive
plus , she treated my allergies like nothing .	allergies	negative
staff wo n't bother , either .	staff	positive
delicious food that is consistently good .	food	positive
we are going to make this a regular celebration restaurant .	restaurant	positive
our pup is always so excited to go inside and see everybody .	pup	positive
their cappuccino is good .	cappuccino	positive
good service and great prices .	service	positive
good service and great prices .	prices	positive
average ( rail / draft ) price $ _num_ .	price $	negative
our server was great & they had a happy hour making it reasonably priced .	server	positive
our server was great & they had a happy hour making it reasonably priced .	priced	positive
appetizer and happy hour specials great value for early dinner .	appetizer	positive
appetizer and happy hour specials great value for early dinner .	dinner	positive
the staff was nowhere to be found .	staff	negative
the staff are so friendly and awesome .	staff	positive
seriously , $ _num_ for _num_ corn tortilla enchiladas .	corn tortilla enchiladas	positive
thank you scottsdale health for opening .	scottsdale health	positive
on top of this , their entire staff is very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
basmati rice was prepared fine , but still nothing special .	basmati rice	positive
my salesman , jonathan , was excellent !	salesman	positive
the staff is always so friendly and willing to answer any questions you have .	staff	positive
the interior is pedestrian at best , but still a pleasant environment .	interior	negative
the interior is pedestrian at best , but still a pleasant environment .	environment	positive
judy was like a family member and very friendly .	judy	positive
pizza is always made fresh , not that rubbery chewy pizza from chain restaurants .	pizza	positive
pizza is always made fresh , not that rubbery chewy pizza from chain restaurants .	pizza	positive
the dough just was tasteless like cardboard .	dough	negative
i must admit that service every time i dine , is slow at best .	service	negative
food is very good .	food	positive
great food and great service !	food	positive
great food and great service !	service	positive
after we got our appetizer and drinks , our server abandoned us .	appetizer	negative
after we got our appetizer and drinks , our server abandoned us .	drinks	negative
after we got our appetizer and drinks , our server abandoned us .	server	negative
_num_ stars for the food , _num_ for the service .	food	positive
_num_ stars for the food , _num_ for the service .	service	positive
the service is impeccable !	service	positive
then the oreo cake desert was just the perfect end to a great meal .	oreo cake desert	positive
then the oreo cake desert was just the perfect end to a great meal .	meal	positive
every seat is a good one .	seat	positive
horrible attitudes !	attitudes	negative
hands down the most bland food i 've ever had .	food	negative
service was terrible .	service	negative
kudos to you charleston 's !	kudos	positive
i tried three different beers here , and they were all not good .	beers	negative
you get what you pay for , and this place is still a ripoff .	place	negative
this place is great .	place	positive
we were so excited to try this place out .	place	positive
the manager was the only good thing about this location .	manager	positive
the manager was the only good thing about this location .	location	negative
the chicken was dry and clearly had been sitting on heat for several hours .	chicken	negative
love this place just for the environment and service .	environment	positive
love this place just for the environment and service .	service	positive
california burrito is amazing .	california burrito	positive
the service was pretty good and the food came out quickly .	service	positive
the service was pretty good and the food came out quickly .	food	positive
had the artichoke hearts as an appetizer and it was great .	artichoke hearts	positive
had the artichoke hearts as an appetizer and it was great .	appetizer	positive
i will not be back to haji baba .	haji baba	negative
lots of girls and the bar is a classy lay out .	bar	positive
and , the service was absolutely fantastic .	service	positive
awesome considering she thought the work had just ended .	work	positive
parking sucks .	parking	negative
love this girl !	girl	positive
the service was quick and the food was really good .	service	positive
the service was quick and the food was really good .	food	positive
love it when moco is the cook , his burritos are the best !	cook	positive
love it when moco is the cook , his burritos are the best !	burritos	positive
best donuts in town .	donuts	positive
i ordered an individual pepperoni pizza , and a dozen wings .	pepperoni pizza	positive
i ordered an individual pepperoni pizza , and a dozen wings .	wings	positive
great aveda salon in n. phoenix .	aveda salon	positive
but bottled water does count so that 's good too .	bottled water	positive
great spot !	spot	positive
this place is great !	place	positive
get the 1/2 size and i promise you will leave full .	size	positive
great shop , honest people !	shop	positive
this is the worst restaurant i have visited so far .	restaurant	negative
course conditions are very good , especially for the price .	course conditions	positive
course conditions are very good , especially for the price .	price	positive
music inside was loud but patio is great .	music	negative
music inside was loud but patio is great .	patio	positive
for a butcher , we expected a good steak .	steak	positive
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .	marinara sauce	positive
happy tenant .	tenant	positive
very professional and always gets the job done .	job	positive
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	teriyaki chicken bento box	positive
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	sashimi	positive
love the flavor .	flavor	positive
great pizza .	pizza	positive
great pictures everywhere .	pictures	positive
my experience was much better and i enjoyed the shopping for a new purse .	purse	positive
very good service .	service	positive
this place rocks !	place	positive
although the food was pretty good the service was terrible .	food	positive
although the food was pretty good the service was terrible .	service	negative
both green and red salsa great .	green	positive
both green and red salsa great .	red salsa	positive
our waitress that time had complete disregard for it .	waitress	negative
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	bar	negative
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	wine order	negative
absolutely love this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
been 3x , had same waitress twice , great service !	waitress	positive
been 3x , had same waitress twice , great service !	service	positive
this phx establishment is worth a visit .	phx establishment	positive
i only wish we had food and service this good back home .	food	positive
i only wish we had food and service this good back home .	service	positive
nypd is some of the worst pizza i 've ever had in my lifetime .	pizza	negative
the food came out barely warm .	food	negative
my cut and color is amazing and i get compliments all the time .	cut	positive
my cut and color is amazing and i get compliments all the time .	color	positive
no apologies , no manager apologies , nothing .	manager	negative
it also has a very bad smell inside .	smell	negative
i waited _num_ minutes to go see a show i already had tickets to .	show	negative
i waited _num_ minutes to go see a show i already had tickets to .	tickets	negative
what a waste of time and money .	money	negative
highly recommend if you want to have some quiet time .	time	positive
fat trainers .	fat trainers	negative
angela was amazing .	angela	positive
clean room , great service , and quiet .	room	positive
clean room , great service , and quiet .	service	positive
this is really an exceptional italian deli !	italian deli	positive
wait times can be absolutely ridiculous even late at night .	wait times	negative
absolutely love this place !	place	positive
if i had known , i would n't have ordered food .	food	negative
he then went into a hard sales pitch about getting a new tire .	sales	negative
he then went into a hard sales pitch about getting a new tire .	tire	negative
the food is always delicious .	food	positive
love lunch express !	lunch express	positive
it was not worth the price or the rude service .	price	negative
it was not worth the price or the rude service .	service	negative
bacon wrapped scallops !	bacon wrapped scallops	positive
the pool looks like a dirty mexican jacuzzi and smells like one too .	pool	positive
the pool looks like a dirty mexican jacuzzi and smells like one too .	mexican jacuzzi	positive
just covered in oil .	oil	negative
she 's been very happy with her glasses .	glasses	positive
this is our second time here and the food and atmosphere is perfect .	food	positive
this is our second time here and the food and atmosphere is perfect .	atmosphere	positive
i highly recommend checking this place out .	place	positive
it 's april _num_ , which of course means this place would be busy .	place	negative
they feel mashed potatoes are a garnish for the steak or fish .	mashed potatoes	positive
they feel mashed potatoes are a garnish for the steak or fish .	steak	negative
they feel mashed potatoes are a garnish for the steak or fish .	fish	negative
zero stars for that .	stars	negative
my s & s chicken was perfect and in a nice sized portion .	chicken	positive
my s & s chicken was perfect and in a nice sized portion .	portion	positive
both were cooked perfectly .	cooked	positive
asu is not the most safe neighborhood .	neighborhood	negative
still love this place !	place	positive
the food was delicious and well portioned and the atmosphere was relaxed .	food	positive
the food was delicious and well portioned and the atmosphere was relaxed .	portioned	positive
the food was delicious and well portioned and the atmosphere was relaxed .	atmosphere	positive
bring friends , drink a lot , and have a good time .	drink	positive
1st time ordering delivery from rush street .	delivery	negative
razz 's restaurant is a wonderful find !	razz	positive
razz 's restaurant is a wonderful find !	restaurant	positive
pizza was unimpressive and my slice was cold .	pizza	negative
pizza was unimpressive and my slice was cold .	slice	negative
this arby 's sucks .	arby	negative
the sound system is terrible .	sound system	negative
improve your customer service , and you should probably get some different employees .	customer service	negative
improve your customer service , and you should probably get some different employees .	employees	negative
this place is amazing !	place	positive
the owner is very personable and makes himself available if need be .	owner	positive
i could n't even finish my french dip the meat was so flavorless .	french dip	negative
i could n't even finish my french dip the meat was so flavorless .	meat	negative
nothing had any flavor at all !	flavor	negative
very clean , great customer service , food put together nicely !	customer service	positive
very clean , great customer service , food put together nicely !	food	positive
i would definitely recommend anyone looking for a doggie day care to go here !	doggie day care	positive
as a former starbucks employee , i recommend this location .	location	positive
will definitely recommend to clients .	clients	positive
also , do n't get a room next to the stairs .	room	negative
also , do n't get a room next to the stairs .	stairs	negative
absolute garbage food .	garbage food	negative
staff are very friendly and willing to adjust to meet your requests .	staff	positive
this is one of the best pizzas in arizona .	pizzas	positive
probably one of the best places for breakfast in az .	breakfast	positive
great atmosphere and prices !	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and prices !	prices	positive
this i will say , i like the vibe of the salon itself .	salon	positive
the cocktails were awesome ; unique and tasty .	cocktails	positive
poor service is my pet peeve , no matter where it is found .	service	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
maybe i am a snob , but this place was just like a goodwill .	place	negative
negative _num_ stars for the poor garage staff .	garage staff	negative
their special recipes are delicious !	special recipes	positive
just to find inside that there is no seating anywhere .	seating	negative
this place has great pizza and wings - i miss it .	pizza	positive
this place has great pizza and wings - i miss it .	wings	positive
i went to this location on a friday and it was so loud inside .	location	negative
staff was great , friendly .	staff	positive
in our party of _num_ , the service was slow & not very attentive .	service	negative
huge thank you to angel for saving our valentines evening !	valentines	positive
i repeat ... do not go to this venue .	venue	negative
the food is great here and the portions huge .	food	positive
the food is great here and the portions huge .	portions	positive
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	persian food	positive
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	service	positive
good family place with solid breakfast !	family place	positive
good family place with solid breakfast !	breakfast	positive
janet does the most fabulous job with gel nails and pedicures .	gel nails	positive
janet does the most fabulous job with gel nails and pedicures .	pedicures	positive
cowboy ciao ... well ... no .	cowboy	positive
great customer service and selection .	customer service	positive
great customer service and selection .	selection	positive
the best dentist and staff in az by far !	dentist	positive
the best dentist and staff in az by far !	staff	positive
they make different flavored fresh tortillas .	flavored fresh tortillas	positive
me : this bill would total close to $ _num_ .	bill	positive
i really liked the room and the fitness center was good as well .	room	positive
i really liked the room and the fitness center was good as well .	fitness center	positive
lon 's is always amazing for drinks and apps under the stars .	drinks	positive
lon 's is always amazing for drinks and apps under the stars .	apps	positive
this is a family friendly nail salon .	nail salon	positive
the salon is quiet and clean .	salon	positive
the stetson chopped was amazing .	stetson chopped	positive
shannon was very helpful and knew the process very well .	shannon	positive
beer tastings , sake tastings , inventive sandwiches and breakfasts .	beer	positive
beer tastings , sake tastings , inventive sandwiches and breakfasts .	sake tastings	positive
beer tastings , sake tastings , inventive sandwiches and breakfasts .	sandwiches	positive
beer tastings , sake tastings , inventive sandwiches and breakfasts .	breakfasts	positive
the staff was really friendly .	staff	positive
their smoothies are also refreshing .	smoothies	positive
good food at a great price .	food	positive
good food at a great price .	price	positive
honest skilled work at a fair price , with excellent communication .	price	positive
my daughter was way to sick to have just an ear infection .	ear	negative
green chili pork burrito was very good as well .	green chili pork burrito	positive
the pricing is very reasonable .	pricing	positive
that was not fresh mozzarella .	mozzarella	negative
the food is so good , the atmosphere is relaxing and inviting .	food	positive
the food is so good , the atmosphere is relaxing and inviting .	atmosphere	positive
last night we stopped by for a couple of cocktails and some snacks .	cocktails	positive
last night we stopped by for a couple of cocktails and some snacks .	snacks	positive
the food was phenomenal .	food	positive
what a treat on wednesday night to hear the singing bartender .	bartender	positive
best bar in scottsdale !	bar	positive
jim came on time as scheduled and did a very professional job .	jim	positive
this is literally the worst mcdonald 's i have ever gone to .	mcdonald 's	negative
the salad alone is one i will want again .	salad	positive
amazing asian chicken salad !	asian chicken salad	positive
the food was mediocre at best .	food	negative
the miso soup seems like its from a dry mix .	miso soup	negative
that was the only reason i picked that service .	service	positive
thursday night live music is worth the trip .	live music	positive
the workers are helpful and pleasant .	workers	positive
but everything tasted great and the service was quick and friendly .	service	positive
i walk around checking out the stuff even walk by them and nothing !	stuff	negative
great music and wine selection !	music	positive
great music and wine selection !	wine selection	positive
the white rice was also dry .	white rice	negative
each experience has been wonderful , both the food and the service .	food	positive
each experience has been wonderful , both the food and the service .	service	positive
the food is extremely sub par .	food	negative
love love love grazie - very cool pizza and wine bar in old town .	grazie	positive
love love love grazie - very cool pizza and wine bar in old town .	pizza	positive
love love love grazie - very cool pizza and wine bar in old town .	wine bar	positive
the units are outdated , dark , and depressing .	units	negative
the grounds are spectacular ; my newly remodeled room no .	grounds	positive
the grounds are spectacular ; my newly remodeled room no .	room	positive
absolutely love santisi brothers !	santisi brothers	positive
the people they have working there now are wonderful .	people	positive
all rooms were dark and dingy .	rooms	negative
it 's bigger than a chuck e cheese and the staff is way friendlier .	chuck e cheese	positive
it 's bigger than a chuck e cheese and the staff is way friendlier .	staff	positive
friendly atmosphere and great work .	atmosphere	positive
service was great as well !	service	positive
the toasted ravioli was good and the sauce for dipping had a nice bite .	toasted ravioli	positive
the toasted ravioli was good and the sauce for dipping had a nice bite .	sauce	positive
this is my favorite restaurant !	restaurant	positive
great little place , i love the grocery store concept with the deli .	grocery	positive
great little place , i love the grocery store concept with the deli .	deli	positive
much thinner , the eggs benedict should be avoided .	eggs benedict	negative
the hot towel is a nice touch .	hot towel	positive
nobody needs a nine year battery in arizona .	battery	positive
we stayed in the one bedroom suite complete with a kitchen !	suite	positive
we stayed in the one bedroom suite complete with a kitchen !	kitchen	positive
the waitress threw numerous amounts of napkins and utensils at me ... .	waitress	negative
the waitress threw numerous amounts of napkins and utensils at me ... .	napkins	negative
the waitress threw numerous amounts of napkins and utensils at me ... .	utensils	negative
the venue is absolutely gorgeous and not a bad seat in the house !	venue	positive
the venue is absolutely gorgeous and not a bad seat in the house !	seat	positive
charlie was clean neat and professional .	charlie	positive
hospitality was great !	hospitality	positive
the egg rolls are amazing and fried rice is off the chain good !	egg rolls	positive
the egg rolls are amazing and fried rice is off the chain good !	fried rice	positive
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	place	positive
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	signage	negative
very professional staff , with a great balance of service and friendliness .	staff	positive
very professional staff , with a great balance of service and friendliness .	service	positive
rude waitress and no smiles at all .	waitress	negative
i recommend this resort to anyone looking for an amazing experience with a resort .	resort	positive
the pizza then sat there for seven hours and was then sold to me .	pizza	negative
the grounds were kept very clean and the staff was pleasant and helpful .	grounds	positive
the grounds were kept very clean and the staff was pleasant and helpful .	staff	positive
excellent work .	work	positive
my husband had the salmon oscar which is served over bread pudding .	salmon oscar	positive
my husband had the salmon oscar which is served over bread pudding .	served	positive
my husband had the salmon oscar which is served over bread pudding .	bread pudding	negative
love the all you can eat bread with fresh herbs .	all you can	positive
love the all you can eat bread with fresh herbs .	bread	positive
this place is an occasional treat for me rather than a habit .	place	positive
great caprese salad .	caprese salad	positive
overall , it 's a great burger and good vibe .	burger	positive
overall , it 's a great burger and good vibe .	vibe	positive
i could n't even taste the lemon at all .	lemon	negative
these folks are the real deal and worth every penny and more .	folks	positive
this is by far the worst place i have ever been to !	place	negative
i ca n't sell you the display one even though it has a price .	display	negative
i ca n't sell you the display one even though it has a price .	price	negative
overpriced sushi , and not so good .	sushi	negative
what great service !	service	positive
the menu makes it easy to pick from .	menu	positive
they helped me feel safe and comfortable and fully explained all of my questions .	questions	positive
the service has always been wonderful .	service	positive
the prices are good too and they deliver .	prices	positive
i love the staff here they are awesome .	staff	positive
every time i go there is great music and awesome customer service .	music	positive
every time i go there is great music and awesome customer service .	customer service	positive
speaking of pain , the time i had my acrylics done .	acrylics	positive
all the food that we had was top notch .	food	positive
everyone was cool to us .	everyone	positive
terrible drinks .	drinks	negative
my husband also loved the chicken parmesan sandwich and the cheesesteak sandwich .	chicken parmesan sandwich	positive
my husband also loved the chicken parmesan sandwich and the cheesesteak sandwich .	cheesesteak sandwich	positive
lady # _num_ went to the back .	lady	negative
this experience would never have happened at their vegas stores .	stores	positive
i went to the restroom to cool off , i was so annoyed .	restroom	negative
however , what really makes this place for me is the service and view .	service	positive
however , what really makes this place for me is the service and view .	view	positive
worst pedicure of my life .	pedicure	negative
love this place !	place	positive
food was very good !	food	positive
and the exhibits are so neat !	exhibits	positive
she made us feel welcome and provided excellent service throughout the meal .	service	positive
she made us feel welcome and provided excellent service throughout the meal .	meal	positive
gave up and left full payment .	payment	negative
it looked like a pile of left overs .	left overs	negative
the sandwich had a ton of meat and tasted great on their fresh bread .	sandwich	positive
the sandwich had a ton of meat and tasted great on their fresh bread .	meat	positive
the sandwich had a ton of meat and tasted great on their fresh bread .	bread	positive
my friend also raved about her quick start conscious breakfast .	breakfast	positive
the parking is terrible .	parking	negative
outstanding work , and the service is second to none .	service	positive
the beans are so light , fluffy , and flavorful .	beans	positive
loved the guacamole , salsa and my margarita .	guacamole , salsa	positive
loved the guacamole , salsa and my margarita .	margarita	positive
the donuts are delicious , but they lack customer service .	donuts	positive
the donuts are delicious , but they lack customer service .	customer service	negative
appointments recommended .	appointments	positive
the attendant was super friendly , quick , and even washed my windshield .	attendant	positive
but every week , they have great deals on something !	deals	positive
awesome place !	place	positive
tvs too small for the size of the place .	tvs	negative
tvs too small for the size of the place .	place	negative
pedicures are still of the same quality i like to get .	pedicures	positive
pedicures are still of the same quality i like to get .	quality	positive
the crew is fun to chat with and pick on just a little .	crew	positive
the electronics people are great and actually know something about electronics .	electronics people	positive
the prices are cheap and you get even less than what you pay for .	prices	positive
and it melts in your mouth the way good milk chocolate should .	milk chocolate	positive
what can i say , it is a heck of a pie .	pie	positive
i think this food is phenomenal .	food	positive
was not at all impressed with this hotel .	hotel	negative
high prices and poor customer service .	prices	negative
high prices and poor customer service .	customer service	negative
limited variety but for $ _num_ it was fine .	variety	negative
it was a a little warm in the location !	location	negative
times during my stay because my key did n't work .	key	negative
the bar makes a great margarita too .	bar	positive
the bar makes a great margarita too .	margarita	positive
service was just decent .	service	positive
it is pathetic place .	place	negative
i have never experienced anything like this in my _num_ years of chiropractic care .	care	positive
they were completely out of plain bagels .	plain bagels	negative
great service and ok decor .	service	positive
great service and ok decor .	decor	positive
as for the food , never had it .	food	positive
we left early so we could sit down and have a drink .	drink	positive
classic dairy queen .	dairy queen	positive
i 'll definitely be back and try to explore the menu a little more .	menu	positive
saw dr. price for my issue and it was such a pleasant experience .	price	positive
workers were not overly friendly .	workers	positive
trying to get someone to help you in this place is a serious joke !	place	negative
the food was horrible !	food	negative
their bread is great even eaten alone .	bread	positive
bought a groupon and tried this place out after reading mixed reviews .	groupon	positive
yet there 3-4 boys standing around with nothing to do .	boys	negative
chances are we would n't return to italian grotto .	italian grotto	negative
however some pretty ladies helped me find it and i enjoyed some great wine .	wine	positive
i enjoy the bang for your buck !	bang	positive
got wings as well and would not recommend for delivery .	wings	negative
got wings as well and would not recommend for delivery .	delivery	negative
made my dress look even more beautiful and fit like a dream !	dress	positive
seriously the best chocolate cake donuts ever .	chocolate cake donuts	positive
bread tasted like it was from a bag .	bread	negative
bread tasted like it was from a bag .	bag	negative
we may become a regular here because of how amazing the service was !	service	positive
excellent pies and a cozy atmosphere as well .	pies	positive
excellent pies and a cozy atmosphere as well .	atmosphere	positive
good service .	service	positive
they have a great selection of wine .	selection of wine	positive
this place is all hype , but they do n't perform .	place	negative
while the staff was mostly great , the room was not .	staff	negative
while the staff was mostly great , the room was not .	room	negative
pool is amazing .	pool	positive
they give boring dinner rolls with dinner now instead of the yummy corn bread .	dinner rolls	negative
they give boring dinner rolls with dinner now instead of the yummy corn bread .	dinner	negative
they give boring dinner rolls with dinner now instead of the yummy corn bread .	corn bread	negative
place was good .	place	positive
they treat my furry family as one of their own .	family	positive
all the ladies i referred to this office have left too .	ladies	negative
all the ladies i referred to this office have left too .	office	negative
thanks for such a great little mexican joint !	mexican joint	positive
love their sicilian .	sicilian	positive
low and behold , our food arrives and neither steak is correct .	food	negative
low and behold , our food arrives and neither steak is correct .	steak	negative
shame on you , villa !	villa	negative
booked appointment online waste of time .	appointment	negative
i almost think it 's a race thing , i 'm white .	race	negative
just bad service and not handicap friendly !	service	negative
they also do n't use seasoning .	seasoning	negative
( counter help lacked in past , great now ! )	counter help	negative
we have to hire another carpet cleaning company to clean our carpets .	carpet cleaning	negative
fast quality service !	quality service	positive
the food was bland , soggy and basic .	food	negative
the best repair technicians .	repair technicians	positive
just a shitty selection .	selection	negative
i did n't have an iphone .	iphone	negative
the staff are always nice and are on top with whatever you need .	staff	positive
worst of all , i got sick from his food .	food	negative
they price matched costco as well .	price	positive
they price matched costco as well .	costco	positive
what kind of a place does n't take cc 's ?	place	negative
we always get one of each `` heat '' .	heat	positive
such trust worthy people .	people	positive
always quick to issues , amazing response ... great job !	job	positive
many options on crust styles and the crust flavor is amazing .	crust styles	positive
many options on crust styles and the crust flavor is amazing .	crust flavor	positive
the music is at a level that is just right .	music	positive
she would n't change my nail color because it was gel .	nail color	negative
not even a buzz nor a discount , refund or apology .	buzz	negative
not even a buzz nor a discount , refund or apology .	discount	negative
i really loved this hotel .	hotel	positive
food was impressive .	food	positive
never have i a paid _num_ for a worst salad .	salad	positive
i loved my hair when i left and still do !	hair	positive
the place was clean and best part there were no bed bugs or roaches !	place	positive
the place was clean and best part there were no bed bugs or roaches !	bed bugs	negative
the place was clean and best part there were no bed bugs or roaches !	roaches	negative
this is a great restaurant .	restaurant	positive
it was like they had dumped chili powder into it .	chili powder	negative
this is a wonderful hotel .	hotel	positive
i 'm convinced that this is the smallest peter piper in existence .	peter piper	negative
reasonable price , had a great red curry !	price	positive
reasonable price , had a great red curry !	red curry	positive
the arcade room smells horrible , the carpet is disgusting .	arcade room	negative
the arcade room smells horrible , the carpet is disgusting .	carpet	negative
no water was running over the cooler pad .	water	negative
no water was running over the cooler pad .	cooler pad	negative
this is a great shop that 's not far from my house .	shop	positive
food is great , service is great !	food	positive
food is great , service is great !	service	positive
i used them to manage my property and they did a spectacular job .	property	positive
pathetic place , worst food .	place	negative
pathetic place , worst food .	food	negative
juke box !	juke box	positive
food came out & food was bland and so disappointing .	food	negative
food came out & food was bland and so disappointing .	food	negative
it looks like they even have cheese making supplies .	cheese making supplies	negative
the tap list in the basement bar is also fantastic .	tap list in	positive
love love love !	love	positive
do n't delay , hit sushi kee today !	sushi kee	positive
alan and bill are super nice and thorough .	bill	positive
service was great .	service	positive
do not take your dogs here ; you will be sorry .	dogs	negative
no drive-thru option .	drive-thru	negative
the homemade bakery items are very good too .	homemade bakery items	positive
open 24/7 with a drive through and an exceptional selection of donuts .	selection of donuts	positive
worst service i have ever received .	service	negative
and most importantly , the car honestly looks as good as new .	car	positive
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	scenery	positive
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	staff	positive
i like to hit it up for breakfast every once in a while .	breakfast	positive
eateries .	eateries	positive
the food is delicious and definitely way better than your average chinese delivery spot .	food	positive
the food is delicious and definitely way better than your average chinese delivery spot .	spot	positive
great service .	service	positive
this was apparently news to the bartender , the waitress and the manager .	bartender	positive
this was apparently news to the bartender , the waitress and the manager .	waitress	positive
this was apparently news to the bartender , the waitress and the manager .	manager	positive
i absolutely love their pizza !	pizza	positive
the pasta is excellent .	pasta	positive
for the money , this is the best food in eastern mesa .	food	positive
one star for the most terrible service in recent memory .	service	negative
prices are reasonable and food is served quickly .	prices	positive
prices are reasonable and food is served quickly .	food	positive
prices are reasonable and food is served quickly .	served	positive
owner was incredibly rude and unhelpful .	owner	negative
have tried almost everything on the menu and love it all .	menu	positive
the bowl of queso - not worth it one bit .	bowl of queso	negative
their breakfast burritos are awesome , mostly because their tortillas are amazing .	breakfast burritos	positive
their breakfast burritos are awesome , mostly because their tortillas are amazing .	tortillas	positive
great martinis and fabulous food !	martinis	positive
great martinis and fabulous food !	food	positive
love this place !	place	positive
nice selection , nice prices , quick service .	selection	positive
nice selection , nice prices , quick service .	prices	positive
nice selection , nice prices , quick service .	service	positive
a burger is an ok order , but stay away from the reuben .	burger	negative
a burger is an ok order , but stay away from the reuben .	reuben	negative
no issues , great massage services .	massage services	positive
i had a scramble with roasted peppers , fresh basil and provolone .	roasted peppers	positive
i had a scramble with roasted peppers , fresh basil and provolone .	fresh basil	positive
i had a scramble with roasted peppers , fresh basil and provolone .	provolone	positive
small place about _num_ tables inside .	place	negative
small place about _num_ tables inside .	tables	negative
price was more than right , less than he quoted me .	price	positive
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
amazing food .	food	positive
best chinese food ever !	chinese food	positive
there was only one cook .	cook	negative
kabobs were wonderful and the portions very large .	kabobs	positive
kabobs were wonderful and the portions very large .	portions	positive
the restaurant has a dark , classy , old-school feel .	feel	positive
we sat down outside on the patio ... waited _num_ minutes to get menus .	menus	negative
as stated previously by many others , this company has horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
the live music they have is always good .	live music	positive
worst water park .	water park	negative
i really liked the food and the price was perfect .	food	positive
i really liked the food and the price was perfect .	price	positive
best dentist ever !	dentist	positive
perfect atmosphere , perfect staff , perfect location , perfect drinks .	atmosphere	positive
perfect atmosphere , perfect staff , perfect location , perfect drinks .	staff	positive
perfect atmosphere , perfect staff , perfect location , perfect drinks .	location	positive
perfect atmosphere , perfect staff , perfect location , perfect drinks .	drinks	positive
the suite style rooms are well maintained .	suite style rooms	positive
they have great flavors and really yummy sandwich creations .	flavors	positive
they have great flavors and really yummy sandwich creations .	sandwich creations	positive
the service was horrible .	service	negative
the place is always spotless !	place	negative
excellent service and food is just great !	service	positive
excellent service and food is just great !	food	positive
the cleaning ladies are very nice and professional .	cleaning ladies	positive
unfortunately , my experience with this restaurant was very disappointing .	restaurant	negative
my husband and i are so thankful to have found this clinic .	clinic	positive
the smoked duck and the jalapeno mac was great !	smoked duck	positive
the smoked duck and the jalapeno mac was great !	jalapeno mac	positive
i enjoyed the resort a lot .	resort	positive
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	priced	negative
... great : food , service , & atmosphere .	food	positive
... great : food , service , & atmosphere .	service	positive
... great : food , service , & atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the meatball sandwich is incredible !	meatball sandwich	positive
i wish the butter and horrible garlic were n't on there .	butter	negative
i wish the butter and horrible garlic were n't on there .	garlic	negative
my husband made reservations for us online for dinner , for my birthday .	reservations	positive
my husband made reservations for us online for dinner , for my birthday .	dinner	positive
the whole table agreed , we all would n't go back .	table	positive
chicken sandwich was inedible .	chicken sandwich	negative
their service is amazing and so are the breadsticks .	service	positive
their service is amazing and so are the breadsticks .	breadsticks	positive
the service though was pretty good at this location .	service	positive
do not trust a single salesman or manager at this dealership .	manager	negative
do not trust a single salesman or manager at this dealership .	dealership	negative
i even bought great quality groceries .	groceries	positive
it has a `` homely '' feel to it .	feel	positive
the service is outstanding .	service	positive
old lady at cashier desk needs some training on customer service .	customer service	negative
great prime rib dip sandwich .	prime rib dip sandwich	positive
the chips did come out warm but the salsa was very watery .	chips	negative
the chips did come out warm but the salsa was very watery .	salsa	negative
overall i would come back because simply their food is amazing !	food	positive
alan 's air is awesome !	air	positive
the meat tasted and looked like it had been frozen .	meat	negative
did he go to the wrong apartment ?	apartment	negative
it earns you free food off the menu over time .	food	positive
it earns you free food off the menu over time .	menu	positive
and omg the most delicious italian dishes ive ever eaten !	italian dishes	positive
the food sucks , the drinks suck , the atmosphere sucks .	food	negative
the food sucks , the drinks suck , the atmosphere sucks .	drinks	negative
the food sucks , the drinks suck , the atmosphere sucks .	atmosphere	negative
the restaurant is small and charming .	restaurant	positive
great location .	location	positive
the egg roll also had meat so i could n't try that .	egg roll	negative
the egg roll also had meat so i could n't try that .	meat	negative
great service , great atmosphere .	service	positive
great service , great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
parking is good .	parking	positive
we especially enjoyed the video works exhibit !	video works exhibit	positive
a great place to eat and it is nice on the inside .	place	positive
more then ruth chris or any of the high end places i 've experienced .	places	positive
great place for dinner for _num_ or a big group .	dinner	positive
this review is purely about the poor service experienced at this legendary location .	service	negative
this review is purely about the poor service experienced at this legendary location .	location	positive
excellent service once again .	service	positive
they truly seem interested in the local patrons , and offering a wonderful experience .	patrons	positive
great way to get my coffee fix !	coffee fix	positive
the food is consistently well prepared and the service is excellent .	food	positive
the food is consistently well prepared and the service is excellent .	service	positive
its kind of in a hidden corner inside a plaza .	plaza	negative
customer service was terrible !	customer service	negative
he was also very gifted at massage .	massage	positive
this always satisfies my persian food craving .	persian food	positive
the best dining experience in the valley .	dining experience	positive
the chips have a great flavor .	chips	positive
i ordered take out , chopped salad and a short rib dinner .	take	positive
i ordered take out , chopped salad and a short rib dinner .	chopped salad	positive
i ordered take out , chopped salad and a short rib dinner .	short rib dinner	positive
hoping to get our sons birthday cake done as well !	birthday cake	positive
what an outstanding job and very professional !	job	positive
beer battered fish and chips - the fish was not beer battered .	beer	negative
beer battered fish and chips - the fish was not beer battered .	fish and chips	negative
but what i hate is bad service .	service	negative
by far the best and most authentic mexican food in the valley .	mexican food	positive
i love the atmosphere and feel .	atmosphere	positive
the salsa , refried beans , tamales , etc were all tasteless .	salsa	negative
the salsa , refried beans , tamales , etc were all tasteless .	refried beans	negative
the salsa , refried beans , tamales , etc were all tasteless .	tamales	negative
i was very pleased with the result .	result	positive
another ordered a few other meals , and they were not happy either .	meals	negative
perfect little gifts that look very special .	gifts	positive
this place is just fantastic .	place	positive
the decor is like a cafeteria .	decor	negative
food was quick , fresh and delicious !	food	positive
maybe next time i will just order take-out from this establishment instead .	take-out	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
the menu is like an upgraded applebees .	menu	positive
the menu is like an upgraded applebees .	applebees	positive
their delivery is always on time and very friendly !	delivery	positive
i usually go to the jiffy lube off chandler which provides great efficient service .	jiffy lube	positive
i usually go to the jiffy lube off chandler which provides great efficient service .	service	positive
i 'm grateful to have found east valley tires .	tires	positive
not the service .	service	negative
this place is great .	place	positive
rich food does not mean good food .	food	negative
rich food does not mean good food .	food	negative
it tastes like it 's pre-made in the morning or the night before .	pre-made	positive
at present with a _num_ star review i feel this place is way overrated .	place	negative
this trader joe 's is friendly and offers the same great tj 's products .	trader joe	positive
this trader joe 's is friendly and offers the same great tj 's products .	products	positive
i had the green flannel and it was so tasty .	green flannel	positive
explained everything and made me comfortable with my purchase .	purchase	positive
the manager that we spoke with there was extremely friendly and helpful .	manager	positive
its almost always always always expected that the prices are going to be insane .	prices	negative
they have a wide variety of food and great house margaritas .	food	positive
they have a wide variety of food and great house margaritas .	house margaritas	positive
took about _num_ minutes to serve me a double cheese burger .	double cheese burger	negative
when i put the dress on , i knew it was the perfect dress .	dress	positive
when i put the dress on , i knew it was the perfect dress .	dress	positive
no valet .	valet	negative
they treat you like a long time customer .	customer	negative
love the vibes lots of people and energy yet casual and fun .	vibes	positive
it was $ _num_ without a drink and it was worth about $ _num_ .	drink	negative
great folks , and pretty fair on prices for nice pieces .	prices	positive
great folks , and pretty fair on prices for nice pieces .	pieces	positive
the chips were extremely light and flavorful .	chips	positive
wandered around electronics for _num_ minutes without anyone offering to help me .	electronics	negative
pizza is also the best in the area and worth the extra few dollars .	pizza	positive
pizza is also the best in the area and worth the extra few dollars .	area	positive
the manager mike m. took great care of us .	manager	positive
they were very loud and made noise throughout the night .	noise	negative
excellent service , friendly staff , professional .	service	positive
excellent service , friendly staff , professional .	staff	positive
server returned to say coupon not accepted in computer .	server	negative
server returned to say coupon not accepted in computer .	coupon	negative
rooms are worn and need a remodel .	rooms	negative
this place has the true italian feel to it especially with the market inside .	place	positive
this place has the true italian feel to it especially with the market inside .	italian	positive
this place has the true italian feel to it especially with the market inside .	market	positive
it did not taste like any other thai tom yum soup .	thai tom yum soup	negative
the staff was extremely friendly and the service was great .	staff	positive
the staff was extremely friendly and the service was great .	service	positive
they lined my trunk and i am very happy with the results .	trunk	positive
they lined my trunk and i am very happy with the results .	results	positive
decent wine selection , tasty desserts and a fun atmosphere .	wine selection	positive
decent wine selection , tasty desserts and a fun atmosphere .	desserts	positive
decent wine selection , tasty desserts and a fun atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
well sunday was even worse .	sunday	positive
this is a really good breakfast joint .	breakfast joint	positive
the best breakfast in scottsdale !	breakfast	positive
great spot for tailoring needs or any small clothing fixes .	spot	positive
great spot for tailoring needs or any small clothing fixes .	clothing fixes	positive
love this place .	place	positive
great neighborhood watering hole that serves great food at a solid price !	food	positive
great neighborhood watering hole that serves great food at a solid price !	price	positive
additionally , they used to have so much more of a selection .	selection	negative
our server was very friendly and pleasant when waiting on us .	server	positive
the service is nice and prompt .	service	positive
this is a good local spot for italian .	spot	positive
my car was towed from my parking spot , etc .	car	negative
my car was towed from my parking spot , etc .	parking	negative
it got crowded , all the other patrons looked real happy too .	patrons	positive
nice people but crappy pizza .	people	positive
nice people but crappy pizza .	pizza	negative
i 'll preface this review with we will be coming back to this location .	location	positive
nice to support family owned businesses !	family	positive
good service .	service	positive
cool atmosphere and great waiter .	atmosphere	positive
cool atmosphere and great waiter .	waiter	positive
joe 's new york pizza is great .	pizza	positive
best server iv ever had by far .	server iv	positive
one of the best steaks i have had .	steaks	positive
manicure was good , service was not great , and pedi was terrible .	manicure	positive
manicure was good , service was not great , and pedi was terrible .	service	negative
manicure was good , service was not great , and pedi was terrible .	pedi	negative
felt quite close to your neighbors but everyone was nice .	neighbors	positive
the food is above average pub fare .	food	positive
the food is above average pub fare .	pub fare	positive
the deliveries are always crazy quick , the food is hot & fresh .	deliveries	positive
the deliveries are always crazy quick , the food is hot & fresh .	food	positive
the salon itself is pretty great too .	salon	positive
rubbery chicken and beef , high prices for the quality .	beef	negative
rubbery chicken and beef , high prices for the quality .	quality	negative
food was wonderful , the problem was the service .	food	positive
food was wonderful , the problem was the service .	service	negative
the food is awesome .	food	positive
and i could n't get a drink to save my life .	drink	negative
great experience , great client service !	client service	positive
exquisite can describe the location of this beautiful resort .	location	positive
exquisite can describe the location of this beautiful resort .	resort	positive
dear manager hire more cooks wow one hour wait .	manager	negative
dear manager hire more cooks wow one hour wait .	cooks	negative
dear manager hire more cooks wow one hour wait .	wait	negative
the prices are good and turn around is quick .	prices	positive
returned _num_ weeks later , the truck was there for _num_ days .	truck	positive
not to mention the half naked women .	half naked women	positive
fried pork tenderloin sandwich !	fried pork tenderloin sandwich	positive
great pizza , great service , and the salad bar is awesome !	pizza	positive
great pizza , great service , and the salad bar is awesome !	service	positive
great pizza , great service , and the salad bar is awesome !	salad bar	positive
her color is off the hook and her style sense is hip .	color	positive
her color is off the hook and her style sense is hip .	style sense	positive
sorry , four peaks .	peaks	negative
we enjoy the food and service .	food	positive
we enjoy the food and service .	service	positive
the chile relleno i had was close to inedible .	chile relleno	negative
servers are nice .	servers	positive
great spot and atmosphere !	spot	positive
great spot and atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	club	positive
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	layout	positive
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	course	positive
the food all looked great .	food	positive
the nachos were good .	nachos	positive
the food and coffee are great also and fairly priced .	food	positive
the food and coffee are great also and fairly priced .	coffee	positive
the food and coffee are great also and fairly priced .	priced	positive
the customer service was terrible .	customer service	negative
this place is awesome as everyone says .	place	positive
something smelled not right and it was the szechuan beef .	szechuan beef	negative
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	dentistry	positive
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	scottsdale	positive
overall , we are disappointed with the service .	service	negative
all of his vendors are experienced and so easy to work with .	vendors	positive
served family style so bring your appetite and a group to have fun .	served family style	positive
the sports memorabilia is really cool too .	sports memorabilia	positive
the rooftop pool is gorgeous and lunch was excellent to boot !	rooftop pool	positive
the rooftop pool is gorgeous and lunch was excellent to boot !	lunch	positive
our server was great .	server	positive
food was excellent .	food	positive
`` do you want your check yet ? ''	check	positive
the meat was tender and juicy .	meat	positive
great food !	food	positive
also , breakfast is free , drinks from 5:00 to 6:30 .	breakfast	positive
also , breakfast is free , drinks from 5:00 to 6:30 .	drinks	positive
this is a good store for your beauty needs .	store	positive
this is a good store for your beauty needs .	beauty needs	positive
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .	price	positive
there 's only a couple employees and like one maid ?	employees	negative
there 's only a couple employees and like one maid ?	maid	negative
the friendliest staff serving really good breakfasts in a super clean environment .	staff	positive
the friendliest staff serving really good breakfasts in a super clean environment .	breakfasts	positive
the friendliest staff serving really good breakfasts in a super clean environment .	environment	positive
this is why high school students should n't be the managers .	managers	negative
what a great operation .	operation	positive
this location is consistently poor with their service .	location	negative
this location is consistently poor with their service .	service	negative
we always order the prime rib and it 's delicious .	prime rib	positive
a+ customer service !	customer service	positive
do n't waste your money !	money	positive
this place is horrible .	place	negative
you people are worse than a used car lot .	used car	negative
this company is a poor excuse for an hoa .	company	negative
nothing has been done to improve the look of the place .	place	negative
they also have a gluten free menu and a kids menu .	gluten	positive
they also have a gluten free menu and a kids menu .	menu	positive
they also have a gluten free menu and a kids menu .	kids menu	positive
waitress was very pleasant .	waitress	positive
enjoyed myself and the atmosphere here .	atmosphere	positive
our favorite place for lunch !	place	positive
our favorite place for lunch !	lunch	positive
i visited macayo 's because i heard that they had a gluten-free menu .	menu	positive
best chips and salsa for miles and miles !	chips	positive
not acknowledged when standing at the counter .	counter	negative
this guy does n't have basic computer knowledge .	computer	negative
if you are in the area , definitely worth a visit .	area	positive
probably the best chicken tenders i have ever had !	chicken tenders	positive
jessie and kevin are such awesome people !	people	positive
they had no problem with us moving once the early night crowd moved out .	crowd	positive
the service was good as well .	service	positive
only thing that was `` okay '' was the paint job .	paint job	positive
hubby said his chicken was delish and our guest enjoyed the fish tacos .	chicken	positive
hubby said his chicken was delish and our guest enjoyed the fish tacos .	fish tacos	positive
it is very beautiful and the water was pretty cold .	water	negative
why not a `` zero star '' rating .	rating	negative
best bread in arizona no doubt .	bread	positive
they always take good care of me and my family !	family	positive
this is a great dish to share or order in the appetizer size .	dish	positive
this is a great dish to share or order in the appetizer size .	appetizer size	positive
my new spot for repairs .	spot	positive
great staff , products , and location .	staff	positive
great staff , products , and location .	products	positive
great staff , products , and location .	location	positive
awesome tea and even better service !	tea	positive
awesome tea and even better service !	service	positive
this place definitely fits the bill .	bill	positive
excellent little breakfast joint !	breakfast joint	positive
service was very slow .	service	negative
service was top notch !	service	positive
it 's a small , old fashioned shop that is fair and fast .	shop	positive
the service i have received has been spot on .	service	positive
this place is great .	place	positive
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .	oil	negative
i would definitely recommend palm glen to any pet owner !	palm glen	positive
i would definitely recommend palm glen to any pet owner !	pet owner	positive
i got the sesame chicken which had a perfect balance of sweet and spicy .	sesame chicken	positive
i got the sesame chicken which had a perfect balance of sweet and spicy .	spicy	positive
i 've never been to such a slow fatburger .	fatburger	positive
the hamburgers in the bar looked and smelled incredible .	hamburgers	positive
the hamburgers in the bar looked and smelled incredible .	bar	positive
best happy hour in town !	happy	positive
excellent sandwiches , nice young adults working there .	sandwiches	positive
i 'd definitely recommend stopping by if you are in the area !	area	positive
you killed my taste buds .	taste	negative
no salt , overcooked and stiff .	salt	positive
donuts are great , and pricing is good for whole family .	pricing	positive
also they had ran out of basil which was a bummer .	basil	negative
i have never had my nails done that only takes _num_ minutes .	nails	positive
a so-so wrap with so-so customer service and no bathrooms .	wrap	negative
a so-so wrap with so-so customer service and no bathrooms .	customer service	negative
a so-so wrap with so-so customer service and no bathrooms .	bathrooms	negative
wow amazing fresh salsa a+ chips plus bean dip .	chips plus bean dip	positive
the thin-crust personal pizzas are so good .	thin-crust personal pizzas	positive
one of the best southwest flavor meals i have had in the valley .	southwest flavor meals	positive
gnocchi is excellent .	gnocchi	positive
great happy hour deals .	deals	positive
excellent service always at this location .	service	positive
excellent service always at this location .	location	positive
i feel bad for the owners of such an awful establishment .	owners	negative
i feel bad for the owners of such an awful establishment .	establishment	negative
their guitar repair is fair priced and excellent quality .	guitar repair	positive
their guitar repair is fair priced and excellent quality .	priced	positive
their guitar repair is fair priced and excellent quality .	quality	positive
the service was great .	service	positive
the chips and salsa were okay , not great .	chips	negative
the chips and salsa were okay , not great .	salsa	negative
the pad thai and crispy pesto ginger chicken is amazing !	pad thai and crispy pesto ginger chicken	positive
great food and better service !	food	positive
great food and better service !	service	positive
she really wants to help you make your day special .	day	positive
strike _num_ !	strike	positive
great price for an alignment .	price	positive
great price for an alignment .	alignment	positive
so fresh and great flavor !	flavor	positive
the best barber shop in the valley .	barber shop	positive
great food but truly mediocre service .	food	positive
great food but truly mediocre service .	service	negative
great staff and nice place .	staff	positive
great staff and nice place .	place	positive
extremely poor service .	service	negative
great place for some new mexican style food !	mexican style food	positive
the office was able to get us in right away .	office	positive
i 'm very picky about hotels and this one is perfect .	hotels	positive
great shop , all-around .	shop	positive
amazing baked potatoes and twice baked potato .	baked potatoes	positive
i 'm really bummed to have a negative attitude about this place .	place	negative
there are hardly any vegetarian options and no vegan options .	vegetarian options	negative
overall , great place .	place	positive
both of those are so rich with flavors and amazing over rice .	flavors	positive
both of those are so rich with flavors and amazing over rice .	over rice	positive
but , as for security , it was a bit sketchy .	security	negative
cheap eats but i do n't think i 'll be jumping to go back .	eats	positive
my two bites were really gritty and they were not perfectly cooked .	bites	negative
but since your here you might as well look around .	here	positive
best dang cornbread i 've ever had .	dang cornbread	positive
the two classes i took were horrible .	classes	negative
the `` burger bar '' was a disaster .	burger bar	negative
their homemade bread is incredible .	homemade bread	positive
service was timely and friendly .	service	positive
tired mexican place in scottsdale , with very mediocre food .	food	negative
best little pub in oldtown by far .	pub	positive
the memorabilia and the classic environment kick so much ass !	memorabilia	positive
the memorabilia and the classic environment kick so much ass !	environment	positive
what a pain in the butt .	butt	negative
service by waitress ruined the whole experience .	service	negative
service by waitress ruined the whole experience .	waitress	negative
will definitely go back when in the area .	area	negative
nice green salad comes with dinner .	green salad	positive
nice green salad comes with dinner .	dinner	positive
we saw the nurse practitioner named karen and she was amazing .	nurse practitioner	positive
i enjoyed the halibut along with garlic mashed potatoes ( plenty to share ) !	halibut	positive
i enjoyed the halibut along with garlic mashed potatoes ( plenty to share ) !	garlic mashed potatoes	positive
my biggest problem with this place is that it is dirty .	place	negative
service quality have gone down prices have gone up .	service quality	negative
service quality have gone down prices have gone up .	prices	negative
very friendly staff and i love the prices !	staff	positive
very friendly staff and i love the prices !	prices	positive
kohl 's is definitely one of my go-to places for clothes shopping .	clothes	positive
the fresh crispy cole slaw is bright and creamy at once .	crispy cole slaw	positive
he is straight-forward and honest and my dogs love him .	dogs	positive
i went there for brunch , and thought the food and atmosphere were terrific .	food	positive
i went there for brunch , and thought the food and atmosphere were terrific .	atmosphere	positive
fantastic experience with views that ca n't be beat .	views	positive
fantastic experience with views that ca n't be beat .	ca	positive
just wanted to give more props to the resort and medical center !	resort	positive
just wanted to give more props to the resort and medical center !	medical	positive
always helpful staff !	staff	positive
my new favorite place !	place	positive
salad was forgotten .	salad	negative
besides , this is not even persian from reading the menu .	menu	negative
great happy hour .	happy	positive
nice place !	place	positive
nicely decorated , extremely friendly and attentive staff .	staff	positive
they took the time to find the right battery and installed it for free .	battery	positive
i reccommend that as an entree !	entree	positive
i got a salad and it was fresh no brown spots or wilted greens .	salad	positive
everyone was extremely nice and helpful .	everyone	positive
this is the place , people !	place	positive
want an amazing beer selection ?	beer selection	positive
staff very friendly .	staff	positive
well , apparently , this staff did n't think it deserves any .	staff	negative
i blew through _num_ calories + for garbage .	garbage	negative
we agree that this is really good mexican food .	mexican food	positive
it is the go to breakfast spot for my picky son .	spot	positive
plus , you 'll get expert help , quick repairs and support your community !	repairs	positive
such a creative presentation , if nothing else .	presentation	positive
more importantly , great value .	value	positive
it literally ca n't move .	ca	negative
i told him i just wanted my money back .	money	negative
the food came out lukewarm at best .	food	negative
sugary tomato sauce on the enchilada .	tomato sauce on the enchilada	positive
worst service ever .	service	negative
the staff has great customer sevice skills .	staff	positive
the staff has great customer sevice skills .	customer sevice	positive
the bartenders are great .	bartenders	positive
their ribs are outstanding , as is most of the fish i 've tried .	ribs	positive
their ribs are outstanding , as is most of the fish i 've tried .	fish	positive
orange patch is very nice .	orange patch	positive
had a broken mirror in my bathroom .	mirror	negative
even in summer , they have decent patronage .	patronage	positive
so , i tried again explaining about the orange and it stopping .	orange	negative
excellent service , good food !	service	positive
excellent service , good food !	food	positive
eight hours after i ate my take-out from p.f .	take-out	positive
this place is horrible .	place	negative
very good thrifty ice cream .	ice cream	positive
its a total dive and a chandler high favorite for lunch .	lunch	positive
incredibly friendly service and good food .	service	positive
incredibly friendly service and good food .	food	positive
this coffee shop is unique and down right cute .	coffee shop	positive
very pleasant and helpful service .	service	positive
shoot the fair is a better deal .	shoot	positive
i do n't think we got a total _num_ min workout .	workout	negative
the food was amazing !	food	positive
delicious pizza , great service , and good times .	pizza	positive
delicious pizza , great service , and good times .	service	positive
a friend had setup a special dinner here !	dinner	positive
the food was inventive and good .	food	positive
this starbucks is small and sweet .	starbucks	negative
friendly staff .	staff	positive
it came out with less than a cup of pasta and no veggies .	cup of pasta	negative
it came out with less than a cup of pasta and no veggies .	veggies	negative
great place !	place	positive
i absolutely love roaring fork .	roaring fork	positive
the owner and his daughter are always very knowledgeable , friendly and helpful !	owner	positive
good family spot .	family spot	positive
oh and the music is pretty good , and the dj takes requests .	music	positive
oh and the music is pretty good , and the dj takes requests .	dj	positive
honest dentist who puts people 's health over profit !	dentist	positive
my carne asada was rubbery and just average at best .	carne asada	negative
thanks for making my day , scott !	day	positive
thanks for making my day , scott !	scott	positive
there was a nice ambiance , and the service was very good .	ambiance	positive
there was a nice ambiance , and the service was very good .	service	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
another great thing about this place is the menu .	menu	positive
forgettable food , drink , and atmosphere .	food	negative
forgettable food , drink , and atmosphere .	drink	negative
forgettable food , drink , and atmosphere .	atmosphere	negative
jesus ; this place has zero concept of time .	place	negative
had a king suite with microwave and fridge .	king suite	positive
had a king suite with microwave and fridge .	microwave	positive
had a king suite with microwave and fridge .	fridge	positive
great customer service !	customer service	positive
maybe its me , but i do not find the plates very appetizing .	plates	negative
maybe its me , but i do not find the plates very appetizing .	appetizing	negative
this place was amazing !	place	positive
the owner offered to provide a no charge maintenance service in the future .	owner	positive
the owner offered to provide a no charge maintenance service in the future .	maintenance service	negative
great pizza , but the reason you come here is for the beer !	pizza	positive
great pizza , but the reason you come here is for the beer !	beer	positive
make sure and start with the homemade quesadilla .	homemade quesadilla	positive
the staff is always friendly .	staff	positive
fire is cool , lol .	fire	positive
prices are high & do not get much for the price .	prices	negative
prices are high & do not get much for the price .	price	negative
if you like ny pizza , then you 'll love it too .	pizza	positive
best service i 've had at a restaurant in a long time .	service	positive
the food i 've had here has generally been bland .	food	negative
the breakfast sandwiches are also delicious and not too expensive .	breakfast sandwiches	positive
i ended up buying _num_ shirts and _num_ pants there .	pants	positive
i am not a pizza eater but enjoy their pizza .	pizza	positive
they accommodated _num_ of my family members and we had the best time !	time	positive
we had terrible service , we waited for _num_ minutes before receiving menus .	service	negative
we had terrible service , we waited for _num_ minutes before receiving menus .	menus	negative
great food and a fun place to hang before a spring training game !	food	positive
great food and a fun place to hang before a spring training game !	place	positive
love this place .	place	positive
staff was all very friendly and informative .	staff	positive
pretty straightforward place .	place	negative
i 'd never pay that much for shitty sushi again .	sushi	negative
the place is very clean and the staff is very friendly !	place	positive
the place is very clean and the staff is very friendly !	staff	positive
i love looking through the shoes and dresses .	dresses	positive
she liked the pickle the best though .	pickle	positive
the food was poor .	food	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
staff is always friendly .	staff	positive
fair and very trustworthy repair shop !	repair shop	positive
i had the beef tacos , rice and beans which was delicious !	beef tacos , rice and beans	positive
food is fresh , healthy , and good sized portions .	food	positive
food is fresh , healthy , and good sized portions .	portions	positive
definitely coming back for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
the leasing staff is excellent .	leasing staff	positive
you know , i used to really like this place .	place	positive
i highly recommend getting the special of the night !	special	positive
the food is very authentic and tasty just like home .	food	positive
i ordered a breakfast burrito & it was delicious !	breakfast burrito	positive
the burritos and nachos are fantastic .	burritos	positive
the burritos and nachos are fantastic .	nachos	positive
big portions great food and great service .	portions	positive
big portions great food and great service .	food	positive
big portions great food and great service .	service	positive
i was able to make my selection easily .	selection	positive
they truly care about the animals that are coming in .	animals	positive
the tamales each had a unique and incredible flavor even the cheese one .	tamales	positive
the tamales each had a unique and incredible flavor even the cheese one .	flavor	positive
the tamales each had a unique and incredible flavor even the cheese one .	cheese	positive
very very professional , very nice and excellent work .	work	positive
three of us ordered the rotisserie chicken and ribs .	rotisserie chicken	positive
this sephora location is my favorite .	sephora location	positive
this place is awful !	place	negative
pretty good selection of burgers and other fare as well .	selection of burgers	positive
pretty good selection of burgers and other fare as well .	fare	positive
i was embarrassed for the chef .	chef	negative
both employees we dealt with were friendly and helpful .	employees	positive
our new breakfast burrito spot .	breakfast burrito spot	positive
fantastic place to shop for fruits and veggies .	fruits	positive
fantastic place to shop for fruits and veggies .	veggies	positive
rice and beans that came with both meals were disgusting .	rice	negative
rice and beans that came with both meals were disgusting .	beans	negative
rice and beans that came with both meals were disgusting .	meals	negative
green chile is excellent .	green chile	positive
super friendly staff .	staff	positive
the laundry room is filthy and unsanitary , garbage bins are constantly overflowing .	laundry room	negative
the laundry room is filthy and unsanitary , garbage bins are constantly overflowing .	garbage bins	negative
i also like that they have a water slide there .	water slide	positive
_num_ bucks for a t shirt ?	t shirt	positive
and i love their teriyaki sauce .	teriyaki sauce	positive
good for happy hour , dinner with the family , or late night drinks .	drinks	positive
best greek food ever !	greek food	positive
they have fabulous coconut curry soup , spring rolls , and pad thai .	coconut curry soup	positive
they have fabulous coconut curry soup , spring rolls , and pad thai .	spring rolls	positive
they have fabulous coconut curry soup , spring rolls , and pad thai .	pad thai	positive
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	garlic bread	positive
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables	positive
the atmosphere is awful - really dark and heavy in the inside .	atmosphere	negative
chicken and lamb were nicely done but vegetarian dishes were mediocre .	chicken	positive
chicken and lamb were nicely done but vegetarian dishes were mediocre .	lamb	positive
chicken and lamb were nicely done but vegetarian dishes were mediocre .	vegetarian dishes	negative
a truly fantastic dental office ; the dentist is a consummate professional .	dental office	positive
a truly fantastic dental office ; the dentist is a consummate professional .	dentist	positive
so i called the manager , nikki i believe was her name .	manager	negative
so i called the manager , nikki i believe was her name .	nikki	negative
i recommend the shrimp appetizer and the pizza !	shrimp appetizer	positive
i recommend the shrimp appetizer and the pizza !	pizza	positive
surprising deals on foods you love !	deals	positive
surprising deals on foods you love !	foods	positive
the office chair upholstery is pretty nasty as well .	office chair upholstery	negative
well ... thanks again fellow yelpers we loved this place .	place	positive
just moved to scottsdale and decided to try this place out !	place	positive
great fun for tots and the slightly older set .	fun for tots	positive
great fun for tots and the slightly older set .	set	positive
is a joke as the drinks are way overpriced .	drinks	negative
however , their pizza is always great and delivered on time .	pizza	positive
it 's definitely the best beer i 've ever had .	beer	positive
very bad service .	service	negative
this place is great .	place	positive
this place was great , the owner is a really nice guy .	place	positive
this place was great , the owner is a really nice guy .	owner	positive
the food just was n't up to par .	food	positive
probably one of the worst hotel experiences i 've ever had .	hotel	negative
the best ribeye i ever eat !	ribeye	positive
i was so eager to dive in that i forgot to take a picture .	picture	negative
it becomes a fight with the subs .	subs	negative
no more chances for them .	chances	positive
we ordered the _num_ special with steak .	steak	positive
i may have seen my server twice the whole time i was there .	server	negative
i could get better fajitas at chilis .	fajitas at chilis	positive
very good food and good service .	food	positive
very good food and good service .	service	positive
this place rocks !	place	positive
owner is rude .	owner	negative
also , the food is great !	food	positive
food was great and menu options are awesome .	food	positive
food was great and menu options are awesome .	menu options	positive
by far the worst place out there .	place	negative
green flannel was delicious as was the fresh squeezed orange juice !	green flannel	positive
green flannel was delicious as was the fresh squeezed orange juice !	orange juice	positive
awesome service !	service	positive
they rarely had items in stock that i was used to buying .	items	negative
they rarely had items in stock that i was used to buying .	stock	negative
the service was not awesome .	service	negative
great service , great selection of entrees and awesome atmosphere .	service	positive
great service , great selection of entrees and awesome atmosphere .	selection of entrees	positive
great service , great selection of entrees and awesome atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
reality the food is alright , however very bland .	food	negative
absolute waste of money !	money	negative
our server jason was amazing so friendly and nice !	server	positive
just wan na update .	na	positive
a long time ago they charged for using a credit card .	credit	negative
we had carpet installed and sheet vinyl installed .	carpet	negative
we had carpet installed and sheet vinyl installed .	sheet vinyl	negative
the atmosphere is more than pleasant and you ca n't beat the breakfast .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is more than pleasant and you ca n't beat the breakfast .	breakfast	positive
i regret giving a tip .	tip	negative
i ordered take out -- yellow curry and lemon chicken .	take out	positive
i ordered take out -- yellow curry and lemon chicken .	yellow curry and lemon chicken	positive
the atmosphere is very nice , charming decor and interesting paintings on the wall .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is very nice , charming decor and interesting paintings on the wall .	decor	positive
this place does serve good sandwiches for lunch .	sandwiches	positive
this place does serve good sandwiches for lunch .	lunch	positive
overall , the food is too salty and too saucy .	food	negative
quick and excellent food .	food	positive
i had the tri tip enchilada plate which was very good .	tri tip enchilada plate	positive
place is a joke , and the bathrooms are nasty .	place	negative
place is a joke , and the bathrooms are nasty .	bathrooms	negative
any time there 's a new song , i never hear it ever again .	song	positive
it 's a fun atmosphere with the italian grocery .	atmosphere	positive
it 's a fun atmosphere with the italian grocery .	italian grocery	positive
i definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
fast and pleasant service .	service	positive
not worth the money .	money	negative
the coffee is good and fresh .	coffee	positive
it is a perfect date spot .	date spot	positive
thank you paper place !	place	positive
the food is excellent and fresh .	food	positive
they said they could n't find my account .	account	negative
i highly recommend trying their sausage .	sausage	positive
i 've never seen such terrible etiquette on a golf course before .	etiquette	negative
i 've never seen such terrible etiquette on a golf course before .	golf course	negative
this place was incredible .	place	positive
love this place !	place	positive
you know we are all loyal to our hair ladies !	hair ladies	positive
it worked wonderfully and the staff was perfectly patient .	staff	positive
i do n't even want to waste time typing about the curry .	curry	negative
standard mexican fare - but quite delicious .	mexican fare	positive
overall , good choice for mexican in old town and would return .	mexican	positive
will recommend this location over any one in the east valley .	location	positive
front cashier , older lady , was awful !	front cashier	negative
then as we chatted , with plates just sitting in front of us .	plates	negative
they will remember your name and they are such nice people .	people	positive
stellar place .	place	positive
heard about this place since i moved to the area .	place	negative
heard about this place since i moved to the area .	area	negative
the lobster meat was very sweet but again fell flat on the seasonings .	lobster meat	positive
not only does the food speak for itself , but the service is outstanding .	food	positive
not only does the food speak for itself , but the service is outstanding .	service	positive
the service was great and would gladly go back .	service	positive
the splash pad is a joke .	splash pad	positive
you really get a hollywood vibe here .	vibe	positive
food was awful at best .	food	negative
the food is great , the atmosphere is nice and the service is swift .	food	positive
the food is great , the atmosphere is nice and the service is swift .	atmosphere	positive
the food is great , the atmosphere is nice and the service is swift .	service	positive
food has always been very good .	food	positive
the entire branch is customer service driven .	branch	positive
the entire branch is customer service driven .	customer service	positive
great carne asada chimi , combo # _num_ , crispy and flavorful .	carne asada chimi	positive
sorry brow lady , but that was just a little ridiculous .	brow	negative
for the price a great buy on a beautiful saturday morning .	price	positive
for the price a great buy on a beautiful saturday morning .	buy	positive
i ca n't imagine spending $ _num_ for one of these half sandwiches .	half sandwiches	negative
go see anna ... she really made the experience worthwhile .	anna	positive
i am not sure if the kitchen is in the same education .	kitchen	negative
very tasty , it said it was hot and spicy on the menu .	menu	positive
food was ok , bulgogi was a little too sweet .	food	negative
food was ok , bulgogi was a little too sweet .	bulgogi	negative
absolutely delicious , some of the best mexican we 've ever had .	mexican	positive
very nice server , thank you .	server	positive
i had the quick start loaded which was delicious .	start loaded	positive
when i got my breakfast , yup , you guessed it .	breakfast	positive
sometimes the tuna salad will have _num_ lbs .	tuna salad	positive
at this point the manicure was looking to take another hour .	manicure	negative
yes my favorite place .	place	positive
the sauce is fantastic .	sauce	positive
the first night i was there i had _num_ green flies in my room .	room	negative
i came in early and the staff was so friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
food , drinks , urban atmosphere , location -- this place has it all .	food	positive
food , drinks , urban atmosphere , location -- this place has it all .	drinks	positive
food , drinks , urban atmosphere , location -- this place has it all .	location	positive
the christmas decor is amazing !	christmas decor	positive
i recommend them to everyone with children .	children	positive
the food is only average as is the wine .	food	positive
the food is only average as is the wine .	wine	positive
the best sea bass ever !	sea bass	positive
always a great place and i think they gotten better with the move .	place	positive
the last chinese restaurant that i loved closed .	chinese	negative
good service .	service	positive
the staff was totally rude .	staff	negative
i do n't like to eat a meal that is not presented nicely .	meal	negative
this was a great vacation getaway .	vacation	positive
this place is very cool and laid back .	place	positive
the new menu is horrible and does not work .	menu	negative
i love discount tire .	discount tire	positive
my comment was removed as well .	comment	negative
the service is almost always fast and the employees are always nice .	service	positive
the service is almost always fast and the employees are always nice .	employees	positive
none of the extreme symptoms were apparent .	symptoms	negative
very quick delivery and always hot food !	delivery	positive
very quick delivery and always hot food !	food	positive
no one at corporate or the front office care about anything going on .	front office	negative
the eggplant hummus appetizer was off the charts good .	eggplant hummus appetizer	positive
she also was very attentive with our drinks .	drinks	positive
the cheesesteak sandwich is the best in town .	cheesesteak sandwich	positive
great local spot !	local spot	positive
in a more than necessary rude tone .	tone	negative
the interior was very nice and our waiter was friendly .	interior	positive
the interior was very nice and our waiter was friendly .	waiter	positive
this is by far the worst mexican place ever .	mexican place	negative
awesome place !	place	positive
love this place .	place	positive
the food is good , the patio and new bar are are set-up well .	food	positive
the food is good , the patio and new bar are are set-up well .	patio	positive
the food is good , the patio and new bar are are set-up well .	bar	positive
it is not like they were slammed or anything , just poor service .	service	negative
they offer good discounts and i love their staff .	discounts	positive
they offer good discounts and i love their staff .	staff	positive
best breakfast in scottsdale !	breakfast	positive
the chilli is good stuff .	chilli	positive
the chilli is good stuff .	stuff	positive
everyone is so friendly and the food is made quickly !	food	positive
salads are great and so is service .	salads	positive
salads are great and so is service .	service	positive
so therefore , i am assuming that these people do not exist .	people	negative
the food remains terrific , especially the boneless buttermilk fried chicken .	food	positive
the food remains terrific , especially the boneless buttermilk fried chicken .	buttermilk fried chicken	positive
the service and prices are great .	service	positive
the service and prices are great .	prices	positive
he refused to answer only stating that he would get the waiter .	waiter	negative
the service was phenomenal and will definitely go back again and again !	service	positive
she was also very attentive while i was in the pedi chair .	pedi chair	positive
keep up the awesome customer service !	customer service	positive
the front desk staff is very helpful .	front desk staff	positive
i used to love the improv , i hated when it closed .	improv	negative
the appetizers were wonderful .	appetizers	positive
jennifer is very friendly .	jennifer	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
management is easy to work with and accommodate where they can .	management	positive
the owner is extremely attentive , nice , and knowledgeable .	owner	positive
remember eating here a couple years ago and the pho was really bland .	pho	negative
this place is great .	place	positive
friendly staff and consistent quality have made us regulars at the brew .	staff	positive
friendly staff and consistent quality have made us regulars at the brew .	quality	positive
friendly staff and consistent quality have made us regulars at the brew .	brew	positive
$ _num_ for a draft ?	draft	negative
overall do n't waste your money and your palette .	money	positive
overall do n't waste your money and your palette .	palette	positive
when our friend got there , the server kept trying to take our order .	server	negative
wonderful used and rare bookstore .	used	positive
i 'm sad as i 'm going to miss this place .	place	negative
do not use even if your home warranty wants to send them !	home warranty	negative
all in all i really enjoyed the coach house .	coach house	positive
mario was sooo nice !	mario	positive
exceptional rotating exhibits and permanent collection .	rotating exhibits	positive
good food but the staff is so disorganized it 's not worth the trouble .	food	positive
good food but the staff is so disorganized it 's not worth the trouble .	staff	negative
however , my experiences at pita jungle have been far from glowing .	pita jungle	positive
great place cheers !	place	positive
we had some margaritas - overly sweet and completely forgettable .	margaritas	negative
great food and awesome service !	food	positive
great food and awesome service !	service	positive
from the freshness of the table bread and salad , to the main course .	table bread	positive
from the freshness of the table bread and salad , to the main course .	salad	positive
from the freshness of the table bread and salad , to the main course .	main course	positive
i appreciate customer service , and this place lacks it tremendously .	customer service	positive
and to top it off , the food is amazing !	food	positive
i recommend this place to anyone !	place	positive
the music is uplifting .	music	positive
terrible terrible food .	food	negative
great golf course !	golf course	positive
it 's got a really nice bar area plus pool tables .	bar area	positive
it 's got a really nice bar area plus pool tables .	pool tables	positive
real deal great food here .	food	positive
great place , with some great bar food too !	place	positive
great place , with some great bar food too !	bar food	positive
we love the renaissance festival .	renaissance festival	positive
i really loved the steak taco dinner !	steak taco dinner	positive
strawberries and almonds were a nice touch .	strawberries	positive
strawberries and almonds were a nice touch .	almonds	positive
they always get the work done in a timely fashion .	work	positive
the food is fresh and well prepared .	food	positive
they also are the best price in the area .	price	positive
great happy hour and great service !	happy	positive
great happy hour and great service !	service	positive
the food is very good and comes in substantial portion sizes .	food	positive
the food is very good and comes in substantial portion sizes .	portion sizes	positive
the patio has great views especially at sunset .	patio	positive
i love the bento boxes , everything is always fresh .	bento boxes	positive
well this is not a place to order a cheesesteak .	cheesesteak	negative
not a resort feel , more like an apartment complex .	apartment	positive
the car was very nice .	car	positive
the staff knows there stuff !	staff	positive
the flan was excellent .	flan	positive
i just signed my 4th lease here and love living here .	lease	positive
hands down favorite sandwich shop in the greater phoenix area .	sandwich shop	positive
great service , super sweet wine list .	service	positive
great service , super sweet wine list .	wine list	positive
i had the coffee cake and it was perfect .	coffee cake	positive
dr. davis and his staff are absolutely wonderful !	staff	positive
i also could not smell any hint of dry cleaning fluid odor .	dry cleaning fluid odor	negative
pizza for _num_ with garlic knots and drinks , fifteen bucks .	pizza for _num_	positive
pizza for _num_ with garlic knots and drinks , fifteen bucks .	garlic knots	positive
pizza for _num_ with garlic knots and drinks , fifteen bucks .	drinks	positive
customer service is hit and miss with these guys .	customer service	negative
it was my gf bday and she made sure we had a great experience .	gf	positive
she also said they would order the dress 3-4 sizes bigger .	dress	negative
newly remodeled with a very modern feel .	feel	positive
they 're booking up pretty quickly but she worked with me and my schedule .	schedule	positive
mmmmm , the orange blossom beer is worth the trip every time .	orange blossom beer	positive
i think i had the worst pizza i 've ever had in my life .	pizza	negative
our drink order arrived wrong , but our waitress quickly fixed it .	drink order	negative
our drink order arrived wrong , but our waitress quickly fixed it .	waitress	negative
first thing , there was no wi-fi in my room .	wi-fi	negative
first thing , there was no wi-fi in my room .	room	negative
on various visits , they have been out of straws , cups and soy .	straws	negative
on various visits , they have been out of straws , cups and soy .	cups	negative
on various visits , they have been out of straws , cups and soy .	soy	negative
service was great .	service	positive
very happy with the response and communication !	response	positive
very happy with the response and communication !	communication	positive
great server at the bar !	server	positive
great server at the bar !	bar	positive
and i highly recommend both the locals and tourists to avoid this place .	locals	negative
and i highly recommend both the locals and tourists to avoid this place .	tourists	negative
and i highly recommend both the locals and tourists to avoid this place .	place	negative
todd was our server and he was very nice and patient with us .	server	positive
this place is the worst .	place	negative
good place to unwind and have some wine .	wine	positive
the restaurant was very clean , and the atmosphere was fun .	atmosphere	positive
staff is always friendly an helpful .	staff	positive
super friendly and efficient customer service !	customer service	positive
this place is worth a look !	place	positive
not even an apology for the rudeness and mix up .	mix	negative
the empanadas are legit !	empanadas	positive
my wife insisted we try this place because she 's really into hot wings .	wings	positive
the employees are always very helpful and nice .	employees	positive
nice selection of food .	selection of food	positive
great location and across the road is a really great gelato place too !	location	positive
great location and across the road is a really great gelato place too !	gelato place	positive
excellent food coupled with what is now great service .	food	positive
excellent food coupled with what is now great service .	service	positive
lots of nice home decor and gift ideas !	home decor	positive
lots of nice home decor and gift ideas !	gift	positive
ordered one drink then got the hell out .	drink	negative
we also enjoyed the heirloom tomato salad and the spicy edamame .	heirloom tomato salad	positive
we also enjoyed the heirloom tomato salad and the spicy edamame .	spicy edamame	positive
this place is horrible !	place	negative
i really have tried to give this restaurant a shot .	restaurant	negative
ordered carne asada fries and it tasted like mush as well .	carne asada fries	negative
always a big smile on his face !	smile	positive
the work was top notch , and the prices were completely fair and honest .	work	positive
the work was top notch , and the prices were completely fair and honest .	prices	positive
great restaurant !	restaurant	positive
angel is very passionate , knowledgable and friendly !	angel	positive
gorgeous place , very friendly , clean and a great location .	place	positive
gorgeous place , very friendly , clean and a great location .	location	positive
love love love this store !	store	positive
i ordered mole ribs , and the were inedible .	mole ribs	negative
delish with great service .	service	positive
however , the food is not quite thai food .	food	negative
however , the food is not quite thai food .	thai food	negative
located in beautiful downtown chandler , this is a gem .	located	positive
they did n't dry my front or back bumper .	front	negative
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	waitress	negative
i seriously recommend this place if you want tasty food with a nice atmosphere .	food	positive
i seriously recommend this place if you want tasty food with a nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the others i ate with had food that was pretty mediocre .	food	negative
terrible service today !	service	negative
me : i know , except that this ride is for tomorrow morning .	ride	negative
the service is fast and friendly and the food is amazing .	service	positive
the service is fast and friendly and the food is amazing .	food	positive
i ordered a chicken sandwich with onion rings and a soda .	chicken sandwich with onion rings	positive
i ordered a chicken sandwich with onion rings and a soda .	soda	positive
is so cute : ) i will be back for amazing italian food !	italian food	positive
quality of food for price is outstanding .	quality of food	positive
quality of food for price is outstanding .	price	positive
sadly , the hollandaise sauce tasted more like lemonade than hollandaise .	hollandaise sauce	negative
sadly , the hollandaise sauce tasted more like lemonade than hollandaise .	lemonade	negative
they have boiled bagels and are wonderful .	boiled bagels	positive
i love the coffee ice cubes - really cool idea .	coffee ice cubes	positive
the staff is awesome , really friendly and fast .	staff	positive
service is always good and the food is always fresh .	service	positive
service is always good and the food is always fresh .	food	positive
great spot to karaoke !	spot	positive
great spot to karaoke !	karaoke	positive
fresh bagels & great cream cheese perfectly paired together !	fresh bagels	positive
fresh bagels & great cream cheese perfectly paired together !	cream cheese	positive
i do not recommend macayo 's in any way , shape or form .	macayo	negative
i do not recommend macayo 's in any way , shape or form .	shape	negative
i do not recommend macayo 's in any way , shape or form .	form	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
an hour seems a bit long for a place _num_ miles away .	place	negative
do yourself a favor and skip this place .	place	negative
food was uninspired .	food	negative
she made me super blonde today and my hair looks and feels great !	hair	positive
we ordered pizza for the table and everyone really enjoyed it !	pizza	positive
we ordered pizza for the table and everyone really enjoyed it !	table	positive
astounding view of the valley , amazing food , and excellent service .	food	positive
astounding view of the valley , amazing food , and excellent service .	service	positive
staff is good .	staff	positive
the rooms were really nice and the bed was super comfy .	rooms	positive
the rooms were really nice and the bed was super comfy .	bed	positive
i got nothing from the visit and the people in the office were unfriendly .	people	negative
overall , they made my first experience ordering flowers online a very pleasant experience .	flowers	positive
my favorite thing here has got to be the orange blossom .	orange blossom	positive
very nice staff .	staff	positive
i had the james dean sundae .	james dean sundae	positive
perfect to start your day with a hearty breakfast .	breakfast	positive
to me , that is extraordinary service .	service	positive
no bread for _num_ minutes and was cold .	bread for _num_ minutes	negative
worst stay ever !	stay	negative
their bartender , shelly is world class .	bartender	positive
fast and good service .	service	positive
it tasted like how sewage would taste .	sewage	negative
the food , service , and atmosphere are awesome .	food	positive
the food , service , and atmosphere are awesome .	service	positive
the food , service , and atmosphere are awesome .	atmosphere	positive
portions n prices were great !	portions	positive
portions n prices were great !	prices	positive
i come to this subway quite often for lunch and i am always pleased .	lunch	positive
the food is fresh and the cooks work so fast .	food	positive
the food is fresh and the cooks work so fast .	cooks	positive
very great guy !	guy	positive
we ordered the crab cakes for an appetizer , and they were absolutely delicious .	crab cakes	positive
we ordered the crab cakes for an appetizer , and they were absolutely delicious .	appetizer	positive
my husband and i shared the california flat bread .	california flat bread	positive
one thing that was another turn off was how loud the band was .	band	negative
good place to eat and also if you have to run errands .	place	positive
i thought their prices were very good .	prices	positive
this branch is our 1st choice !	branch	positive
the french toast is awesome .	french toast	positive
thanks to all the yelpers i found this great place .	place	positive
extremely happy with chandler auto body !	auto body	positive
an embarrassment to the irish bar name .	irish bar name	negative
drove to staples to pick up some office supplies for my son .	office supplies	positive
the place is small , clean and very friendly .	place	negative
you need to empty your pockets too .	pockets	negative
they have the best margaritas !	margaritas	positive
absolutely love this place .	place	positive
nothing special and the drinks are n't cheap .	drinks	negative
only one word sums up this food - - awful !	food	negative
amazing selection of deli meats !	selection of deli meats	positive
they helped me with a guitar that needed repair .	guitar	negative
it 's family style dining and all you can eat .	family style dining	positive
i really do n't know why this place has so many awesome reviews .	place	positive
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	sushi	positive
tammy also did a very nice job helping me out , love this place .	place	positive
i ordered the beef and broccoli and it was amazing !	beef and broccoli	positive
very poor service and getting worse .	service	negative
staff is also very friendly .	staff	positive
got sushi is a little restaurant with a warm atmosphere .	sushi	positive
got sushi is a little restaurant with a warm atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the oven brick pizzas are amazing and the wine selection is great .	oven brick pizzas	positive
the oven brick pizzas are amazing and the wine selection is great .	wine selection	positive
we love this place !	place	positive
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	sandwich shop	negative
however , this place really needs new bartenders .	bartenders	positive
absolutely devine resort .	resort	positive
will overlook the bad service , cause the place is great .	service	negative
will overlook the bad service , cause the place is great .	place	positive
the staff was so amazing on the first and second visit for cleanings .	staff	positive
the staff was so amazing on the first and second visit for cleanings .	cleanings	positive
do not use this company !	company	negative
_num_ dogs and a cat .	cat	positive
do n't waste your money .	money	positive
this was the best meal i have had since moving to arizona .	meal	positive
i am so sorry mr. wright but your building needs an upgrade .	building	negative
employees are nice and do a good job .	employees	positive
orange table ?	orange table	positive
very good food !	food	positive
the restaurant is traditional , service is kind and fast and prices are low .	service	positive
the restaurant is traditional , service is kind and fast and prices are low .	prices	negative
the only positive about this place was the server .	server	positive
got ta love bosa !	bosa	positive
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .	finance	negative
great food at a great price !	food	positive
great food at a great price !	price	positive
do your research and not just online as the advertising is misleading !	advertising	negative
no one wants to pay $ _num_ for shitty sushi .	sushi	negative
truly wonderful company who comes through on their promises .	company	positive
i finally found my dive bar .	dive bar	positive
please do not frequent this store .	store	negative
their happy hour is cheap ( dollar off margs and 1/2 price appetizers ) .	price appetizers	positive
worth the drive at least once .	drive	positive
thank you european cleaners for wasting my time , money , and patience .	european cleaners	positive
thank you european cleaners for wasting my time , money , and patience .	money	positive
the food is amazing !	food	positive
this location seems be in epic fail mode .	location	negative
they were almost certainly _num_ % soda water with a lime .	soda water with a lime	positive
wonderful place to have dinner with a special person .	dinner	positive
completely tasteless , poorly prepared , and had a bad texture .	texture	negative
no paper cutter to be found .	paper cutter	negative
great menu !	menu	positive
best place in the valley to get your brakes worked on or replaced .	place	positive
best place in the valley to get your brakes worked on or replaced .	brakes	positive
we went in the evening and the view was breathtaking !	view	positive
it was an old fashioned ice cream parlor and was a pleasure .	ice cream parlor	positive
the people who works in there were so friendly .	people	positive
i have no problem paying for my mimosas but these were average at best .	mimosas	positive
always a treat .	treat	positive
the taste was sour , burnt , and harsh .	taste	negative
they even have a nice coffee maker .	coffee maker	positive
the margaritas and tacos were delicious and full of flavor .	margaritas	positive
the margaritas and tacos were delicious and full of flavor .	tacos	positive
the margaritas and tacos were delicious and full of flavor .	flavor	positive
one of the best breakfast places in phoenix .	breakfast places	positive
excellent food and great people !	food	positive
excellent food and great people !	people	positive
our waitress was great and kept our glasses full .	waitress	positive
ordered rush street pizza for the first and last time .	rush street pizza	positive
not the only place in town with televisions .	televisions	positive
epic pool .	pool	positive
thank you fellow yelpers for helping me find this business !	business	positive
first time , stopped in for lunch .	lunch	positive
the atmosphere is nice and intimate .	atmosphere	positive
reasonable wine prices and great selection .	wine prices	positive
reasonable wine prices and great selection .	selection	positive
thank you alexis for making our dinner great !	dinner	positive
i have been here for breakfast a few times and i love it !	breakfast	positive
friend : no , just a regular caesar salad .	caesar salad	positive
have been here twice on business trips and both meals were very pleasant experiences .	meals	positive
first of all , too expensive .	expensive	negative
i think the food is wonderful .	food	positive
everyone was so sweet to my service dog and i .	service dog	positive
no hot sauce or ranch ?	hot sauce	negative
no hot sauce or ranch ?	ranch	negative
not only did he `` look around '' he sprayed my room !	room	negative
honey 's pasta was really disappointing .	pasta	negative
by december 9th , i still had not received my photos .	photos	negative
i 'll take the last _num_ thank you .	last	positive
i had a pepperoni slice and it was great !	pepperoni slice	positive
whenever i 'm in scottsdale , i always enjoy having a few drinks here .	drinks	positive
stephanie is a great sales girl .	sales	positive
desperate need of some tlc .	tlc	positive
tuna was excellent .	tuna	positive
i love sephora .	sephora	positive
g & s has become a welcome part of my weekly dining rotation .	dining rotation	positive
the food here is pretty blah .	food	negative
simple sandwiches , good price .	sandwiches	positive
simple sandwiches , good price .	price	positive
overall not worth at all just gon na go to taco bell next time .	taco bell	negative
the halibut and ahi was fantastic with very complementary sauces .	halibut	positive
the halibut and ahi was fantastic with very complementary sauces .	sauces	positive
i had a great experience at salon tru .	salon tru	positive
ugh , this place is lame .	place	negative
i had a baseball cut and it was amazing !	baseball cut	positive
save your money and sleep in your car .	money	positive
save your money and sleep in your car .	car	positive
the clothing is very nice !	clothing	positive
i 'm not really impressed with the location .	location	negative
it 's paired with this sweet apricot jam and brown gravy .	sweet apricot jam	positive
it 's paired with this sweet apricot jam and brown gravy .	brown gravy	positive
coffee is always awesome & gabe the manager is always there with a smile .	coffee	positive
coffee is always awesome & gabe the manager is always there with a smile .	manager	positive
service is attentive , friendly and prompt .	service	positive
but the crowd and music is great so you wo n't even notice .	crowd	positive
but the crowd and music is great so you wo n't even notice .	music	positive
the stetson chopped salad has got me hooked on this place .	stetson chopped salad	positive
the whole theme of kazimierz is pretty cool .	kazimierz	positive
we loved the huevos con masa , the cornbread was delicious .	huevos con masa	positive
we loved the huevos con masa , the cornbread was delicious .	cornbread	positive
people are always standing out the door and waiting for food .	people	negative
people are always standing out the door and waiting for food .	food	negative
wonderful owners !	owners	positive
this place was the worst establishment i have every seen .	place	negative
this place was the worst establishment i have every seen .	establishment	negative
or _num_ thin little steaks almost $ _num_ ?	steaks	negative
they have the best orange chicken and kung pao .	orange chicken	positive
they have the best orange chicken and kung pao .	kung pao	positive
they ambiance is fine .	ambiance	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
the food is just terrible .	food	negative
the mozzarella sticks were bland and the sauce was a really weird flavor .	mozzarella sticks	negative
the mozzarella sticks were bland and the sauce was a really weird flavor .	sauce	negative
the mozzarella sticks were bland and the sauce was a really weird flavor .	flavor	negative
they have a lot of tvs ... if you dont mind poor quality .	tvs	negative
they have a lot of tvs ... if you dont mind poor quality .	quality	negative
authentic mexican fare in downtown chandler .	mexican fare	positive
staff always friendly .	staff	positive
great service !	service	positive
sorry cowboy ciao , we 're done giving you our business .	cowboy	negative
and your business is going downhill ?	business	negative
excellent food !	food	positive
next to trails , this place charges too much for their hookah merchandise .	hookah merchandise	negative
everything is great , especially the golden medium boneless wings .	wings	positive
fun small historical find .	historical find	positive
no respect for my time !	time	negative
so we were walking north and walked by italian grotto .	italian grotto	positive
really good mexican food , check .	mexican food	positive
never have i been so disrespected by an employee at an establishment .	employee	positive
never have i been so disrespected by an employee at an establishment .	establishment	positive
love love love this place !	place	positive
so , the work was not done on time and i was way overcharged .	work	negative
service is great .	service	positive
best gluten free pizza i have ever tasted .	gluten	positive
best gluten free pizza i have ever tasted .	pizza	positive
love this place .	place	positive
our waitress did an outstanding job .	waitress	positive
the hummus was creamy and the bread was a great free starter .	hummus	positive
the hummus was creamy and the bread was a great free starter .	bread	positive
ordered a large cheese pie thin crust and a large new york style crust .	cheese pie thin crust	positive
every there was real nice and professional i 'm supper happy with the service !	service	positive
we found this little gem on a business trip to mesa .	business	positive
nail tech did excellent job .	nail tech	positive
the best thing i ate was the fortune cookie ... .	fortune cookie	positive
the top half did n't work and the water was cold .	water	negative
server did n't know much about the food either .	server	negative
server did n't know much about the food either .	food	negative
their receptionist was rude .	receptionist	negative
i love going places where they remember me !	places	positive
i had the paella and my friend has steak .	paella	positive
i had the paella and my friend has steak .	steak	positive
i would skip this place .	place	negative
we have had fun with my color and cuts over the years .	color	positive
we have had fun with my color and cuts over the years .	cuts	positive
their biscuits and gravy are the best !	biscuits	positive
their biscuits and gravy are the best !	gravy	positive
_num_ ) parking is a pain in the rear .	parking	negative
tip ... the tomato type sauce that come with the mussels is so good !	tomato type sauce	positive
tip ... the tomato type sauce that come with the mussels is so good !	mussels	positive
plenty of food for your $ that is made w/ love .	food	positive
plenty of food for your $ that is made w/ love .	$	positive
the wait staff are always pleasant and full of smiles .	wait staff	positive
i wish i had a subway nearby .	subway	positive
bar is popular with locals .	bar	positive
this place is definitely worth a try !	place	positive
happy hour food and drink specials delicious and good value .	food	positive
happy hour food and drink specials delicious and good value .	value	positive
jason ( manager ) was really helpful and honest .	manager	positive
she is very gifted in color and hair style ... a true artist !	color	positive
she is very gifted in color and hair style ... a true artist !	hair style	positive
i was craving pasta with something ... something i ca n't make at home .	pasta	negative
the service was great and the food was pretty good .	service	positive
the service was great and the food was pretty good .	food	positive
had a wonderful dinner on the patio at sunset .	dinner	positive
had a wonderful dinner on the patio at sunset .	patio	positive
the burgers are delicious !	burgers	positive
food is always fresh & delicious !	food	positive
tables and a great bar area .	tables	positive
tables and a great bar area .	bar area	positive
it has an old world feel .	feel	positive
patio is loud .	patio	negative
excellent service .	service	positive
this car wash sucks !	car wash	negative
this is my favorite spa in the world !	spa	positive
it was clear this is the way the manager runs the store .	manager	positive
great happy hour !	happy hour	positive
friendly and efficient , with a beautiful outdoor seating that we took advantage of .	outdoor seating	positive
good ole dq .	dq	positive
food is excellent .	food	positive
the boneless wings are really good and their peppercorn dipping sauce is amazing .	wings	positive
the boneless wings are really good and their peppercorn dipping sauce is amazing .	peppercorn dipping sauce	positive
i was n't much of a fan of the atmosphere or the food .	atmosphere	negative
i was n't much of a fan of the atmosphere or the food .	food	negative
good food , was here for a work lunch .	food	positive
good food , was here for a work lunch .	work lunch	positive
i did and got a terrible job .	job	negative
a go to for me , always the best service and lively atmosphere .	service	positive
a go to for me , always the best service and lively atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
this place has a great twist to mexican food !	mexican food	positive
this place was great !	place	positive
a new manager is desperately needed !	manager	positive
this is a huge step above filiberto 's type places .	filiberto	positive
this is a huge step above filiberto 's type places .	type	positive
we also ordered a red velvet and a vanilla bean cupcake .	red velvet	positive
we also ordered a red velvet and a vanilla bean cupcake .	vanilla bean cupcake	positive
this is the worst mexican food i have ever eaten !	mexican food	negative
not impressed with the onion rings ... too greasy with an unpleasant aftertaste .	onion rings	negative
really good neighborhood joint !	neighborhood joint	positive
it 's a great place to come and celebrate - do n't miss it !	place	positive
they have mini burritos so i tried two and they were really good .	mini burritos	positive
bad service .	service	negative
the cheese enchilada was still raw , the cheese not melted .	cheese enchilada	negative
the cheese enchilada was still raw , the cheese not melted .	cheese	negative
i love the $ 5-6 soup !	soup	positive
my drink order was right on the money !	drink order	positive
in addition , we asked for the heater to be turned on again ... .	heater	negative
they really do have super great burritos .	burritos	positive
i went and sat down at the bar and ordered _num_ drinks .	bar	positive
i went and sat down at the bar and ordered _num_ drinks .	drinks	positive
excellent happy hour !	happy	positive
the wings were n't even trimmed !	wings	negative
the best pizza i 've had in a long time !	pizza	positive
so far , i have found hidden gems at this location .	gems	positive
so far , i have found hidden gems at this location .	location	positive
i had a cold so i asked for french onion soup .	french onion soup	negative
party of _num_ .	party	positive
and the bathrooms are adorable !	bathrooms	positive
emily is my go to gal and is very good at what she does .	emily	positive
i could have gotten a salad and a sandwich for less than $ _num_ .	salad	negative
i could have gotten a salad and a sandwich for less than $ _num_ .	sandwich	negative
one thing i love about this bar is the jukebox .	bar	positive
one thing i love about this bar is the jukebox .	jukebox	positive
food was ok but nothing special .	food	negative
the price of the food and drinks is just right too .	price	positive
the price of the food and drinks is just right too .	drinks	positive
as a pizza lover i had to try their pie and it is delicious !	pie	positive
the staff are knowledgable and always helpful .	staff	positive
do n't waste you time and money with this place .	place	positive
old , dusty , very tired decor .	decor	negative
oh yeah , and they remembered to place our food order ... good times .	food	positive
excellent food across the board !	food	positive
i enjoy their lunch salads .	lunch salads	positive
this is an interesting option for asian cuisine .	asian cuisine	positive
best beer selection and a great staff that is passionate about beer .	beer selection	positive
best beer selection and a great staff that is passionate about beer .	staff	positive
best beer selection and a great staff that is passionate about beer .	beer	positive
price was just right and the service was very good .	price	positive
price was just right and the service was very good .	service	positive
the menu is absurd .	menu	negative
very personable and helpful with the menu .	menu	positive
i sat at the bar and the lady working was nice and funny .	lady	positive
the beet salad was quite unique .	beet salad	positive
do yourself a favor and try another place for greek food .	greek food	positive
( is n't that standard for a pedicure ?	pedicure	negative
as soon as we finished dessert , our water glasses and napkins were removed .	dessert	negative
as soon as we finished dessert , our water glasses and napkins were removed .	water glasses	negative
as soon as we finished dessert , our water glasses and napkins were removed .	napkins	negative
highly recommended this place !	place	positive
my favorite dish hands down are the ribs , talk about bliss !	dish	positive
great place to dine while visiting scottsdale !	place	positive
great place to dine while visiting scottsdale !	scottsdale	positive
we were beyond pleased with the taste and quality of the bagels !	taste	positive
we were beyond pleased with the taste and quality of the bagels !	quality	positive
we were beyond pleased with the taste and quality of the bagels !	bagels	positive
the unagi was fantastic .	unagi	positive
the food i ordered ( chicken fajita ) was nothing short of disgusting .	food	negative
the food i ordered ( chicken fajita ) was nothing short of disgusting .	chicken fajita )	negative
thank you brakes plus for always taking care of my car .	brakes	positive
thank you brakes plus for always taking care of my car .	car	positive
ramon and danielle are excellent hosts to their customers and the food is great .	food	positive
terrible customer service .	customer service	negative
they are really nice and i feel comfortable having my car worked here .	car	positive
other _num_ had the chicken enchiladas , they smelled like cat food .	chicken enchiladas	positive
other _num_ had the chicken enchiladas , they smelled like cat food .	cat food	positive
i love the atmosphere here .	atmosphere	positive
point break roll - awesome !	point break roll	positive
waste of mood .	mood	negative
go to another dentist if you want to be taken care of properly .	dentist	positive
this place blows and i absolutely hated living here .	place	negative
highly recommended on christmas .	christmas	positive
from the quality beef to the exquisite buns these are awesome .	quality beef	positive
from the quality beef to the exquisite buns these are awesome .	buns	positive
fresh doughnuts made throughout the day .	doughnuts	positive
tried their hummus today with my wife and that 's delicious as well .	hummus	positive
one of the best burgers in town !	burgers	positive
i mean for real , this place was such a let down .	place	negative
warning to all customers !	customers	positive
great staff !	staff	positive
it was like an asian spring roll with chunks of italian sausage inside !	asian spring roll	positive
it was like an asian spring roll with chunks of italian sausage inside !	chunks of italian sausage	negative
this is the first time i have actually eaten at a venezia 's .	venezia	positive
well that was the first bad sign of staying in an outdated hotel .	hotel	negative
always satisfied and reasonable prices .	prices	positive
the ice cream is very good and the smoothies are on point .	ice cream	positive
the ice cream is very good and the smoothies are on point .	smoothies	positive
my filet was cooked to perfection and the wine was great as well !	filet	positive
my filet was cooked to perfection and the wine was great as well !	wine	positive
the place is pretty busy , which seemed like a good sign .	place	negative
we ordered the carbonara and the sweet potato ravioli and both were amazing !	carbonara	positive
we ordered the carbonara and the sweet potato ravioli and both were amazing !	sweet potato ravioli	positive
it is a gem and we love the outdoor patio .	outdoor patio	positive
loved the wine selection and other grocery goodies !	wine selection	positive
loved the wine selection and other grocery goodies !	grocery	positive
the place looks awesome !	place	positive
the waitstaff is knowledgeable and hip .	waitstaff	positive
i would recommend to anyone with any type of car !	car	positive
staff was interesting to talk to .	staff	positive
visiting my brother and meeting the locals made this place a must visit .	locals	positive
only _num_ maintenance guy on staff .	maintenance	negative
the food is exquisite with exceptional flavor combinations and some unique ingredients .	food	positive
the food is exquisite with exceptional flavor combinations and some unique ingredients .	flavor combinations	positive
the food is exquisite with exceptional flavor combinations and some unique ingredients .	ingredients	positive
nancy the owner and the entire staff is friendly and accommodating .	owner	positive
nancy the owner and the entire staff is friendly and accommodating .	staff	positive
very cool country ball with a live band .	country ball	positive
very cool country ball with a live band .	live band	positive
first love the location !	location	positive
if you love cheese , you will love this place .	cheese	positive
if you love cheese , you will love this place .	place	positive
great service , nice environment , wonderfully prepared food .	service	positive
great service , nice environment , wonderfully prepared food .	environment	positive
great service , nice environment , wonderfully prepared food .	food	positive
this was the worst service i have received in years .	service	negative
excellent service .	service	positive
great food and the service was excellent .	food	positive
great food and the service was excellent .	service	positive
i always feel like my shopping is a success after happy hour here .	shopping	positive
oh , and they have the oldest and worst website i 've ever seen .	website	negative
this is my local pizza hut location .	pizza	positive
this is my local pizza hut location .	location	positive
arrowhead grill in glendale blows this away for this price point .	price point	positive
called dodge electric regarding an outside outlet that was n't working .	outlet	negative
well they may have dropped the fuel tank and washed it .	fuel tank	negative
great selection of buttons too .	selection of buttons	positive
we got the sicilian and it 's totally enough for 3-4 people .	sicilian	positive
staff is very friendly and professional .	staff	positive
the best part of this restaurant was definitely the service .	service	positive
they are good quality too , especially for the price .	quality	positive
they are good quality too , especially for the price .	price	positive
i should have grabbed them then , but he had my $ _num_ .	$	positive
rare to find such an awesome place !	place	positive
office staff is spectacular !	office staff	positive
i had the pastrami smoked short ribs , absolutely outstanding !	pastrami smoked	positive
great food great prices .	food	positive
great food great prices .	prices	positive
it 's all about the food ?	food	positive
the rice was meh and the chicken tacos were okay .	rice	positive
the rice was meh and the chicken tacos were okay .	chicken tacos	positive
the office is super clean .	office	positive
the resort and service was great .	resort	positive
the resort and service was great .	service	positive
the food was way over priced , and not that great .	food	negative
the food was way over priced , and not that great .	priced	negative
the best donuts in the az !	donuts	positive
the noodles were also way too thin !	noodles	negative
wonderful reception from kayla .	reception	positive
they do a wonderful job and friendly staff .	staff	positive
the ladies who work there are always very welcoming and pleasant .	ladies	positive
the crepes in the cannelloni were very rubbery and the filling lacked flavor .	crepes in	negative
the crepes in the cannelloni were very rubbery and the filling lacked flavor .	cannelloni	negative
the crepes in the cannelloni were very rubbery and the filling lacked flavor .	filling	negative
the crepes in the cannelloni were very rubbery and the filling lacked flavor .	flavor	negative
i would and have recommended this company !	company	positive
this is a beautiful spot , very romantic on a weekend night .	spot	positive
outdoor seating is a must here .	outdoor seating	positive
we are coming back every day so you know the food is good .	food	positive
best vegetarian sushi !	vegetarian sushi	positive
employees are very friendly .	employees	positive
it 's reasons like this that comedy clubs get a bad wrap .	comedy clubs	negative
it 's reasons like this that comedy clubs get a bad wrap .	wrap	negative
food so good you just want to fuck it rather than actually eat it !	food	positive
even after i told her i would like to order the dress .	dress	negative
of all the restaurants i have been to this is the worst .	restaurants	negative
on top of the horrible front office people .	front office	negative
the sprint employee next door began looking for the radio shack employee .	radio	negative
the sprint employee next door began looking for the radio shack employee .	employee	negative
this place is just a complete joke !	place	negative
is there a new chef , an incompetent manager ?	chef	negative
is there a new chef , an incompetent manager ?	manager	negative
something about that combination for me is soothing .	combination	positive
staff was helpful and chatty , which is always nice !	staff	positive
she was too busy talking to the other girl behind the counter .	counter	negative
we also ordered some mild wings that they said were the best wings ever .	wings	positive
we also ordered some mild wings that they said were the best wings ever .	wings	positive
but this place was definitely a good find and i left thoroughly happy .	place	positive
fast , reliable service !	service	positive
the prices are seriously reasonable for the food and for the atmosphere .	prices	positive
the prices are seriously reasonable for the food and for the atmosphere .	food	positive
the prices are seriously reasonable for the food and for the atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
now to the ugly about this place ... it 's grossly overpriced .	place	negative
i loved all the bar games , and the big front patio .	bar games	positive
i loved all the bar games , and the big front patio .	front patio	positive
the guys are super cool and ready to go the extra mile .	guys	positive
the people who attend the pool , wonderful .	people	positive
the people who attend the pool , wonderful .	pool	positive
first of all , delicious food !	food	positive
loved the fried chimichanga .	fried chimichanga	positive
i love the wheel and the little people there .	wheel	positive
i love the wheel and the little people there .	little people	positive
thanks alex !	alex	positive
the italian bread alone is worth the trip .	italian bread	positive
hard to park and get into most times , but well worth it .	park	negative
i love the food this place serves .	food	positive
the atmosphere is very `` new york italian '' .	atmosphere	positive
they have a wide variety of brands .	brands	positive
the incredibly stale chips do n't even begin to fill the void .	chips	negative
the ribs were stringy and full of fat .	ribs	negative
liked the decor as well .	decor	positive
this place was full of locals , who always know best .	place	positive
this place was full of locals , who always know best .	locals	positive
great meat , great prices .	meat	positive
great meat , great prices .	prices	positive
great coffee .	coffee	positive
sonic always has the best cold drinks .	cold drinks	positive
the donuts are underwhelming .	donuts	negative
place looks immaculate and the food is good as usual .	place	positive
place looks immaculate and the food is good as usual .	food	positive
i found a full service gas station !	gas station	positive
what a fun place !	place	positive
fantastic service and extremely helpful .	service	positive
he insisted that i need synthetic because otherwise it will void my dealership warranty .	dealership warranty	negative
close to $ _num_ dollars for that was way over priced .	priced	negative
chicken quesadilla was okay but i 've had better .	chicken quesadilla	positive
thank you nail works and spa , you guys are great !	nail works	positive
thank you nail works and spa , you guys are great !	spa	positive
the pizza was bland , as was the staff .	pizza	negative
the pizza was bland , as was the staff .	staff	negative
oregano 's is nothing special .	oregano	negative
our waiters were great and attentive .	waiters	positive
the bartenders are always on top of their game !	bartenders	positive
the bartenders are always on top of their game !	game	positive
no other fish with that ? ''	fish	negative
small loaf of heated bread is a plus .	loaf of heated bread	positive
i hate to give this place a bad review .	place	negative
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	pizza	negative
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	flavor	negative
the food was decent but nothing special .	food	positive
food is good and a nice place to relax with friends who have dogs .	food	positive
food is good and a nice place to relax with friends who have dogs .	place	positive
food is good and a nice place to relax with friends who have dogs .	dogs	positive
our pup is finally starting to feel better .	pup	positive
the two gentleman working the meat counter had less meat knowledge than i did .	meat counter	negative
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	service	negative
this is a cute brunch spot .	brunch spot	positive
totally worth the cash .	cash	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
get the ghetto basketball court out .	ghetto basketball court	positive
this is likely the finest grocery store in the valley .	grocery	positive
i do not suggest going to this place .	place	negative
night , very crowded , food good for price .	food	negative
night , very crowded , food good for price .	price	positive
once the food was delivered the server was never to be found .	food	positive
once the food was delivered the server was never to be found .	server	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
the drink prices are good any time of day .	drink prices	positive
every time i come here the service is really bad .	service	negative
the inside is cute like a mardi gras kind of theme .	inside	positive
the inside is cute like a mardi gras kind of theme .	mardi gras	positive
best cut of meat anywhere .	cut of meat	positive
i found so many cool treasures at this place .	treasures	positive
if you want something beyond the traditional enchilada or burrito , they got it .	enchilada	positive
if you want something beyond the traditional enchilada or burrito , they got it .	burrito	positive
the staff is friendly and extremely helpful !	staff	positive
when i got it home it was a chopped salad and shirt rib risotto .	chopped salad	positive
when i got it home it was a chopped salad and shirt rib risotto .	shirt rib risotto	positive
the cashier was so rude .	cashier	negative
but the family bean curd ( tofu ) dish is perfectly tasteful and spicy .	family bean curd ( tofu ) dish	positive
interesting , well organized antique store which can be challenging .	antique store	positive
the kitchen dishes out straightforward , fresh seafood .	kitchen	positive
the kitchen dishes out straightforward , fresh seafood .	seafood	positive
my blood may be rare , but so is my patience .	blood	negative
my blood may be rare , but so is my patience .	patience	positive
the food is consistent , and the service very courteous .	food	positive
the food is consistent , and the service very courteous .	service	positive
service was so friendly and attentive .	service	positive
it was the most ridiculous display of what not to do as a manager .	manager	negative
the dining room was dated and the food was disgusting .	dining room	negative
the dining room was dated and the food was disgusting .	food	negative
drinks at the bar are good and the bartenders are friendly .	drinks	positive
drinks at the bar are good and the bartenders are friendly .	bar	positive
drinks at the bar are good and the bartenders are friendly .	bartenders	positive
tiny spent care cutting my hair and she was amazing .	hair	positive
the soup course consisted of a vegetable lobster soup .	soup course	positive
the soup course consisted of a vegetable lobster soup .	vegetable lobster soup	positive
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	lv bag	negative
on another visit , i waited over an hour in the waiting room .	waiting room	negative
good atmosphere and customer service while allowing you relax and enjoy your meal .	atmosphere	positive
good atmosphere and customer service while allowing you relax and enjoy your meal .	customer service	positive
good atmosphere and customer service while allowing you relax and enjoy your meal .	meal	positive
i just went here with my daughter .	daughter	positive
anyone who gave this place above two stars does not have taste buds .	place	negative
the biggest upset was our takeout order did not come with chips .	takeout order	negative
the biggest upset was our takeout order did not come with chips .	chips	negative
two stars for being open _num_ hours , just not worth the wait though .	wait	negative
exquisite martinis .	martinis	positive
not only that , the cups were dirty and old .	cups	negative
_num_ ) _num_ % of the electrical outlets did n't work .	electrical outlets	negative
we were also very happy with the wine .	wine	positive
my husband had the fish tacos ; very good .	fish tacos	positive
food is absolutely delicious and the ambience is just perfect .	food	positive
food is absolutely delicious and the ambience is just perfect .	ambience	positive
both steaks were perfectly cooked and tasted better than expected .	steaks	positive
wonderful , casual atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
good location , friendly staff .	location	positive
good location , friendly staff .	staff	positive
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .	customer service	positive
atmosphere is a1 .	atmosphere	positive
our little blonde waitress melanie was friendly and nice .	waitress	positive
two tables of patrons in the whole restaurant but no patrick .	tables	negative
i 've tried this place several times .	place	positive
this place really should get _num_ stars but it does n't even deserve _num_ .	place	negative
the entire staff is compassionate , educated , thorough and professional .	staff	positive
do not eat at this place !	place	negative
they have the best happy hour location and best burger .	happy hour location	positive
they have the best happy hour location and best burger .	burger	positive
kid friendly .	kid	positive
highly recommend the salon .	salon	positive
the best customer service and advice .	customer service	positive
the stay at the holiday inn made it a little better .	stay	positive
the sushi here is really good and affordable .	sushi here	positive
this is the best paint store ever .	paint store	positive
great nightly specials all on display when you walk in .	nightly specials	positive
we sat on down and ordered our food .	food	positive
the best collection of glass art ever .	glass art	positive
it was seriously the best pizza i 've ever had .	pizza	positive
the cashiers are super slow at taking orders and getting food orders out .	cashiers	negative
the cashiers are super slow at taking orders and getting food orders out .	food orders	negative
the views here are breathtaking and even the range and practice areas are perfect .	views	positive
the views here are breathtaking and even the range and practice areas are perfect .	range	positive
the views here are breathtaking and even the range and practice areas are perfect .	practice areas	positive
this place just lost _num_ potential clients from not answering their phones .	clients	negative
i tried on several more dresses and she was great !	dresses	positive
every dish i 've had was flavored in a very tasteful way .	dish	positive
love this place .	place	positive
staff was not friendly to begin with .	staff	negative
love this location !	location	positive
went across to yard house , much better .	yard house	positive
there 's nothing else on the menu worth ordering .	menu	negative
i 'm so thankful i found this office .	office	positive
he went into the kitchen after the meal and thanked the cook ) .	meal	positive
dinners order by my colleagues were also very good , everyone enjoyed their meals .	dinners order	positive
dinners order by my colleagues were also very good , everyone enjoyed their meals .	meals	positive
the coffee was terrible and the burrito was yuck .	coffee	negative
the coffee was terrible and the burrito was yuck .	burrito	negative
the ham was okay , but `` off the bone '' is an exaggeration .	ham	positive
this is pretty good place to workout overall .	place	positive
my waiter was johnny and he was very attentive .	waiter	positive
their rice tasted delicious .	rice	positive
i really love salon tru , amanda is great .	salon tru	positive
rice was n't wrapped all the way around rolls .	rice	negative
rice was n't wrapped all the way around rolls .	rolls	negative
ace brand is cheaper price but the quality seems to be just as good !	price	negative
ace brand is cheaper price but the quality seems to be just as good !	quality	positive
terrible experience at this starbucks store the few times i have visited .	starbucks store	negative
that may be a personal preference , but their sesame chicken is tremendous .	sesame chicken	positive
of course , no one reviewed the sushi yet .	sushi	negative
great lunch spot , would highly recommend it .	lunch spot	positive
the location and indoor/outdoor seating arrangement was nice .	location	positive
the location and indoor/outdoor seating arrangement was nice .	indoor/outdoor seating arrangement	positive
lots of clothing in poor condition .	clothing	negative
and to top it all off my boneless wings were barely coated with sauce .	sauce	negative
seriously save yourself the time , money , and frustration go anywhere but here !	money	negative
i really like this place .	place	positive
the staff was very nice as well .	staff	positive
was drinking beers was rude and extremely unprofessional .	beers	negative
we returned to this location and a great experience .	location	positive
the stay was excellent .	stay	positive
so save your money and go to oregano 's where they are not pretentious .	money	positive
so save your money and go to oregano 's where they are not pretentious .	oregano	positive
this place is the truth !	place	positive
we were very disappointed with our pizza .	pizza	negative
the utensils used to prepare the food for lying on a dirty table .	utensils	negative
the utensils used to prepare the food for lying on a dirty table .	food	negative
the utensils used to prepare the food for lying on a dirty table .	table	negative
first , the enchilada , refried beans and rice were cold on both plates .	enchilada	negative
first , the enchilada , refried beans and rice were cold on both plates .	refried beans	negative
first , the enchilada , refried beans and rice were cold on both plates .	rice	negative
favorite italian place in scottsdale !	italian place	positive
do not waste your time or money .	money	positive
the food and service was excellent .	food	positive
the food and service was excellent .	service	positive
dos is a great bar to bring a group of friends !	dos	positive
dos is a great bar to bring a group of friends !	bar	positive
this place is horrible !	place	negative
had the honey hot wings , it was n't bad , just mediocre .	honey hot wings	positive
called the clinic and explained what was happening and they got us right in .	clinic	negative
if there was a no zero star this is what this place would get .	place	positive
the sides were good .	sides	positive
the service was bad .	service	negative
no pork tacos and no chai tea .	pork tacos	negative
no pork tacos and no chai tea .	chai tea	negative
really friendly service .	service	positive
the hostess every time has been so sweet .	hostess	positive
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	patio	positive
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	place	positive
the area was checked with a laser level and was good to go .	area	positive
the area was checked with a laser level and was good to go .	laser level	positive
very comfortable and nice atmosphere.	atmosphere.	positive
terrible customer service .	customer service	negative
good food and good service .	food	positive
good food and good service .	service	positive
this was by far the worst jamba juice store i have been to .	jamba juice store	negative
this is a great place for lunch .	lunch	positive
the salsa is so good i want to drink it .	salsa	positive
seeing my food made is awesome !	food	positive
the seafood was definitely quite fresh though .	seafood	positive
my favorite local chinese restaurant !	chinese	positive
and fell in love with the place and the people !	place	positive
and fell in love with the place and the people !	people	positive
i had the king salmon with dill - perfect .	king salmon with dill	positive
always clean and the food is fantastic .	food	positive
love being able to order online and customize my families orders .	orders	positive
the mood is fun and the wait staff is awesome .	mood	positive
the mood is fun and the wait staff is awesome .	wait staff	positive
each meal is prepared in a manner that completely satisfies your palate .	meal	positive
it 's a great place for some dessert or for a whole meal .	dessert	positive
it 's a great place for some dessert or for a whole meal .	meal	positive
the people are very nice wonderful salon .	people	positive
the people are very nice wonderful salon .	salon	positive
the service was very good .	service	positive
fresh chips and salsa and fabulous green chile .	chips	positive
fresh chips and salsa and fabulous green chile .	green chile	positive
we felt pretty ignored and uncomfortable during our dinner monday night .	dinner	negative
the curries were pretty authentic and carried enough spice to make them very tasty .	curries	positive
we ordered beer and beer bites .	beer	positive
we ordered beer and beer bites .	beer bites	positive
i highly recommend the cove .	cove	positive
my wife and i saw a musical here and loved the theatre .	musical	positive
bathrooms were super dirty and were n't stocked .	bathrooms	negative
great eye care center !	eye care center	positive
visit their website and order online - pickup and enjoy .	pickup	positive
beer is sub par and the staff are extremely rude .	beer	negative
beer is sub par and the staff are extremely rude .	staff	negative
the office staff is friendly and it is a comfortable and laid back atmosphere .	office staff	positive
the office staff is friendly and it is a comfortable and laid back atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
we 'll continue to go to them with our other cat .	cat	positive
food and wine are a hit everytime we eat there .	food	positive
food and wine are a hit everytime we eat there .	wine	positive
i do n't understand how they can not have my will call tickets !	will call tickets	negative
besides being ridiculously rude , they have very inflated prices .	prices	negative
the food was shit , even the raspberry iced tea had no flavor .	food	negative
the food was shit , even the raspberry iced tea had no flavor .	raspberry iced tea	negative
i love this store .	store	positive
that bar experience left a bad taste in my mouth .	bar	negative
you 've got _num_ other rooms , put me in one of those !	rooms	negative
everyone is so friendly and food is good .	food	positive
prime rib is exquisite .	prime rib	positive
great service from melissa !	service	positive
my wife and i love this place .	place	positive
but that no one would help me get the fabric .	fabric	negative
excellent food and service .	food	positive
excellent food and service .	service	positive
i got a bunch of breakfast food and basically the whole order was wrong .	breakfast food	negative
do n't get me wrong , we love this place for sure .	place	positive
played here on wednesday and the course was immaculate .	course	positive
very unpleasant sales associates .	sales associates	negative
very disappointed with this place on my most recent two visits .	place	negative
great menu offering at a good value .	menu offering	positive
great menu offering at a good value .	value	positive
when the pizza arrived it was cold .	pizza	negative
the bad : well ... .	bad :	negative
enter at your own risk , they use some pushy / slimy sales tactics .	sales	negative
yes the `` staff '' reached out to me .	staff	positive
best place to eat korean food .	korean food	positive
i ca n't even pretend to dig this scene .	scene	negative
drinks are well poured ( strong ) .	drinks	positive
service was outstanding as always and the food was fantastic !	service	positive
service was outstanding as always and the food was fantastic !	food	positive
marshall 's service center is the best auto service center i have ever experienced .	auto service center	positive
the family that owns this place is great .	family	positive
the family that owns this place is great .	place	positive
had to wait for service longer than usual .	service	negative
the spaghetti and meatballs looked something out of a can .	spaghetti	negative
the spaghetti and meatballs looked something out of a can .	meatballs	negative
excellent service as always .	service	positive
i highly recommend this dealership .	dealership	positive
no trays of cinnamon rolls to be found .	trays of cinnamon rolls	negative
the calzone was perfect .	calzone	positive
bought them at the window and still paid _num_ bucks each in fees !	fees	negative
the bathroom has a tub and a separate shower which is nice .	bathroom	positive
the bathroom has a tub and a separate shower which is nice .	tub	positive
the bathroom has a tub and a separate shower which is nice .	shower	positive
btw one of the guys in my group got the wrong sandwich .	sandwich	negative
it has the most unique atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the worst indian food in the area .	indian food	negative
i received a vanilla brownie sunday instead of chocolate .	vanilla brownie sunday	negative
i received a vanilla brownie sunday instead of chocolate .	chocolate	negative
everything tasted good and the service was pretty good .	service	positive
so heavy on quinoa content , it overwhelmed everything else .	quinoa content	negative
after about _num_ minutes , my pancake arrives .	pancake	positive
friendly atmosphere , super chill yet super fast !	atmosphere	positive
the servers are very unfriendly .	servers	negative
they still have sushi as well .	sushi	positive
bland food , bland food , and bland food .	food	negative
bland food , bland food , and bland food .	food	negative
the flavor was superb ... .	flavor	positive
the place was absolutely filthy and decor is outdated .	place	negative
the place was absolutely filthy and decor is outdated .	decor	negative
other restaurants give you steak in a bowl for about the same price .	steak	negative
other restaurants give you steak in a bowl for about the same price .	bowl	negative
other restaurants give you steak in a bowl for about the same price .	price	negative
avoid shows at this venue !	venue	negative
meaning bad queso and bad cheese enchiladas .	queso	negative
super cute store !	store	positive
my friends and i had a great experience dining at grimaldi 's !	dining	positive
so good ca n't go wrong with anything you order .	ca	positive
impressive shot menu as well .	shot menu	positive
food is great usually especially the burritos .	food	positive
food is great usually especially the burritos .	burritos	positive
great job ladies !	ladies	positive
how do you have bad bread ?	bread	negative
very caring family i highly recommend .	family	positive
nice polite staff .	staff	positive
the ambiance was great .	ambiance	positive
rude staff should make themselves an appointment .	staff	negative
everyone has been very friendly and professional with a job well done .	everyone	positive
nice service .	service	positive
honestly the only appetizing meal was the stir fry .	appetizing meal	positive
honestly the only appetizing meal was the stir fry .	stir fry	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
gorgeous , comfortable rooms and luxurious amenities .	rooms	positive
gorgeous , comfortable rooms and luxurious amenities .	amenities	positive
service was very nice overall and our waiter was excellent .	service	positive
service was very nice overall and our waiter was excellent .	waiter	positive
very friendly service and prices are normal for a place like this .	service	positive
very friendly service and prices are normal for a place like this .	prices	positive
i love blizzards !	blizzards	positive
you can save your `` excuse '' reply on trying to justify your practices .	practices	negative
one of my favorite places !	places	positive
just a warning for those of you looking for a great mexican meal .	mexican meal	positive
great service , they know their clients by name , and have good prices !	service	positive
great service , they know their clients by name , and have good prices !	prices	positive
the coffee was one of the worst cups of coffee i 've ever had .	coffee	negative
the coffee was one of the worst cups of coffee i 've ever had .	cups of coffee	negative
they care about their residents providing excellent service .	service	positive
everything from ny steak to stir fry is on offer from great servers !	stir fry	positive
everything from ny steak to stir fry is on offer from great servers !	servers	positive
owner more than satisfied with their employees knowledge and service .	owner	positive
owner more than satisfied with their employees knowledge and service .	employees	positive
owner more than satisfied with their employees knowledge and service .	service	positive
and the sushi and the sashimi were just not that great .	sushi	negative
and the sushi and the sashimi were just not that great .	sashimi	negative
the veggies with the sea bass were inedible .	veggies	negative
the veggies with the sea bass were inedible .	sea bass	negative
this location served uncooked chicken tenders .	chicken tenders	positive
they gave me a key to someone 's room !	room	negative
i do not think it was real shrimp .	shrimp	negative
the atmosphere is great and it smells so delicious once you walk in .	atmosphere	positive
the best salsa in town , for their style ( blended restaurant ) .	salsa	positive
the best salsa in town , for their style ( blended restaurant ) .	style	positive
my bite of monkey bread and the omelet were both good .	bite of monkey bread	positive
my bite of monkey bread and the omelet were both good .	omelet	positive
my gel manicure was perfect .	gel manicure	positive
the baklava is the best i have ever had .	baklava	positive
i go every year for an eye exam and this place is pretty awesome !	eye exam	positive
great community , good location .	community	positive
great community , good location .	location	positive
carne con queso was unique .	carne con queso	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
i ordered huevos rancheros and my friends ordered biscuits and gravy .	huevos rancheros	positive
i ordered huevos rancheros and my friends ordered biscuits and gravy .	biscuits	positive
i ordered huevos rancheros and my friends ordered biscuits and gravy .	gravy	positive
door was locked .	door	negative
reminds me of a small town cafe , loved it and will go back !	cafe	positive
my daughter is nine and already very serious about her art .	art	positive
`` no prob .	prob	negative
the room smelled musty , was dated and felt kinda gross .	room	negative
as i walked to the counter , my shoes stuck to the floor .	counter	negative
best chimichangas in phx .	chimichangas in phx	positive
fun , loud atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
my hubby had the veggie skewer and agreed it was very bland & tasteless .	veggie skewer	negative
results were good ; i ordered szechuan chicken .	results	positive
results were good ; i ordered szechuan chicken .	szechuan chicken	positive
the pools are impeccably kept and gym well maintained .	pools	positive
the pools are impeccably kept and gym well maintained .	gym	positive
fun place to get some ice cream .	ice cream	positive
their wings are pretty darn good for the price .	wings	positive
their wings are pretty darn good for the price .	price	positive
honey , i 've had better mexican food in dc .	mexican food	positive
the best philly cheesesteak in town !	philly cheesesteak	positive
the asian fusion tastes are imaginative and unique .	asian fusion tastes	positive
worst service in scottsdale .	service	negative
really great experience despite the uncomfortable nature of the procedure .	procedure	positive
the gf and i were in search of a happy hour in the area .	gf	positive
the gf and i were in search of a happy hour in the area .	area	positive
food is fantastic !	food	positive
i always special order things .	things	positive
small deli serving up some delicious sandwiches !	deli	positive
small deli serving up some delicious sandwiches !	sandwiches	positive
doctors and staff are wonderful and painless .	doctors	positive
doctors and staff are wonderful and painless .	staff	positive
wasted _num_ min .	wasted _num_ min	positive
the food seems to be getting less tasty each time i come here .	food	negative
great old fashioned doughnuts !	doughnuts	positive
we had n't even sat down when the chips and salsa arrived .	chips	negative
we had n't even sat down when the chips and salsa arrived .	salsa	positive
this place was outstanding .	place	positive
all the staff are very personal .	staff	positive
and the staff was great .	staff	positive
cheap and great take out food .	take out food	positive
salad was drowned in dressing .	salad	negative
salad was drowned in dressing .	dressing	negative
and the sandwich was a delight .	sandwich	positive
no refilling drinks ... and the list goes on .	drinks	negative
no refilling drinks ... and the list goes on .	list	negative
had dinner here with my wife recently .	dinner	positive
the portions are family style !	portions	positive
the pool area is the best as always .	pool area	positive
we just love the feel of a high end persian restaurant .	feel	positive
we just love the feel of a high end persian restaurant .	persian restaurant	positive
ridiculous place .	place	negative
excellent wine .	wine	positive
speed of service was a little slow but friendly .	service	negative
best place to take your car for repair bar none .	repair bar	positive
the burrito was in an extremely soggy tortilla .	burrito	negative
the burrito was in an extremely soggy tortilla .	tortilla	negative
we received excellent service !	service	positive
great outdoor patio .	outdoor patio	positive
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
we love this good egg !	egg	positive
service is fast for crowd , very nice and friendly staff .	service	positive
service is fast for crowd , very nice and friendly staff .	crowd	positive
service is fast for crowd , very nice and friendly staff .	staff	positive
server got _num_ of _num_ wrong .	server	negative
nice menu , and friendly staff .	menu	positive
nice menu , and friendly staff .	staff	positive
great service !	service	positive
i really love this place !	place	positive
most of the time the service is excellent .	service	positive
using their online ordering system is a complete waste of time .	online ordering system	negative
major kudos !	kudos	positive
chicken sausages are awesome !	chicken sausages	positive
i would not recommend this place at all .	place	negative
the prickly pear margarita was delicious !	prickly pear margarita	positive
the waiters are wonderful .	waiters	positive
the management is a joke and she is very rude .	management	negative
management really needs to work on communication amongst its workers .	management	negative
place has really gone downhill since the `` move '' .	place	negative
the happy hour is awesome .	happy hour	positive
it is the new asu head coach , you know . ''	head coach	positive
great place to karaoke .	karaoke	positive
any of the mexican breakfast items are delicious .	mexican breakfast items	positive
their food and service is excellent .	food	positive
their food and service is excellent .	service	positive
excellent wine list .	wine list	positive
good food but a terrible experience .	food	positive
a great little spot .	spot	positive
definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
wife and i both had wild boar meatballs !	wild boar meatballs	positive
just rude servers here .	servers	negative
it 's clean with plenty of space for even the largest working group lunch .	working group lunch	positive
the espresso to milk ratio was way off as well .	espresso to milk ratio	negative
finally a place that understands the true meaning of `` extra cheese '' .	cheese	positive
i wish i had eaten only the black bean tortillas and butter !	black bean tortillas and butter	positive
my family and i love cpk .	cpk	positive
the food was so delicious !	food	positive
my favorite , beside a slice and salad , is their eggplant parm sandwich .	eggplant parm sandwich	positive
left numerous voice mail messages and emails - none returned .	voice	negative
this is a great place to take the kiddos for a couple of hours .	place	positive
this is a great place to take the kiddos for a couple of hours .	kiddos	positive
they then told me the fuel pump was broken and needed to be replaced .	fuel pump	negative
the vegetable of the day was some gross mixed veggies from a can .	vegetable	negative
the vegetable of the day was some gross mixed veggies from a can .	can	negative
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	food	negative
the staff were awesome and extremely helpful !	staff	positive
the food was great .	food	positive
sides are amazing and service is 2nd to none .	sides	positive
sides are amazing and service is 2nd to none .	service	positive
horrible , thirty minutes for drinks and an hour thirty for food .	drinks	negative
horrible , thirty minutes for drinks and an hour thirty for food .	food	negative
it was very greasy but oddly the tortilla was hard and cardboard like .	tortilla	negative
the owner is originally from new york so he knows his pizza !	owner	positive
the owner is originally from new york so he knows his pizza !	pizza	positive
the people at the door had the worst attitudes i have ever come across .	people	negative
avoid this awful nail salon !	nail salon	negative
the manager gave me the bullshit that they are service dogs .	manager	negative
the manager gave me the bullshit that they are service dogs .	service dogs	negative
great food and service .	food	positive
great food and service .	service	positive
the service is great food comes out fast .	service	positive
the service is great food comes out fast .	food	positive
guess it was a good thing we paid cash and did n't need change .	change	positive
the food is amazing with some amazing sauces .	food	positive
the food is amazing with some amazing sauces .	sauces	positive
the could use music , better lighting , and better service .	music	negative
the could use music , better lighting , and better service .	lighting	negative
the could use music , better lighting , and better service .	service	negative
there were cockroaches crawling on the bar top .	cockroaches	negative
there were cockroaches crawling on the bar top .	bar top	negative
jen , samantha , and shelly are the best hands down .	jen	positive
service , atmosphere and just an experience .	service	positive
service , atmosphere and just an experience .	atmosphere	positive
always consistently good with terrific service .	service	positive
typically order delivery and it arrives in reasonable time , every time .	delivery	positive
i meat and cheese available at the deli counter is exquisite .	meat and cheese	positive
i meat and cheese available at the deli counter is exquisite .	deli counter	positive
the mozzarella was soooo good !	mozzarella	positive
i am so happy this place is across the street from me !	place	positive
great sausage and pepper sandwich , reasonably priced .	sausage and pepper sandwich	positive
quality is bad but again , i dont expect much out of these places .	quality	negative
love the village tavern !	village tavern	positive
the food was absolutely fabulous .	food	positive
my waitress to her credit noticed it and the food was never set down .	waitress	positive
my waitress to her credit noticed it and the food was never set down .	food	positive
we all have choices , dominos and this location always does a great job !	dominos	positive
we all have choices , dominos and this location always does a great job !	location	positive
i would highly recommend this place .	place	positive
best wings you will find anywhere .	wings	positive
i really want a rug thats not priced .	rug	negative
i really want a rug thats not priced .	priced	negative
kitchen appliances were terrible , carpet was cheap and uncomfortable .	kitchen appliances	negative
kitchen appliances were terrible , carpet was cheap and uncomfortable .	carpet	negative
the food is delicious .	food	positive
still our waiter was attentive and friendly .	waiter	positive
professionalism fail .	professionalism	negative
unfortunately , the food was less then mediocre at best .	food	negative
fantastic ambiance , service , and food -- thanks , los olivos !	ambiance	positive
fantastic ambiance , service , and food -- thanks , los olivos !	service	positive
fantastic ambiance , service , and food -- thanks , los olivos !	food	positive
highly recommended for a good night out .	night	positive
good size food but the location is what makes it great .	food	positive
good size food but the location is what makes it great .	location	positive
the menu has a great selection to choose from .	menu	positive
love the christmas decorations , bartenders the best .	christmas decorations	positive
love the christmas decorations , bartenders the best .	bartenders	positive
the flavor and texture of the brats were spot on perfection .	flavor	positive
the flavor and texture of the brats were spot on perfection .	texture	positive
the flavor and texture of the brats were spot on perfection .	brats	positive
the carne adovada was tender and cooked to perfection .	carne adovada	positive
i had lamb kabob and was very pleased .	lamb kabob	positive
i love this salon .	salon	positive
wow , this was some amazing food .	food	positive
pretty good concept if you ask me .	concept	positive
this place is such a scottsdale institution !	place	positive
the shrimp is great .	shrimp	positive
they have amazing fresh juices , i enjoyed the pineapple juice .	fresh juices	positive
they have amazing fresh juices , i enjoyed the pineapple juice .	pineapple juice	positive
service is always good even when it is packed .	service	positive
so unless you want to be refused service , try another location .	service	negative
so unless you want to be refused service , try another location .	location	positive
we moved to chandler from tempe _num_ months ago and dig this little place .	tempe	positive
we moved to chandler from tempe _num_ months ago and dig this little place .	place	positive
the food is even better !	food	positive
my friend had the spicy seafood soup and it was great .	spicy seafood soup	positive
in addition to the service the music was great .	service	positive
in addition to the service the music was great .	music	positive
this was literally the worst service i have ever had .	service	negative
skip this place and go elsewhere to spend your money .	place	negative
skip this place and go elsewhere to spend your money .	money	negative
always amazing food !	food	positive
the food is so good here !	food	positive
this is my favorite location in the valley .	location	positive
love this place !	place	positive
if you need a good tailor , go this this shop !	tailor	positive
if you need a good tailor , go this this shop !	shop	positive
elaine , my dental hygienist , is awesome !	dental	positive
what an amazing team !	team	positive
i really do n't like this place .	place	negative
love the camelback soda !	camelback soda	positive
pizza always comes in hot and tasty .	pizza	positive
great service .	service	positive
we had a great suite and really enjoyed the pools and the tennis courts .	suite	positive
we had a great suite and really enjoyed the pools and the tennis courts .	pools	positive
we had a great suite and really enjoyed the pools and the tennis courts .	tennis courts	positive
i recently hosted a company team event on the dolly steamboat .	company	positive
i recently hosted a company team event on the dolly steamboat .	dolly steamboat	positive
great happy hour !	happy hour	positive
no green onion , no tomato , no guac .	green onion , no tomato ,	negative
no green onion , no tomato , no guac .	guac	negative
love to dance there .	dance	positive
what a great place for pizza .	pizza	positive
love this place .	place	positive
great tasting persian food .	persian food	positive
the service was excellent .	service	positive
the sommelier chris is so wonderful !	sommelier chris	positive
nothing fancy , just good old fashion mexican food .	mexican food	positive
sushi is mediocre .	sushi	negative
the service was amazing .	service	positive
was able to see the sunset , while we ate dinner .	dinner	positive
comfortable seating inside and lots of outdoor seating when the weather is nice !	seating	positive
comfortable seating inside and lots of outdoor seating when the weather is nice !	outdoor seating	positive
does anyone know what authentic chinese is ?	chinese	positive
further , the acoustics are terrible .	acoustics	negative
the worst service .	service	negative
overall , was expecting more from this place .	place	negative
steaks ... .	steaks	positive
the food was mediocre , and not terribly hot .	food	negative
best latin food i 've had in a long time .	latin food	positive
the bar menu presents a real value during happy hour .	bar menu	positive
no one else in the pub seemed to care either .	pub	negative
good service & lines move pretty quick when their busy .	service	positive
good service & lines move pretty quick when their busy .	lines	positive
wings were good !	wings	positive
stop your chain addiction and try out one of these great local favorites !	chain	positive
great dinner with amazing friends before my stand up show this past sunday .	dinner	positive
the service afterwards was terrible .	service	negative
i love the food here !	food	positive
my biggest complaint , by far , is how bad the noise carries .	noise	negative
thanks bob , and the entire staff .	staff	positive
wow , the food here is so good and very cheap .	food	positive
this is a cool store .	store	positive
it 's a great change from starbucks and einstein 's .	starbucks	positive
fantastic food and great service .	food	positive
fantastic food and great service .	service	positive
i will recommend john 's services to everyone as he exceeded my expectations !	services	positive
oldtown scottsdale has a lot to offer as well .	scottsdale	positive
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	grease flavor	positive
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	beers	positive
she did clean the mess but with the biggest attitude ever .	mess	negative
worst company in the face of the planet .	company	negative
i highly recommend misty !	misty	positive
fantastic place for my pup .	place	positive
fantastic place for my pup .	pup	positive
great beer , great vibe , super friendly servers .	beer	positive
great beer , great vibe , super friendly servers .	vibe	positive
great beer , great vibe , super friendly servers .	servers	positive
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	equipment	negative
ordered linguini with seafood , was cold to the touch .	linguini with seafood	negative
apparently they have been getting this a lot from midas customers .	midas customers	negative
these guys are clean , professional , and respectful of your property and fixtures .	property	positive
these guys are clean , professional , and respectful of your property and fixtures .	fixtures	positive
the ingredients definitely taste fresh and the food was well made .	ingredients	positive
the ingredients definitely taste fresh and the food was well made .	food	positive
a great mix of eclectic very good food .	food	positive
this is a wonderful locally owned and operated sandwhich shop .	sandwhich shop	positive
solid food , get the pork chop and the shrimp diablo .	food	positive
solid food , get the pork chop and the shrimp diablo .	pork chop	positive
solid food , get the pork chop and the shrimp diablo .	shrimp diablo	positive
great service food easy parking and a fantastic brunch .	service food	positive
great service food easy parking and a fantastic brunch .	parking	positive
great service food easy parking and a fantastic brunch .	brunch	positive
big portions and top quality .	portions	positive
big portions and top quality .	quality	positive
highly recommend the bbq chicken !	bbq chicken	positive
best ny pizza in the world .	pizza	positive
i have been here twice and been impressed with their food both times .	food	positive
it 's pretty simple and straight forward for the soft tacos i order .	soft tacos	positive
waited for condiment until food got cold .	condiment	negative
waited for condiment until food got cold .	food	negative
perfect service .	service	positive
great meat and condiments .	meat	positive
great meat and condiments .	condiments	positive
amazing steaks served extra hot on a sizzling plate .	steaks served	positive
amazing steaks served extra hot on a sizzling plate .	plate	positive
tasted like a honey glaze and was disgusting .	honey glaze	negative
customer service is lacking .	customer service	negative
this is probably my favorite sandwich shop !	sandwich	positive
they give us awesome deals , so we always go back .	deals	positive
their best meal is the baby back ribs .	baby back ribs	positive
delicious food .	food	positive
service was good tonight , the food is always fresh and yummy .	service	positive
service was good tonight , the food is always fresh and yummy .	food	positive
you guys are so awesome !	guys	positive
this spot was recommended by a local that i trust with food choices .	spot	positive
this spot was recommended by a local that i trust with food choices .	food choices	positive
pad tai was particularly tasty !	pad tai	positive
the food selection was poor .	food selection	negative
this has to be the worst nail spa in arizona !	nail spa	negative
great fast cooking asian menu .	asian menu	positive
the waitresses are very friendly and treat customers well .	waitresses	positive
great find and definitely recommend !	find	positive
we trust home depot , so why not go with the guys they choose .	guys	negative
beautiful looking and very tasty food .	food	positive
i would avoid this location at all cost .	location	negative
place is a complete ripoff .	place	negative
people are very nice and fast .	people	positive
i went for a cleaning , nothing more .	cleaning	positive
just hard to recommend when the sushi is so ridiculously small and overpriced .	sushi	negative
awesome resort .	resort	positive
they always have the best prices and quality to offer .	prices	positive
they always have the best prices and quality to offer .	quality	positive
mind you , this was after business hours and lunch express was closed .	lunch express	negative
could n't find our enchilada in the mess of beans , rice and whatever .	enchilada	negative
could n't find our enchilada in the mess of beans , rice and whatever .	mess of beans	negative
could n't find our enchilada in the mess of beans , rice and whatever .	rice	negative
we love razz 's !	razz	positive
at the door we were met by a rude jerk named jesse .	jesse	negative
service was great at the sushi bar .	service	positive
service was great at the sushi bar .	sushi bar	positive
we like the friendly people that work here as well .	people	positive
i give it _num_ stars because the cost is low .	cost	negative
i also do n't agree with the cash or check only form of payment .	cash	negative
i also do n't agree with the cash or check only form of payment .	check	negative
i also do n't agree with the cash or check only form of payment .	payment	negative
great friendly service , prices and advice .	service	positive
great friendly service , prices and advice .	prices	positive
i love fry 's electronics .	fry	positive
i love fry 's electronics .	electronics	positive
if you like burgers , you 'll love the big ass burger !	burger	positive
i had their beef cubes & it was dry .	beef cubes	negative
this is the best veterinary office i have ever been to .	veterinary office	positive
really disappointed for the price .	price	negative
friendly staff and everyone seemed like a local who came there often .	staff	positive
the dental hygienist was awesome as well .	dental	positive
i refuse to buy from this store i 'm going to order online instead !	store	negative
the plates are gross looking .	plates	negative
anyway ... the food was great !	food	positive
price was wonderful , about half one of the others .	price	positive
they came highly recommended by the manager from our hotel and we loved everything .	manager	positive
the food is average at best , the service is beyond slow .	food	positive
the food is average at best , the service is beyond slow .	service	negative
no hummus for him and he had the other 1/2 of my pita .	hummus	negative
no hummus for him and he had the other 1/2 of my pita .	pita	positive
absolutely horrible service .	service	negative
the pot stickers were hard like a rock .	pot stickers	negative
his office staff is very kind and extremely quick .	office staff	positive
great service all of the time .	service	positive
slowest place on earth .	place	negative
debbie , the event coordinator , was fabulous !	event coordinator	positive
some great arizona brews .	arizona brews	positive
good sized portions , steaks and sides are flavorful .	portions	positive
good sized portions , steaks and sides are flavorful .	steaks	positive
good sized portions , steaks and sides are flavorful .	sides	positive
the entire staff is so kind .	staff	positive
first thing you should know is that malee 's is not traditional thai food .	thai food	negative
the salon is huge and very clean .	salon	positive
amazing job on my brakes .	job	positive
all items were very flavorful and something we would order again .	items	positive
just a tip !	tip	negative
definitely , try the egg rolls !	egg rolls	positive
they brought rolls , which i was not impressed with .	rolls	negative
everything was amazing except the pad thai .	pad thai	positive
not to mention some incredible donuts .	donuts	positive
and hands down , the best nail trim my dog has ever had !	nail trim	positive
their orange juice is freshly squeezed and is so good .	orange juice	positive
barro 's pizza is the best i 've had in town .	pizza	positive
first time ordering from here ... _num_ entrees and soup cost over $ _num_ !	soup	negative
we ended up ordering 3-4 pizzas and ended up with something everyone liked .	ordering	positive
adorable tiny little neighborhood spot with great food !	food	positive
added bonus they have darts , shuffleboard , and board games all for free !	darts	positive
added bonus they have darts , shuffleboard , and board games all for free !	shuffleboard	positive
added bonus they have darts , shuffleboard , and board games all for free !	board games	positive
i gave the waitress my card and she comes back saying it was declined .	waitress	negative
it 's a steakhouse that is decorated like a sports bar !	sports bar	positive
the spinach , artichoke dip is exceptional .	spinach , artichoke dip	positive
it used to be _num_ meals .	meals	negative
a fun , eclectic , scottsdale eatery .	scottsdale eatery	positive
best margaritas in town !	margaritas	positive
the vet doc is very nice too !	vet doc	positive
ok ... this place .	place	positive
i do n't care what anyone says , i love you julio g !	julio	positive
i highly recommend this shop .	shop	positive
worst pad thai i 've ever had .	pad thai	negative
they get _num_ stars because the pizza looked amazing .	pizza	positive
the bartender pours a strong drink and always has a story to tell .	bartender	positive
the bartender pours a strong drink and always has a story to tell .	drink	positive
came here on business and really enjoyed it .	business	positive
i actually dig this place !	place	positive
i have been back _num_ times and the food is always great .	food	positive
overall , a great place !	place	positive
gym and pool are great .	gym	positive
gym and pool are great .	pool	positive
the staff were very friendly and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
staff was very friendly and knowledgeable .	staff	positive
went on a friday night , but there was no hostess on duty .	hostess	negative
but the food great .	food	positive
the crab puffs are a must !	crab puffs	positive
all of which is at a fair price .	price	positive
like the cloth tablecloths it is kind of pampering .	cloth tablecloths	negative
and then there 's the happy hour .	happy	positive
if you 're in a rush this is the place is fabulous .	place	positive
what a waste of time and money .	money	negative
the sandwiches are big and taste fresh .	sandwiches	positive
if you like beer , you 'll love this place .	beer	positive
if you like beer , you 'll love this place .	place	positive
this was my first visit to this theatre and i was impressed .	theatre	positive
the waitstaff was wonderful .	waitstaff	positive
service was very friendly and we sat out on the patio .	service	positive
service was very friendly and we sat out on the patio .	patio	positive
once we got our food my mothers was cold and was n't right .	food	negative
the building itself looks abandoned .	building	negative
my husband enjoyed the boneless chicken .	chicken	positive
friendly staff , amazing food and always consistent .	staff	positive
friendly staff , amazing food and always consistent .	food	positive
their mission statement is not at all how they treat their customers !	customers	negative
service was excellent as well with a very nice atmosphere .	service	positive
service was excellent as well with a very nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
authentic new york style italian deli that serves dine-in sandwiches and such .	italian deli	positive
authentic new york style italian deli that serves dine-in sandwiches and such .	dine-in sandwiches	positive
this hospital is horrible .	hospital	negative
the waiters all treat you well .	waiters	positive
the waffle was very good .	waffle	positive
no , cake can not replace sex , but it definitely tastes good .	cake	positive
no , cake can not replace sex , but it definitely tastes good .	sex	positive
can we please get some better management in here ?	management	positive
love this place .	place	positive
i would give them a negative this place is not what it looks like .	place	negative
the orange chicken was good but the curry chicken was watery and bland .	orange chicken	positive
the orange chicken was good but the curry chicken was watery and bland .	curry chicken	positive
amazing job !	job	positive
the other people in my party ordered the roast chicken .	roast chicken	negative
_num_ dollars for internet only !	internet	positive
we started with a artichoke to share , and it was a great treat .	artichoke	positive
we started with a artichoke to share , and it was a great treat .	treat	positive
she 's an amazing doctor .	doctor	positive
nice selection ... horrible service .	selection	positive
nice selection ... horrible service .	service	negative
nope , this is n't a place for me .	place	negative
also a great selection of drinks candy & other things !	selection of drinks candy	positive
the best persian food in arizona , hands down !	persian food	positive
no doubt , the best gym on the planet .	gym	positive
the is our favorite place for breakfast .	breakfast	positive
the marquee in tempe is a joke !	marquee in tempe	positive
tried charleston 's for lunch recently .	lunch	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
with every flush , i noticed water at the base of the toilet .	water	negative
with every flush , i noticed water at the base of the toilet .	toilet	negative
i ordered two enchiladas , and all rice , no beans .	enchiladas	negative
i ordered two enchiladas , and all rice , no beans .	rice , no beans	negative
i love this bank !	bank	positive
this is a great pizza place !	pizza place	positive
we were excited to come to this place but it turned to be disappointing .	place	negative
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	restaurants	negative
my girlfriend just loves her flowers every time .	flowers	positive
the roti chicken is incredible everyone at the table ate mine .	roti chicken	positive
the exotic mushroom pan fry is just as good .	exotic mushroom pan fry	positive
santisi brother 's has awesome pizza and the best calzone i have ever had .	pizza	positive
santisi brother 's has awesome pizza and the best calzone i have ever had .	calzone	positive
the beauty exhibit for father 's day .	beauty exhibit	positive
of all people the owner is who treated us poorly .	owner	negative
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	food	positive
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	service	negative
occasionally , there 's an amazing jazz band that plays .	jazz band	positive
the place was not busy , but there was no sense of urgency whatsoever .	place	positive
the filet is amazing and the service is exceptional .	filet	positive
the filet is amazing and the service is exceptional .	service	positive
the service was fast and nice .	service	positive
great food , great service .	food	positive
great food , great service .	service	positive
i also ordered the burger and it looked disgusting !	burger	negative
the staff is helpful , knowledgable and friendly .	staff	positive
one of my favorite restaurant period .	period	positive
they explained everything well and provide excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
we ordered pad thai , was very dry but not horrible .	pad thai	negative
great job highly recommended .	job	positive
this food is fast , fresh and they pour a great drink !	food	positive
this food is fast , fresh and they pour a great drink !	drink	positive
a _num_ % tip for horrible service !	service	negative
the worst chinese buffet ever .	chinese buffet	negative
i also had the seafood lasagna which was delicious !	seafood lasagna	positive
dh order the turkey sandwich .	turkey sandwich	positive
people still talk about my wedding cake .	wedding cake	positive
prices are ridiculous and fruit is extra !	prices	negative
prices are ridiculous and fruit is extra !	fruit	negative
prices are very reasonable for such fresh ingredients and tasty dishes .	prices	positive
prices are very reasonable for such fresh ingredients and tasty dishes .	ingredients	positive
prices are very reasonable for such fresh ingredients and tasty dishes .	dishes	positive
can you say worst customer service ever ?	customer service	negative
best mexican i 've ever had .	mexican	positive
after the facial my face felt so clean and light .	face	positive
food is awesome bar fare at great prices .	food	positive
food is awesome bar fare at great prices .	bar fare	positive
food is awesome bar fare at great prices .	prices	positive
wine selection is outstanding .	wine selection	positive
i also had spa service that was so relaxing and nice .	spa service	positive
great place !	place	positive
some of the best authentic street tacos in the usa .	street tacos	positive
had the best food !	food	positive
the thing that really made me sad , though , was the frosting !	frosting	negative
my wife had the chicken very good !	chicken	positive
always found the people here to be very friendly highly recommended .	people	positive
best southwestern food around .	southwestern food	positive
my son did n't like the cookie he ordered for dessert .	cookie	negative
my son did n't like the cookie he ordered for dessert .	dessert	negative
the physician 's assistant was so sweet and personable .	physician	positive
why do you insist on sending me an overcooked egg ?	egg	negative
shower head broke off - _num_ days to replace .	shower head	negative
the ice cream treats were good .	ice cream treats	positive
first of all , the sports memorabilia is incredible !	sports memorabilia	positive
the tamales are among the best i have had.	tamales	positive
do not go to this place !	place	negative
very pleased with dinner and happy hour , visited twice over the holidays .	dinner	positive
phil and crew are the best !	crew	positive
everything is displayed like it 's a living space .	living space	positive
that 's `` a '' in customer service !	customer service	positive
a cesar salad , and an order of hot wings last night .	cesar salad	positive
a cesar salad , and an order of hot wings last night .	order of hot wings	positive
i would highly recommend and will definitely return when if ever in the area !	area	positive
huge menu , great food .	menu	positive
huge menu , great food .	food	positive
great price as well .	price	positive
everything was very good and it is a very pretty bar .	bar	positive
do n't take this school too seriously .	school	negative
the price was good , and even better , the pizza was quite good .	price	positive
the price was good , and even better , the pizza was quite good .	pizza	positive
then i got ants in my pants waiting and i went to the bar .	bar	negative
best ingredients and fresh .	ingredients	positive
terrible service .	service	negative
classy place , the staff is friendly , and the food is excellent .	place	positive
classy place , the staff is friendly , and the food is excellent .	staff	positive
classy place , the staff is friendly , and the food is excellent .	food	positive
this is one of the nicest starbucks locations i have ever gone to .	starbucks locations	positive
that 's per my friends that every vodka drink order try to win it .	vodka drink	negative
this place is great !	place	positive
: ) but quality , honest work .	quality	positive
: ) but quality , honest work .	work	positive
i will continue to go back to this guy again and again .	guy	positive
i stop at mcdonalds perhaps three times a year .	mcdonalds	positive
nice to see owners that truly care about their customers and business .	owners	positive
nice to see owners that truly care about their customers and business .	customers	positive
nice to see owners that truly care about their customers and business .	business	positive
my hair looks great every day and all i do is brush it !	hair	positive
got my transmission fluid done with some other stuff .	transmission fluid	negative
good classic chinese food that is pretty good to be honest .	chinese food	positive
to top it off , the bartender was slow as shit .	bartender	negative
the enchilada sauces came on the side and did n't taste yummy .	enchilada sauces	negative
on another visit i had the humus and the skewers .	humus	positive
on another visit i had the humus and the skewers .	skewers	positive
i 'll definitely come back to this place for sure .	place	positive
staff behind the deli counter were super nice and efficient !	staff	positive
staff behind the deli counter were super nice and efficient !	deli counter	positive
i had the hot dog and my wife had a grilled cheese .	hot dog	positive
i had the hot dog and my wife had a grilled cheese .	grilled cheese	positive
my burrito was n't terrible but it was n't good .	burrito	negative
i love samurai .	samurai	positive
i kept the receipt , i know , smart right ?	receipt	positive
their biscuits and gravy were delicious .	biscuits	positive
their biscuits and gravy were delicious .	gravy	positive
i threw out my meal and ate popcorn for dinner .	meal	positive
i threw out my meal and ate popcorn for dinner .	popcorn	positive
i threw out my meal and ate popcorn for dinner .	dinner	positive
i did n't really care for the food .	food	negative
i asked for some ... never came to the table .	table	negative
the wait for the soup was _num_ min .	wait	negative
the wait for the soup was _num_ min .	soup	negative
too bad cause sales staff was great though .	sales staff	positive
service is the worst - enough said .	service	negative
seems like a very trust worthy place .	place	positive
beautiful stunning old hotel , with impeccably clean rooms .	rooms	positive
great service , friendly staff , and amazing sushi !	service	positive
great service , friendly staff , and amazing sushi !	staff	positive
great service , friendly staff , and amazing sushi !	sushi	positive
it is reasonably priced , good southwest food and has a really nice atmosphere .	priced	positive
it is reasonably priced , good southwest food and has a really nice atmosphere .	southwest food	positive
it is reasonably priced , good southwest food and has a really nice atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
reasonably priced as well .	priced	positive
the only problem was , there was nobody behind the bar .	bar	negative
try the place in thomas just west of scottsdale rd .	place	positive
i ca n't deny , i kind of love the classic ice cream parlor .	ice cream parlor	positive
i will always go here for my subs !	subs	positive
a very good value for the money .	value	positive
a very good value for the money .	money	positive
i 've always had a good experience at this starbucks .	starbucks	positive
the prime rib sliders were excellent with the side of atomic horseradish .	prime rib sliders	positive
overall a great value , friendly service , and tasty food .	value	positive
overall a great value , friendly service , and tasty food .	service	positive
overall a great value , friendly service , and tasty food .	food	positive
oh , and their bread was extremely hard and cold .	bread	negative
if you enjoy modern art and design , it 's worth checking out .	design	positive
always a fair price and always professional and courteous .	price	positive
and this has to be the best meal i have ever had !	meal	positive
excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
i was n't blown away by the food .	food	positive
this review is for the great service !	service	positive
i got french toast with sausage and eggs .	french toast with sausage and eggs	positive
interesting small museum .	museum	positive
all the while serving _num_ customers ( including me ) the whole time .	customers	positive
oh , then ignore my rating .	rating	negative
dog friendly !	dog	positive
now there making no money from _num_ till midnight .	money	negative
pair with a pleasant shot of espresso this meal was beyond memorable .	shot of espresso	positive
pair with a pleasant shot of espresso this meal was beyond memorable .	meal	positive
i 'm not a human , just a long line of cattle to brand .	cattle	negative
there were four of us and all were very happy with our food .	food	positive
this place is pretty great !	place	positive
stock your cafe properly and i will give _num_ or _num_ stars .	cafe	positive
no apologies , no nothing .	apologies	negative
food is awesome !	food	positive
one of the best pizza spots in the area !	pizza spots	positive
this place always has a fantastic selection of brews .	selection of brews	positive
bob her ... in the service department was arrogant and rude .	service department	negative
it 's an amazing bar !	bar	positive
plus elmer is so nice , love when we get to see him !	elmer	positive
she gave me the style i had requested and did an excellent job .	style	positive
the gyro meat is incredible !	gyro meat	positive
waitstaff was fantastic too .	waitstaff	positive
great service , awesome atmosphere .	service	positive
great service , awesome atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
the margaritas are great i love the guacamole and salsa .	margaritas	positive
the margaritas are great i love the guacamole and salsa .	guacamole	positive
the margaritas are great i love the guacamole and salsa .	salsa	positive
they go above and beyond to make their customers satisfied .	customers	positive
thank you to a wonderful staff !	staff	positive
oh did , i mention i do n't eat pork our red meat .	pork	negative
oh did , i mention i do n't eat pork our red meat .	red meat	negative
the wings are great .	wings	positive
surprisingly , i am giving this place _num_ stars .	place	positive
the drink menu is also really good .	drink menu	positive
i recommend if you ever want great tasting food .	food	positive
you 'll find beautiful stuff dirty and damaged .	stuff	negative
the only thing good was fast service .	service	positive
he did a thorough exam and charged reasonable rates .	rates	positive
the bathroom is dirty and smells like stale water .	bathroom	negative
the bathroom is dirty and smells like stale water .	water	negative
i will always recommend bagel nosh to our friends and loved ones .	bagel nosh	positive
there is no single serving size for dinner !	serving size	negative
there is no single serving size for dinner !	dinner	negative
they have a good selection of az wines and will be expanding soon .	selection of az wines	positive
very lively atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
love this salon !	salon	positive
overall , an excellent choice for an inexpensive meal out .	meal	positive
hiding the free weights is n't a fun game .	free weights	negative
bomb sandwiches and fresh baked bread !	sandwiches	negative
bomb sandwiches and fresh baked bread !	fresh baked bread	positive
_num_ - _num_ minutes i can understand , _num_ minutes , not really .	_num_	negative
amazing view , and excellent service .	view	positive
amazing view , and excellent service .	service	positive
we decided to share a carrot cake large cupcake , sooo amazing !	carrot cake large cupcake	positive
it would probably also be good for the dinner cruise .	dinner cruise	positive
the staff and service are _num_ star as well !	staff	positive
the staff and service are _num_ star as well !	service	positive
i 'm a north indian and know the north indian food very well .	indian food	positive
the wings are a decent size .	wings	positive
i have been to this restaurant dozens of times throughout the years .	restaurant	positive
when we walked in it smelled like piss .	piss	negative
randy back in the hitch install bay is great .	hitch install bay	positive
this place serves excellent pizza and salads .	pizza	positive
this place serves excellent pizza and salads .	salads	positive
tastes like just bread .	bread	positive
heck , they do n't even carry green peppers any more !	green peppers	negative
had a great experience with this company .	company	positive
scott is very knowledgeable and they offer an excellent selection cigars .	selection cigars	positive
residents and staff are nice .	residents	positive
residents and staff are nice .	staff	positive
all my friends loved their dishes as well .	dishes	positive
nice atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
the lighting is perfect ... .	lighting	positive
it was the only one you did n't use on your menu .	menu	negative
when and if it is busy , the waitresses are n't always attentive .	waitresses	negative
another mid age white guy later on sat _num_ seats away from me .	sat	negative
another mid age white guy later on sat _num_ seats away from me .	seats	negative
this is a great place for a big group of friends .	place	positive
the gyros are excellent .	gyros	positive
they can thank you for the low rating .	rating	negative
the pottery selection is pretty nice as well and decently priced .	pottery selection	positive
the pottery selection is pretty nice as well and decently priced .	priced	positive
no beef !	beef	negative
atmosphere is great and they have two different bars .	atmosphere	positive
atmosphere is great and they have two different bars .	bars	positive
the wine selection is average and over-priced .	wine selection	negative
fun for all ages if you 're interested in history , and science .	history	positive
fun for all ages if you 're interested in history , and science .	science	positive
this north scottsdale location is much better than the downtown location .	location	positive
this north scottsdale location is much better than the downtown location .	location	positive
would n't wash my dog there much less anything else .	dog	negative
i highly recommend this place !	place	positive
they have great maple bars !	maple bars	positive
great service , great food .	service	positive
great service , great food .	food	positive
the food is very creative , fresh , and prepared to perfection .	food	positive
ordered the french dip , chicken fingers and potato skins .	french dip	positive
ordered the french dip , chicken fingers and potato skins .	chicken fingers	positive
ordered the french dip , chicken fingers and potato skins .	potato skins	positive
is n't that the whole point of having a drive-thru ?	drive-thru	positive
we both loved our choices .	choices	positive
fabulous dining experience !	dining experience	positive
been here plenty of times and each time the food is awesome .	food	positive
the food is great , the prices even better .	food	positive
the food is great , the prices even better .	prices	positive
so i ordered _num_ honey bbq wings from this place .	honey bbq wings	positive
favorite hookah spot in town !	hookah spot	positive
a truly nice man that really knows his business .	man	positive
great service .	service	positive
the food is just not good enough for such poor service .	food	negative
the food is just not good enough for such poor service .	service	negative
the fries were also mediocre .	fries	negative
all the food was great .	food	positive
delicious horchata .	horchata	positive
service was slow and in attentive .	service	negative
the food , the drinks wow .	food	positive
the food , the drinks wow .	drinks	positive
our waiter , jr had a very fun personality and provided great service !	waiter	positive
our waiter , jr had a very fun personality and provided great service !	service	positive
the extensive wine list offers tremendous variety and does n't disappoint .	wine list	positive
and it was the manager ( shawn ) that we were dealing with .	manager	negative
this place gets an f !	place	positive
always going the extra mile on every aspect of the stay .	stay	positive
i was an awful stay here .	stay	negative
ate , asked for check , and again a lengthy wait .	check	negative
ate , asked for check , and again a lengthy wait .	wait	negative
i know why they have _num_ stars , just because customer service .	customer service	positive
yummy breakfast/brunch place to eat at !	breakfast/brunch place	positive
best chips and salsa around !	chips	positive
the entire meal was mediocre at best !	meal	negative
our waiter was extremely rushed .	waiter	negative
leah was our server , perfectly attentive without hovering .	server	positive
service and wine was impeccable too .	service	positive
service and wine was impeccable too .	wine	positive
clearly a popular place and for good reason .	place	positive
we always see beautiful scenery and plenty of wildlife .	scenery	positive
we always see beautiful scenery and plenty of wildlife .	wildlife	positive
neither did the olive oil - that was a little bit thin , too .	olive oil	negative
jesse , justin , rick were very professional , friendly , and very knowledgeable .	jesse	positive
jesse , justin , rick were very professional , friendly , and very knowledgeable .	rick	positive
uninspired rolls , at times with stale fish , mediocre service , tired decor .	rolls	negative
uninspired rolls , at times with stale fish , mediocre service , tired decor .	fish	negative
uninspired rolls , at times with stale fish , mediocre service , tired decor .	service	negative
uninspired rolls , at times with stale fish , mediocre service , tired decor .	decor	negative
thursday night and this place was dead .	place	negative
i got great deal , including low interest rate .	interest rate	negative
six of us went to dinner on saturday evening to celebrate a birthday .	dinner	positive
she too did n't like the egg rolls .	egg rolls	negative
service is always exceptional .	service	positive
i had also visited another specialist and had an mri done .	mri	positive
this wendy 's location has failed me time after time .	wendy 's location	negative
the owner and manager are absolutely obnoxious .	owner	negative
the owner and manager are absolutely obnoxious .	manager	negative
wow , we both said `` a hidden jewel ! ''	jewel	positive
later , after no other food , stomach problems and out it came .	food	negative
jennifer is amazing .	jennifer	positive
super small place , but i highly recommend it .	place	negative
the worst place .	place	negative
our server was also pretty awesome which added to the experience .	server	positive
great tacos shredded beef ca n't beat them best in town !	tacos shredded beef ca	positive
i surely recommended this awesome place in the heart of the beautiful scottsdale .	place	positive
good price .	price	positive
holy crap this place is packed !	place	negative
the red sangria was also really good during a hot day .	red sangria	positive
keep up the good service !	service	positive
they also have some delicious shakes .	shakes	positive
i would surely reccomend everyone to this spot !	spot	negative
_num_ guys went for ribs all agreed .	guys	positive
_num_ guys went for ribs all agreed .	ribs	positive
it came as a combo with rice , fried wontons and an egg roll .	rice	positive
it came as a combo with rice , fried wontons and an egg roll .	fried wontons	positive
it came as a combo with rice , fried wontons and an egg roll .	egg roll	positive
the place is small but i enjoyed that .	place	negative
the beer is awful .	beer	negative
this business is the epitome of bad business practices .	business	negative
this business is the epitome of bad business practices .	business	negative
for progressive lenses thats a steal !	progressive lenses	positive
it 's worth the search .	search	positive
anthony did a great job now to think of my next one .	anthony	positive
amazing that with computers that separate checks could not be given .	computers	negative
amazing that with computers that separate checks could not be given .	checks	negative
best fine dining in scottsdale area .	fine dining	positive
after an hour , i was told that our room still was n't ready !	room	negative
the coffee is awesome .	coffee	positive
burritos are plain and full of grease .	burritos	negative
burritos are plain and full of grease .	grease	negative
oh and they do not validate the parking .	parking	negative
loved this bar , stopped in for the first time in march .	bar	positive
the atmosphere outside is amazing .	atmosphere	positive
the tech did not seem experienced and pressed way too hard against my belly .	tech	negative
blend of traditional dishes and original , chef created specials .	traditional dishes	positive
blend of traditional dishes and original , chef created specials .	chef	positive
blend of traditional dishes and original , chef created specials .	specials	positive
it was always so much fun and the staff was always so friendly .	staff	positive
reasonable price .	price	positive
the view of camelback mountain from their patio is amazing .	view of camelback mountain	positive
the view of camelback mountain from their patio is amazing .	patio	positive
i went in and gave all my animals symptoms .	animals	negative
the gyro plate is the best in the valley .	gyro plate	positive
do n't bother with the salsa , it comes from a jar .	salsa	negative
do n't bother with the salsa , it comes from a jar .	jar	negative
excellent pizza !	pizza	positive
pizza is great and really fresh .	pizza	positive
and , really nice people there .	people	positive
get the jalapeo burger and share a pitcher with a bud .	jalapeo burger	positive
get the jalapeo burger and share a pitcher with a bud .	pitcher	positive
get the jalapeo burger and share a pitcher with a bud .	bud	positive
the service was great and so was the food .	service	positive
the service was great and so was the food .	food	positive
this place was recommended by a co-worker when first moved to phoenix .	place	positive
if you love spring training baseball , this is the place to go .	baseball	positive
best mimosas & delicious food !	mimosas	positive
best mimosas & delicious food !	food	positive
when we were seated and we ordered , they brought out the bread .	bread	negative
the first round that we ordered was kilt lifter .	kilt lifter	positive
very impressed homemade bread , pizza and salad .	homemade bread	positive
very impressed homemade bread , pizza and salad .	salad	positive
the persian room special was amazing and back to normal !	persian room special	positive
great people great place !	people	positive
great people great place !	place	positive
the office staff is very incompetent !	office staff	negative
the staff is sweet .	staff	positive
their service is great too .	service	positive
on the plus side the manager stopped by to apologize .	manager	negative
still , enjoyed the food .	food	positive
salad and pizza : pretty good !	salad and pizza	positive
the pizza was pretty good .	pizza	positive
the worst part was the bacon .	bacon	negative
they provide such honest , reasonable service .	service	positive
_num_ minutes for a couple of burritos ?	burritos	positive
the problem was the simple marinara sauce .	marinara sauce	negative
this place was not good .	place	negative
great customer service .	customer service	positive
the owners are so amazing and accommodating .	owners	positive
thank you roaring fork , for not letting us down .	fork	positive
they have the best chicken and dumplings and breakfast here is amazing .	chicken and dumplings	positive
they have the best chicken and dumplings and breakfast here is amazing .	breakfast	positive
they had just the right kind and for a decent price .	price	positive
i love this quaint little place !	place	positive
these guys are very honest , and straight forward .	guys	positive
very helpful and friendly store .	store	positive
awesome golf course and grounds .	golf course	positive
awesome golf course and grounds .	grounds	positive
the pizza was fantastic and the lasagna was n't too shabby either !	pizza	positive
the pizza was fantastic and the lasagna was n't too shabby either !	lasagna	negative
we ordered food and were both very happy .	food	positive
he 's a great surgeon and he truly cares about his patients .	surgeon	positive
the clerk for the tow section was rude and did not give clear directions .	clerk	negative
the clerk for the tow section was rude and did not give clear directions .	tow section	negative
they helped us find the perfect ring and diamond .	ring	positive
great food .	food	positive
the soup was the worst i have ever had in my life .	soup	negative
it is the best pizza for the price bar none .	pizza	positive
it is the best pizza for the price bar none .	price bar	positive
_num_ ) security to get in is a little bit of a pain .	security	negative
we also ordered the chocolate cake with sorbet which was a winner .	chocolate cake with sorbet	positive
it was like some sort of sleep torture .	sleep torture	negative
no tip for you .	tip	negative
of course the amazing scenery was awesome .	scenery	positive
obviously i missed this area .	area	negative
i probably would n't have bought the car had i known .	car	negative
the massages i got were amazing !	massages	positive
the gym has n't been functional in months since i 've been here .	gym	negative
kazimierz is one of the best places i 've been while traveling .	kazimierz	positive
that 's a rare find in a business .	business	positive
i will not , however , ever return here for a pedicure again .	pedicure	negative
no dice !	dice	negative
our worst decision of the evening was choosing this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
customer service is absent at this dealership !	customer service	negative
customer service is absent at this dealership !	dealership	negative
huge servings for great prices .	servings	positive
huge servings for great prices .	prices	positive
i enjoy the pedicure a lot .	pedicure	positive
each were delicious , fresh , generously portioned and very affordable .	portioned	positive
my favorite place on earth !	place	positive
we ordered and the service was ok as to what happened afterwards .	service	negative
i had a great chardonnay and a great time .	chardonnay	positive
the restaurant is pretty and it has a nice patio .	patio	positive
you can see any game you want at any location in the place .	game	positive
if your in the area this is the spot to go to .	area	positive
if your in the area this is the spot to go to .	spot	positive
the service is friendly too .	service	positive
great food every single time and excellent staff !	food	positive
great food every single time and excellent staff !	staff	positive
great location surrounding amazing restaurants and shopping .	location	positive
great location surrounding amazing restaurants and shopping .	shopping	positive
the kids had a blast and it was great family time enjoyed by everybody .	kids	positive
the kids had a blast and it was great family time enjoyed by everybody .	family time	positive
a number _num_ .	number	positive
great place .	place	positive
loved the sweet deals my friend and i scored for sushi during happy hour !	sushi	positive
the owners are great , always with a smile and a friendly hello .	owners	positive
their quality of sushi , going straight down .	quality of sushi	positive
went there to watch the rose bowl .	rose bowl	positive
oh ... the food is still incredible .	food	positive
no cheap well drinks at happy hour .	drinks	negative
unfortunately , the 8th st location sucks .	8th st location	negative
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !	sushi	positive
dated decor but it 's all about the flavor - and top shelf delivers .	decor	negative
dated decor but it 's all about the flavor - and top shelf delivers .	flavor	positive
have got to explore more of its menu .	menu	positive
margaritas from pete are the best - dinner in the steakhouse is always extraordinary !	margaritas	positive
margaritas from pete are the best - dinner in the steakhouse is always extraordinary !	dinner	positive
on the side note , i noticed a lot of asian people in there .	asian	negative
green is almost flavorless in comparison .	green	negative
great service .	service	positive
the pizza came promptly and it was very tasty .	pizza	positive
awesome produce at great prices .	produce	positive
awesome produce at great prices .	prices	positive
then all the breading fell off the chicken before we could eat .	breading	negative
then all the breading fell off the chicken before we could eat .	chicken	negative
there is no children 's menu so we ordered my daughter _num_ hot dogs .	children	negative
there is no children 's menu so we ordered my daughter _num_ hot dogs .	daughter	negative
few restaurants will receive _num_ stars from me so this rating is good .	rating	positive
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	food	positive
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	employees	negative
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	service	negative
so much better than a denny 's or other chain .	denny 's	positive
so much better than a denny 's or other chain .	chain	positive
the waitstaff could have been a little friendlier , but i loved it !	waitstaff	positive
very good food .	food	positive
with some solid bar and grill food .	bar	positive
with some solid bar and grill food .	grill food	positive
the service is always impeccable and courteous .	service	positive
excellent service and ambiance .	service	positive
excellent service and ambiance .	ambiance	positive
nasty place .	place	negative
great staff .	staff	positive
i would highly recommend this place !	place	positive
tasty food that 's consistent .	food	positive
the tempura shrimp tasted like frozen microwaved .	tempura shrimp	negative
she walked about about _num_ minutes later and we asked about his soda again .	soda	negative
there really are quite a few very good spots for taking pictures .	spots	positive
there really are quite a few very good spots for taking pictures .	pictures	positive
next time i 'm in town , i 'll be returning to this spot !	spot	positive
and do treat yourself to the homemade cheesecake .	homemade cheesecake	positive
this is my all time favorite place to go whenever i am in scottsdale .	place	positive
price : $ _num_ for this meal ?	price	negative
price : $ _num_ for this meal ?	meal	positive
we had sea bass and the sweet potato ravioli .	sea bass	positive
we had sea bass and the sweet potato ravioli .	sweet potato ravioli	positive
the property is well maintained .	property	positive
it has a great , classic vibe .	vibe	positive
so , my enthusiasm for bandera is pretty solid .	bandera	positive
quality of food and atmosphere are enough to compensate .	quality of food	positive
quality of food and atmosphere are enough to compensate .	atmosphere	positive
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .	escargot	positive
now the room was a disaster .	room	negative
i am a fan of dinner theater and this one did not disappoint .	dinner theater	positive
the ladies are super sweet !	ladies	positive
is probably the best in the valley .	valley	positive
the locals are extremely nice and we had some great conversations .	locals	positive
the sandwiches are always spot on !	sandwiches	positive
horrible service and just not very smart things happening around the restaurant .	service	negative
there was tons of empty tables the entire hour we were there .	tables	negative
the staff was incredibly friendly and the service was quick .	staff	positive
the staff was incredibly friendly and the service was quick .	service	positive
this is a great bar !	bar	positive
honestly i would give this place zero stars .	place	negative
small and cozy with an great beer selection and even better food menu .	beer selection	positive
small and cozy with an great beer selection and even better food menu .	food menu	positive
brooke is the best i 've ever had with waxing .	brooke	positive
brooke is the best i 've ever had with waxing .	waxing	positive
great food , great drinks , great service .	food	positive
great food , great drinks , great service .	drinks	positive
great food , great drinks , great service .	service	positive
food is incredible .	food	positive
this is a nice little spot to go grab a good breakfast .	spot	positive
this is a nice little spot to go grab a good breakfast .	breakfast	positive
talked to the owner but that went no where .	owner	negative
the tour guides were friendly and knowledgeable .	tour guides	positive
overall dinner was very nice .	dinner	positive
sorry , rula bula .	rula bula	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
the service is fast and friendly .	service	positive
this place has went down the drain .	place	positive
this place has went down the drain .	drain	positive
overall a good location and price .	location	positive
overall a good location and price .	price	positive
for the price i got a decent clean room .	price	positive
for the price i got a decent clean room .	clean room	positive
let 's just say they lost _num_ customers .	customers	negative
great for business lunches .	business lunches	positive
love , love , love this pizza !	pizza	positive
tables outside to enjoy great weather .	tables	positive
tables outside to enjoy great weather .	weather	positive
went for desserts and it was all picked over and looked pathetic .	desserts	negative
the ahi burger was perfect , shrimp louis salad had wonderful greens perfectly dressed .	ahi burger	positive
the ahi burger was perfect , shrimp louis salad had wonderful greens perfectly dressed .	shrimp louis salad	positive
the ahi burger was perfect , shrimp louis salad had wonderful greens perfectly dressed .	greens	positive
this is tasty pizza .	pizza	positive
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	staff	positive
place was very clean .	place	positive
i enjoyed the simple bean and cheese burrito but it 's all good .	bean and cheese burrito	positive
food was good , not outstanding , but definitely worth going to again .	food	positive
horrible horrible service .	service	negative
this has got to be the worst pharmacy of all the walgreens stores !	pharmacy	negative
this has got to be the worst pharmacy of all the walgreens stores !	walgreens	negative
really good table side salsa too .	table side salsa	positive
if you 're a vegetarian , you 'd do better to eat at lalibela .	lalibela	positive
good clean store with quality professional employees .	store	positive
good clean store with quality professional employees .	employees	positive
the very chicken this chain was built upon .	chain	positive
the service was excellent and my hostess was very helpful with selecting my meal .	service	positive
the service was excellent and my hostess was very helpful with selecting my meal .	hostess	positive
the service was excellent and my hostess was very helpful with selecting my meal .	meal	positive
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	dipping sauce	negative
i had the veggie hash this time and was extremely impressed .	veggie hash	positive
scarlett is wonderful and gives a great hair cut every time .	hair cut	positive
plus , the delivery men were surprisingly rude .	delivery men	negative
i 'd give this place _num_ or negative stars , if i could .	place _num_	positive
staff and mike the owner are always great and accommodating !	staff	positive
staff and mike the owner are always great and accommodating !	owner	positive
great spot !	spot	positive
i said forget the biscuits , so she gave me cole slaw instead .	biscuits	negative
i said forget the biscuits , so she gave me cole slaw instead .	cole slaw	negative
great customer service .	customer service	positive
bad food , terrible service and an overall disappointment .	food	negative
bad food , terrible service and an overall disappointment .	service	negative
i would say about _num_ % of the filet was a chunk of fat .	filet	negative
i ordered the deep fried mushrooms and fish tacos .	deep fried mushrooms and fish tacos	positive
this place is pretty good on the weekend nights .	place	positive
i ordered _num_ wings on the bone .	wings	positive
great classic american breakfast place .	classic american breakfast place	positive
my group and i were completely blown away by his response .	group	positive
left a message with name and number and never received a call back .	number	negative
one of the best breakfast/brunch places in old town scottsdale .	breakfast/brunch	positive
rooms are clean and neat , and the view from the lobby is wonderful !	rooms	positive
rooms are clean and neat , and the view from the lobby is wonderful !	view	positive
authentic italian food .	italian food	positive
great service , very attentive to us .	service	positive
love the service and personal attention of the waiters .	service	positive
love the service and personal attention of the waiters .	waiters	positive
and is slow service ever an acceptable policy !	service	negative
my nail tech nancy is great .	nail tech nancy	positive
ordered egg whites , sausage , home fries , buttermilk pancakes and grits .	egg whites	positive
ordered egg whites , sausage , home fries , buttermilk pancakes and grits .	home fries	positive
ordered egg whites , sausage , home fries , buttermilk pancakes and grits .	buttermilk pancakes	positive
ordered egg whites , sausage , home fries , buttermilk pancakes and grits .	grits	positive
i will never return to this jiffy lube .	jiffy lube	negative
my wife ordered one with machaca that she loved as well .	machaca	positive
go elsewhere for better service .	service	negative
if you 're a `` healthy '' eater , count on _num_ .	eater	positive
fresh salads and wonderful desserts .	desserts	positive
she raved about the potatos as well .	potatos	negative
the food itself was overpriced and just okay .	food	positive
i called the other local dealer _num_ miles away who were far more helpful .	dealer	positive
wow this place is great .	place	positive
the employees are always welcoming with a big smile .	employees	positive
the _num_ of us ordered breakfast and talked throughout our meal .	breakfast	positive
worst costumer service ever .	costumer service	negative
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	tires	positive
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	alignment	positive
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	brakes	positive
the whole job was only an hour just as the quote said .	job	negative
had a hop not and did n't even finish it .	hop	negative
papago brewery is amazing !	papago brewery	positive
great vibe , good service , good food .	vibe	positive
great vibe , good service , good food .	service	positive
great vibe , good service , good food .	food	positive
the best meal i 've had in a long time .	meal	positive
very good smoothies .	smoothies	positive
the staff was fine but unremarkable , no real complaint there .	staff	positive
love this place !	place	positive
love this place .	place	positive
that will be the last time i waste my time with that place .	place	negative
yes , this is a good , even very good place .	place	positive
i had a wonderful experience at suzanne 's bridal .	bridal	positive
no pressure , wonderful quality furniture lines .	furniture lines	positive
now , i feel like i 'm going to a funeral that has food .	food	negative
shelly was wonderful to work with .	shelly	positive
very fast service , friendly staff , and always a pleasant experience .	service	positive
very fast service , friendly staff , and always a pleasant experience .	staff	positive
it appears they are required to wear extremely short & tight fitting clothes .	clothes	negative
we highly recommend them for piano moving !	piano	positive
the dirty glasses and silverware did not help either .	dirty glasses	negative
the dirty glasses and silverware did not help either .	silverware	negative
mark kia , your dealership is awful and i will never shop here again .	dealership	negative
always get a great breakfast here !	breakfast	positive
good sandwiches , good prices and decent pizza .	sandwiches	positive
good sandwiches , good prices and decent pizza .	prices	positive
good sandwiches , good prices and decent pizza .	pizza	positive
the food is made fresh and fast , and it is served piping hot .	food	positive
the food is made fresh and fast , and it is served piping hot .	served	positive
shame on the owner of this one .	owner	negative
great burgers in a casual , yet intimate setting restaurant .	burgers	positive
these guys are incredible .	guys	positive
they compliment a lot of the wines perfectly .	wines	positive
excellent customer service .	customer service	positive
i am so happy to be apart of this church !	church	positive
the sound of children playing does n't bother me so much though .	children	negative
no soda .	soda	negative
atmosphere is really nice .	atmosphere	positive
plus , price was a little less .	price	negative
_num_ ) the staff at banfield gets a commission every time they upsell .	staff	negative
what 's great about this place is the dancing .	place	positive
what 's great about this place is the dancing .	dancing	positive
i completely understand if a business gets busy and begins to fall behind .	business	negative
honest and accurate service .	service	positive
the salsa is so flavorful .	salsa	positive
super casual , laid back atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
atmosphere was cool , clean , tranquil and most enjoyable .	atmosphere	positive
if they toast your bun , consider yourself lucky .	bun	positive
this place is horrible !	place	negative
beer selection = decent .	beer selection	positive
the wait staff is top notch !	wait staff	positive
highly recommend you sit outside and dine with the locals .	locals	positive
please look elsewhere before even considering renting here .	renting	negative
and trust , i was in need of a beer or _num_ .	beer	positive
this place has really lost its luster .	place	negative
nice guy at the drive through .	guy	positive
the special sauce was very good , excellent roll , nice quality meats .	special sauce	positive
the special sauce was very good , excellent roll , nice quality meats .	roll	positive
the special sauce was very good , excellent roll , nice quality meats .	meats	positive
it smells like rotten food and looks old and dirty .	food	negative
they use lots of cheese ( which i love ) and fresh ingredients .	cheese	positive
they use lots of cheese ( which i love ) and fresh ingredients .	ingredients	positive
this is a wine bar , no excuses .	wine bar	positive
if you like italian food i recommend you trying this place .	italian food	positive
if you like italian food i recommend you trying this place .	place	positive
peace and good .	peace	positive
the fish , was n't horrible , but definitely nothing to write home about .	fish	negative
chips and salsa were excellent too .	chips	positive
chips and salsa were excellent too .	salsa	positive
my whole family has always taken all of their cars here .	cars	positive
just really bad pizza .	pizza	negative
the service by the young lady was exceptional .	service	positive
the second best part was the pomegranate margarita .	pomegranate margarita	positive
great stay .	stay	positive
the worst coffee in the city of tempe .	coffee	negative
as for the food , it is expensive for what you get .	food	negative
they put package shredded cheese on and not melted .	package shredded cheese	negative
amazing barber shop & salon .	barber shop	positive
the only thing they have that i adore is their iced green tea .	iced green tea	positive
did n't walk over and help me find the style i was looking for .	style	negative
that `` bouncer '' is the real racist .	bouncer	negative
i really love grimaldi 's !	grimaldi 's	positive
the barley tea is also really good .	barley tea	positive
but hey , it 's tempe .	tempe	positive
i would recommend this little salon , quality work and friendly staff .	work	positive
i would recommend this little salon , quality work and friendly staff .	staff	positive
highly recommend this place .	place	positive
employees are lazy here .	employees	negative
sorry red roof , just was n't a pleasant stay .	roof	negative
sorry red roof , just was n't a pleasant stay .	stay	negative
i was very disappointed with their lack of customer service and poor food .	customer service	negative
i was very disappointed with their lack of customer service and poor food .	food	negative
i love new china gate !	china gate	positive
horrible customer service .	customer service	negative
the food is absolutely the best !	food	positive
the bar is well stocked .	bar	positive
thanks again for the amazing customer service .	customer service	positive
the bbq salmon was good .	bbq salmon	positive
the sauce they use is the best of any in town i 've had .	sauce	positive
every time i have found the food to be mediocre .	food	negative
really liked what we saw and liked the very relaxed atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great theatre !	theatre	positive
we all had different pizzas and we were all very pleased .	pizzas	positive
ambiance is amazing !	ambiance	positive
love this place !	place	positive
best service i have ever received at a sonic .	service	positive
the menu is local , fresh , and fairly expansive .	menu	positive
they have a great wine selection , and delicious coffee and espresso .	wine selection	positive
they have a great wine selection , and delicious coffee and espresso .	coffee	positive
they have a great wine selection , and delicious coffee and espresso .	espresso	positive
food was just ok , nothing special .	food	negative
do n't waste your time or money you will be very disappointed .	money	negative
casual breakfasts ... .	casual breakfasts	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
i am so happy with the results .	results	positive
prices are decent , as well .	prices	positive
good spot .	spot	positive
parking was $ _num_ .	parking	negative
mo was great and very helpful .	mo	positive
this place is great for special day .	day	positive
unfortunately our service was not .	service	negative
i basically hate every single thing about this place .	place	negative
loved the menu and the drinks .	menu	positive
loved the menu and the drinks .	drinks	positive
the best mexican food around !	mexican food	positive
great food , reasonable prices , & really good service .	food	positive
great food , reasonable prices , & really good service .	prices	positive
great food , reasonable prices , & really good service .	service	positive
the deep dish crust was crisp , and buttery .	deep dish crust	positive
rumors is a great salon and i only go to kendra !	salon	positive
thought the guy was going to have a heart attack .	guy	negative
well sorry mom , not going to happen this time .	mom	negative
very impressive authentic northern chinese food !	northern chinese food	positive
we felt like tourists in a strange place getting ripped off at every chance .	place	negative
the wait staff was attentive .	wait staff	positive
there was only one other group there and they were obviously wasted .	group	negative
while the lunch menu prices are great , the sashimi quality remains off .	lunch menu prices	positive
while the lunch menu prices are great , the sashimi quality remains off .	sashimi quality	negative
i also recommend eating in .	eating	positive
it is a hidden gem and our go-to sushi spot .	sushi spot	positive
the lounge is very nice and has ample seating .	lounge	positive
the lounge is very nice and has ample seating .	seating	positive
the service is always very good .	service	positive
happy to see this location under new ownership .	location	positive
i liked the selection of wines .	selection of wines	positive
i had a mojito - excellent !	mojito	positive
it was an ok place .	place	negative
only like _num_ tables inside .	tables	negative
the place looks a little sketchy , but the guys are very friendly .	place	negative
the place looks a little sketchy , but the guys are very friendly .	guys	positive
mediocre desserts and building was old and kind of creepy .	desserts	negative
mediocre desserts and building was old and kind of creepy .	building	negative
stay away from this place unless you are friends with the karaoke mc .	karaoke mc	negative
soo i need to use a shopping cart for my three items .	shopping cart	negative
the manager took _num_ minutes to figure out how to turn the sound down .	manager	negative
the manager took _num_ minutes to figure out how to turn the sound down .	sound	negative
waiter getting our order wrong _num_ times in one visit .	waiter	negative
i love this hospital and their staff !	hospital	positive
i love this hospital and their staff !	staff	positive
the bakery is great as well ... pecans pies are great !	bakery	positive
the bakery is great as well ... pecans pies are great !	pecans pies	positive
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	place	negative
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .	employees	negative
the pastor is sincere , inspiring , and humble .	pastor	positive
we liked the food a lot - the lobster enchiladas were phenomenal .	food	positive
we liked the food a lot - the lobster enchiladas were phenomenal .	lobster enchiladas	positive
jeff is the worst .	jeff	negative
this place is charming .	place	positive
no samples were offered on our way out either .	samples	negative
i ca n't even say that starbucks has the best coffee and lattes around .	coffee	positive
i ca n't even say that starbucks has the best coffee and lattes around .	lattes	positive
thanks brooke and team for good service .	service	positive
definitely a place to go for people who appreciate good food and service .	food	positive
definitely a place to go for people who appreciate good food and service .	service	positive
this location needs some training on customer service and food preparation .	customer service	positive
this location needs some training on customer service and food preparation .	food	positive
loved the ice cream !	ice cream	positive
the pork is sweet and with some hot salsa is the best flavor combo .	pork	positive
the pork is sweet and with some hot salsa is the best flavor combo .	hot salsa	positive
the pork is sweet and with some hot salsa is the best flavor combo .	flavor combo	positive
this spa has the best amenities of any place i have ever been to .	spa	positive
this spa has the best amenities of any place i have ever been to .	amenities	positive
the premier craft beer destination in the valley of the sun .	craft beer destination	positive
i lost out on a potential purchase in this next week .	purchase	negative
it 's a pie baked into the middle of a cake .	pie	negative
it 's a pie baked into the middle of a cake .	cake	negative
no tires .	tires	negative
not at this location .	location	negative
great sashimi , yellow tail , spicy tuna , pork dumplings , etc .	sashimi	positive
great sashimi , yellow tail , spicy tuna , pork dumplings , etc .	yellow tail	positive
great sashimi , yellow tail , spicy tuna , pork dumplings , etc .	spicy tuna	positive
great sashimi , yellow tail , spicy tuna , pork dumplings , etc .	pork dumplings	positive
the rib eye steak has some delicious wine gravy with mushrooms .	rib eye steak	positive
the rib eye steak has some delicious wine gravy with mushrooms .	wine gravy with mushrooms	positive
asked for honey mustard & bbq , received ranch .	honey mustard & bbq	positive
asked for honey mustard & bbq , received ranch .	ranch	positive
none the less , the girls feel like they were n't wanted .	girls	negative
this location has the best staff .	location	positive
this location has the best staff .	staff	positive
what an adorable place .	place	positive
they recently updated their patio and we loved sitting outside .	patio	positive
the fried rice and panang were delicious as well .	fried rice	positive
the fried rice and panang were delicious as well .	panang	positive
i enjoyed this gyro restaurant and will visit again !	gyro restaurant	positive
i recommend the burger and the prickly pear margarita !	burger	positive
i recommend the burger and the prickly pear margarita !	prickly pear margarita	positive
honestly the best pizza and wings in the valley !	pizza	positive
honestly the best pizza and wings in the valley !	wings	positive
i was really disappointed since the atmosphere is so neat .	atmosphere	positive
fare is decent , specials keep it interesting .	fare	positive
orange table is my new obsession !	orange table	positive
i would not return to this venue .	venue	negative
the food was good .	food	positive
food is very good .	food	positive
this is a cute lil italian market on n scottsdale rd .	italian market	positive
the sweet potato fries were excellent .	sweet potato fries	positive
my first mistake of the evening was choosing this place for dinner .	dinner	negative
the waitress was n't mean or rude , just kinda surly .	waitress	negative
the receptionist is also super nice and professional .	receptionist	positive
what an amazing escape into a world of passionate and attentive luxury and service .	service	positive
clean , quick , friendly service .	service	positive
chips and salsa by far the best !	chips	positive
chips and salsa by far the best !	salsa	positive
well worth the money .	money	positive
food comes out but waitress tells me the fries are still cooking .	food	negative
food comes out but waitress tells me the fries are still cooking .	waitress	negative
food comes out but waitress tells me the fries are still cooking .	fries	negative
very fresh & tasty sushi at a good price .	sushi	positive
very fresh & tasty sushi at a good price .	price	positive
not the best pizza i 've ever had but very good indeed .	pizza	negative
a simple chicken and rice soup that is pure comfort food .	chicken and rice soup	positive
we had been numerous times before and always enjoyed our food .	food	positive
next year , i am not wasting my time on the picnic .	picnic	positive
the eggplant hummus was really delicious and the lamb was tender and flavorful .	eggplant hummus	positive
the eggplant hummus was really delicious and the lamb was tender and flavorful .	lamb	positive
even with the groupon it was way too much $ for what we got .	groupon	negative
the mozzarella sub is absolutely amazing .	mozzarella sub	positive
service is horrible .	service	negative
very fun and professional employees .	employees	positive
servings are well sized , and typically come with rice and beans .	servings	positive
servings are well sized , and typically come with rice and beans .	rice and beans	positive
nice variety of items on the menu .	menu	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
fresh bagels all the time .	bagels	positive
i love how the inside is decorated .	inside	positive
we are regulars for the excellent happy hour featuring great mussels and sliders .	happy	positive
we are regulars for the excellent happy hour featuring great mussels and sliders .	mussels	positive
we are regulars for the excellent happy hour featuring great mussels and sliders .	sliders	positive
the wine selection is incredible .	wine selection	positive
but this is by far the worst shopping experience i 've ever had .	shopping experience	negative
the cup was running with soda , not good .	cup	negative
the cup was running with soda , not good .	soda	negative
good food and good fun !	food	positive
i did n't want to know about her personal life or excuses .	personal life	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
awesome service and great customer care !	service	positive
awesome service and great customer care !	customer care	positive
wor won ton was spot on .	ton	positive
amazing service .	service	positive
the shrimp and crab cannoli was very delicious .	shrimp and crab cannoli	positive
great dive bar tucked in scottsdale .	dive bar	positive
i 'll be trying new chinese restaurants from now on .	chinese restaurants	positive
awesome breakfast !	breakfast	positive
food is excellent too .	food	positive
the food me and my party tried was outstanding !	food	positive
the food me and my party tried was outstanding !	party	positive
and the third was the cattle that were shipped was bad .	cattle	negative
-- rib eye not trimmed , huge chunks of fat .	rib eye	negative
-- rib eye not trimmed , huge chunks of fat .	fat	negative
i really enjoyed eating breakfast here and would recommend it without hesitation .	breakfast	positive
it was beautiful and the service was very nice .	service	positive
love this place !	place	positive
great for families or a meal with a group .	meal	positive
bww has by far the best boneless wings ever .	wings	positive
the store is clean and bright .	store	positive
the drinks are good , the baristas are friendly and do a nice job .	drinks	positive
the drinks are good , the baristas are friendly and do a nice job .	baristas	positive
each of the main dishes were wonderful .	main dishes	positive
great location , super nice office staff , extremely convenient .	location	positive
great location , super nice office staff , extremely convenient .	office staff	positive
family pride shines through .	family	positive
some of the most tender , roasted pork i have ever had !	roasted pork	positive
friendly service .	service	positive
salsa was super tasty !	salsa	positive
great happy hour !	happy hour	positive
barro 's is always awesome .	barro	positive
this place is a great place for traditional american breakfast !	traditional american breakfast	positive
and the chick at the counter was completely rude and condescending .	chick	negative
owner is a great help !	owner	positive
it was very comfortable , great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
the food , first and foremost is fantastic and so unique .	food	positive
i took a bite of the faux beef , and it was ok .	faux beef	negative
the portion of fish on the salad was the smallest i 've ever seen .	portion of fish on the salad	negative
orange chicken that tasted like they used a ketchup glaze .	orange chicken	negative
orange chicken that tasted like they used a ketchup glaze .	ketchup glaze	negative
when we pointed this out they took $ _num_ off our bill .	bill	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
this place does it right .	place	positive
service is hit and miss , depending on time of day .	service	negative
how embarrassing for that establishment to beg for tips .	establishment	negative
i wo n't be tipping on this service any longer .	service	negative
very enjoyable and relaxing time we had .	time	positive
love the beer .	beer	positive
horrible front desk .	front desk	negative
he had a few tables and he still managed to give amazing service !	tables	positive
he had a few tables and he still managed to give amazing service !	service	positive
very nice patio for winter time dining with tvs for watching games .	patio	positive
they have a great late night staff , atmosphere , and menu !	staff	positive
they have a great late night staff , atmosphere , and menu !	atmosphere	positive
they have a great late night staff , atmosphere , and menu !	menu	positive
the music was perfect .	music	positive
french dip ... best i 've ever had .	french dip	positive
worst stadium experience i 've had anywhere .	stadium experience	negative
to sum things up , service was poor and disappointing !	service	negative
good service and friendly staff .	service	positive
good service and friendly staff .	staff	positive
a good and more casual environment for pizza in the scottsdale area .	environment	positive
a good and more casual environment for pizza in the scottsdale area .	pizza	positive
this place is an absolute joke !	place	negative
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .	engagement	positive
dentist and staff have been very professional , informative , and friendly .	dentist	positive
dentist and staff have been very professional , informative , and friendly .	staff	positive
decent food but horrible owner .	food	positive
decent food but horrible owner .	owner	negative
great office hours and easy to make appointments .	office hours	positive
loved the book selections , crystals , music therapy .	crystals	positive
loved the book selections , crystals , music therapy .	music therapy	positive
no melt in your mouth quality .	melt	negative
no melt in your mouth quality .	quality	negative
and the cleaning is way over priced .	cleaning	negative
and the cleaning is way over priced .	priced	negative
best medical care i have had .	medical care	positive
worst dq i 've ever been to .	dq	negative
skip this place and old town all together .	place	negative
excellent service and picks from the menu .	service	positive
excellent service and picks from the menu .	menu	positive
the food was phenomenal !	food	positive
not one persons name was ever called .	name	negative
the food is amazing !	food	positive
i could n't find the stuffing in my stuffed filet mignon .	stuffed filet mignon	negative
i love my sister 's closet !	closet	positive
charlie is a sweetheart .	charlie	positive
i would recommend this establishment to anyone looking for an evening to remember .	establishment	positive
the quality of the food was excellent .	quality of the food	positive
i had the _num_ shrimp tacos they were pretty good to be honest .	_num_ shrimp tacos	positive
but they come with _num_ & great for the table .	table	positive
many props to the owner and staff - we love your work !	owner	positive
many props to the owner and staff - we love your work !	staff	positive
the first _num_ times i thought ok but this is the third time .	_num_	negative
this place is amazing !	place	positive
skip this place .	place	negative
great lunch specials for like _num_ bucks and it includes a drink .	lunch specials	positive
great lunch specials for like _num_ bucks and it includes a drink .	drink	positive
make sure you give this place a try !	place	positive
see my list for mexican food recommendations .	mexican food	positive
the wings ... so sad .	wings	negative
the staff was very pleasant and efficient .	staff	positive
the flounder and sauted kale special was excellent recently .	flounder	positive
the flounder and sauted kale special was excellent recently .	kale special	positive
food was made correctly and fresh .	food	positive
this is a awesome coffee shop in downtown mesa !	coffee shop	positive
the customer service is soooo soooo poor !	customer service	negative
so , you know , props .	props	positive
therefore , i 'm no expert on it 's taste , etc .	taste	negative
it is sad because this place used to be great .	place	positive
the halibut with garlic cream sauce is good .	halibut with garlic cream sauce	positive
ordered delivery today .	delivery	positive
i would highly recommend this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
very pleased with the service .	service	positive
this place has been a staple in my life for a while !	place	positive
cool place .	place	positive
we went for breakfast today and were very disappointed .	breakfast	negative
really good mexican food and a unique atmosphere downtown .	mexican food	positive
really good mexican food and a unique atmosphere downtown .	atmosphere	positive
the only good thing was the bread and butter ... .	bread and butter	positive
run away from this store as fast as you can .	store	negative
also , the ladies who work the front are super friendly !	ladies	positive
some of the best pizza around , at some of the best prices around !	pizza	positive
some of the best pizza around , at some of the best prices around !	prices	positive
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !	dentist office	positive
needless to say with these ridiculous layers , i look awful .	layers	negative
friendly service every time you go in , and good delivery service !	service	positive
friendly service every time you go in , and good delivery service !	delivery service	positive
there are lots of fun performances to entertain you here .	performances	positive
tasty breakfast .	breakfast	positive
i love the new expanded space and the large counter service .	space	positive
i love the new expanded space and the large counter service .	counter service	positive
wonderful staff .	staff	positive
they brought in sand to make you feel like you are really in mexico .	sand	negative
probably going to report them to a consumer protection agency .	consumer	negative
love the steak salad .	steak salad	positive
best customer service i 've had in a long time !	customer service	positive
the food was ok to bad , and the staff was very rude .	food	negative
the food was ok to bad , and the staff was very rude .	staff	negative
their prices are very fair as well .	prices	positive
there 's nothing better than swimming and looking up at camelback .	camelback	positive
this is another one of my favorite places .	places	positive
we all where stuffed and extremely happy with breakfast .	breakfast	positive
i love their viet .	viet	positive
simply amazing mole sauce .	mole sauce	positive
cooking with love !	cooking	positive
the vintage decor is really fun and interesting to view while you wait also .	vintage decor	positive
average food , average service , rude employees , high prices .	food	negative
average food , average service , rude employees , high prices .	service	negative
average food , average service , rude employees , high prices .	employees	negative
average food , average service , rude employees , high prices .	prices	negative
dine here and request scott !	scott	positive
and the sonoran potatoes ... omg , delish .	sonoran potatoes	positive
it not only carries high end women fashion but the customer service is excellent .	customer service	positive
it looked like egg drop soup that i could have made in my sleep .	egg drop soup	negative
we started off dinner with the stuffed mushrooms ( they were excellent ! )	stuffed mushrooms	positive
we started with the bruschetta because we had it before and it was delicious .	bruschetta	positive
this is not mexican food !	mexican food	negative
definitely worth the money .	money	positive
do not waste your time or money .	money	positive
great breakfast selection , loved my strawberry waffles .	breakfast selection	positive
great breakfast selection , loved my strawberry waffles .	strawberry waffles	positive
a nice quiet place to hang out and talk .	place	positive
outside , it was cramped and stinky of smoke .	smoke	negative
we got such amazing service and love our trees and our backyard !	service	positive
we got such amazing service and love our trees and our backyard !	trees	positive
we got such amazing service and love our trees and our backyard !	backyard	positive
enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere but the wine is not much to rave about .	atmosphere	positive
enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere but the wine is not much to rave about .	wine	negative
the carrots and celery package was pathetic .	carrots and celery package	negative
this is such a nice breakfast spot in the east valley area .	breakfast spot	positive
dishonest business practices .	business practices	negative
what an adorable spot !	spot	positive
i want to take some of this home with me !	home	positive
the drinks were incredibly weak .	drinks	negative
it also tasted like cardboard , the finest cardboard in tempe .	cardboard in tempe	positive
the atmosphere is a sports fan 's heaven !	atmosphere	positive
worst customer service ever .	customer service	negative
this place is classic .	place	positive
wife loved the coconut shrimp .	coconut shrimp	positive
needless to say , expectations were far from met .	expectations	negative
chips and salsa bar is great .	chips	positive
chips and salsa bar is great .	salsa bar	positive
this is the perfect dinner date place .	dinner date place	positive
the food is delicious !	food	positive
best short ribs in town !	short ribs	positive
great establishment .	establishment	positive
a good place to eat when every other place fail to prompt you .	place	positive
overall , _num_ bucks for _num_ entrees , _num_ margaritas and _num_ beers .	bucks	positive
overall , _num_ bucks for _num_ entrees , _num_ margaritas and _num_ beers .	beers	positive
sure enough , my a/c compressor is bad .	a/c compressor	negative
nice people .	people	positive
the difference that sets this place apart from the others are the people .	people	positive
super fast service and very friendly staff .	service	positive
super fast service and very friendly staff .	staff	positive
very helpful staff .	staff	positive
and i swear to god , they were spaghetti noodles .	spaghetti noodles	positive
i think the quality has improved .	quality	positive
do n't get me started on how oily the las vegas roll was .	las	negative
do n't get me started on how oily the las vegas roll was .	roll	negative
freshly made kimchi yummy .	kimchi	positive
never had wild boar and wild mushrooms ... .	wild boar	positive
never had wild boar and wild mushrooms ... .	wild mushrooms	positive
the combination of the people , environment , and food all compliment each other .	people	positive
the combination of the people , environment , and food all compliment each other .	environment	positive
the combination of the people , environment , and food all compliment each other .	food	positive
they are worth giving your business to .	business	positive
the waiter never even gave us a pen to sign our bill !	waiter	negative
the waiter never even gave us a pen to sign our bill !	bill	negative
good service at the table and extremely responsive .	service	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
they service both my car and my wife 's .	car	positive
occasionally , some of the food is going to go bad ; it happens .	food	negative
this is the worst venue i have ever been to !	venue	negative
interactions throughout entire facility .	facility	positive
sunset and view lived up to my expectations .	view	positive
it 's perfectly cooked and the juices just soak into the bun .	juices	positive
it 's perfectly cooked and the juices just soak into the bun .	bun	positive
the crowd was fairly diverse and good looking too .	crowd	positive
great place !	place	positive
they have the best take out for mexican food .	take out	positive
they have the best take out for mexican food .	mexican food	positive
so we spent _num_ dollars on a ruined dinner .	dinner	negative
they were unable to do that and clerk was rude .	clerk	negative
great old fashioned ice cream parlor !	ice cream parlor	positive
but very good food portions sauce and tax is included .	food portions sauce	positive
service is great .	service	positive
this is very disappointing and bad for business .	business	negative
at this point , it 's _num_ pm and they close on _num_ pm .	_num_	negative
fresh layout and lighter paint job .	layout	positive
fresh layout and lighter paint job .	paint job	positive
talk about great date spot !	date spot	positive
i grew up on authentic and traditional mexican food , macayo 's is neither .	traditional mexican food	negative
the atmosphere is boring and generic .	atmosphere	negative
this restaurant offers something for everyone .	restaurant	positive
said she would get our menus but did n't .	menus	negative
best baristas in the city .	baristas	positive
friendly staff , good selection and prices .	staff	positive
friendly staff , good selection and prices .	selection	positive
friendly staff , good selection and prices .	prices	positive
the atmosphere is amazing .	atmosphere	positive
also , its very beautiful inside the restaurant .	inside	positive
the food was bland and needed salt .	food	negative
the food was bland and needed salt .	salt	negative
they have good package deals if you want more .	package deals	positive
this is a great location as far as papa john 's go .	location	positive
food was so good we stayed for dinner , dessert and coffee .	food	positive
food was so good we stayed for dinner , dessert and coffee .	dinner	positive
food was so good we stayed for dinner , dessert and coffee .	dessert	positive
food was so good we stayed for dinner , dessert and coffee .	coffee	positive
football sunday is great here .	football sunday	positive
great deal for the money .	money	positive
super yummy food and really friendly service .	food	positive
super yummy food and really friendly service .	service	positive
this pharmacy seems to be quite inefficient .	pharmacy	negative
the flavors together were just not that good .	flavors	negative
really good service and food .	service	positive
really good service and food .	food	positive
service was fast and friendly .	service	positive
what room do i get , of course the highway side .	highway	positive
was not impressed with this location .	location	negative
they even gave me a couple batteries , which was very nice .	batteries	positive
potato salad was watery .	potato salad	negative
service is exceptional .	service	positive
the hot sauce they give is pretty spicy but addicting !	hot sauce	positive
it has grown since then and the food is always top notch .	food	positive
but when it comes to full priced dinners ... go elsewhere .	priced dinners	positive
the waitresses have all been very friendly and efficient !	waitresses	positive
staff is very friendly .	staff	positive
simple menu for lunch , but everything is good !	menu	positive
simple menu for lunch , but everything is good !	lunch	positive
walked in and stood at the counter to order .	counter	negative
awesome resort that has been in paradise valley since _num_ .	resort	positive
best customer service ever !	customer service	positive
my friend got the monkey cakes , which were undercooked .	monkey cakes	negative
i love this place !	place	positive
the service was great and the food was delicous .	service	positive
the service was great and the food was delicous .	food	positive
worst customer service .	customer service	negative
they also give you complimentary bread rolls and they are heavenly .	bread rolls	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
very quaint place , but that helps make the experience that much more intimate .	place	positive
enjoy this little gem as much as you can .	gem	positive
when i arrived , susan said the shots were required .	shots	negative
the staff welcomed me so nicely !	staff	positive
the store is ridiculous .	store	negative
not to mention we had to wait _num_ mins for three rolls of sushi .	rolls of sushi	negative
do not stay at this hotel .	hotel	negative
owner is real friendly .	owner	positive
we were very happy and love the car !	car	positive
it 's a very special place for my family .	place	positive
he asked what i wanted to drink and i walked away .	drink	negative
amazing honest professional service .	service	positive
the shrimp was chewy , hard and terrible .	shrimp	negative
highly recommend this spa .	spa	positive
this is by far the worst community college within the maricopa college district .	maricopa	negative
the pizza and cannoli are also fantastic .	pizza	positive
the pizza and cannoli are also fantastic .	cannoli	positive
they have real fruit margaritas here and are just delicious !	fruit margaritas	positive
i totally recommend it and there teppanyaki bar 's great too .	teppanyaki bar	positive
for fast food i like kfc in general ( grilled chicken ) .	fast food	positive
for fast food i like kfc in general ( grilled chicken ) .	kfc	positive
for fast food i like kfc in general ( grilled chicken ) .	grilled chicken	positive
$ _num_ corona on a sunday night ?	corona	positive
the phoenician is a dated property and in need of a facelift .	phoenician	negative
these guys are bad .	guys	negative
finally a sushi place just a couple of miles from home !	sushi place	positive
such a cute touch .	touch	positive
i had dinner at the bar last night and it was fantastic .	dinner	positive
i had dinner at the bar last night and it was fantastic .	bar	positive
authentic flavors , great wine , friendly staff .	flavors	positive
authentic flavors , great wine , friendly staff .	wine	positive
authentic flavors , great wine , friendly staff .	staff	positive
nice patio ( i think they even made a smoking section ) .	patio	positive
nice patio ( i think they even made a smoking section ) .	smoking section	positive
the food is always delicious !	food	positive
and a fantastic dessert spread .	dessert spread	positive
especially given the reviews here , i am probably lucky to be turned away .	reviews	positive
these people were fantastic and did a great job for a very affordable price .	price	positive
i was extremely disappointed in the food .	food	negative
therefore the quality to price ratio was very low .	quality	negative
therefore the quality to price ratio was very low .	price ratio	negative
good service , nice selection and everything was fresh .	service	positive
good service , nice selection and everything was fresh .	selection	positive
poor service , quality and price .	service	negative
poor service , quality and price .	quality	negative
poor service , quality and price .	price	negative
do not waste your money .	money	positive
large quantities , but too salty and the tamale was almost nothing but breading .	quantities	negative
large quantities , but too salty and the tamale was almost nothing but breading .	tamale	negative
large quantities , but too salty and the tamale was almost nothing but breading .	breading	negative
the burger is flame broiled juicy and seasoned just right .	burger	positive
my experience at the `` new '' tempe improv was definitely less than desirable .	tempe improv	negative
lastly , the salad bar is nothing to write home about .	salad bar	negative
go to zizzo you will be very pleased with your appearance .	appearance	positive
never have i been treated like that or basically kicked out of a bar .	bar	negative
the food was good .	food	positive
one barista was friendly though or else i would 've just walked on out .	barista	positive
the food was wonderful !	food	positive
the food is really good , but i have had better dishes elsewhere .	food	positive
the food is really good , but i have had better dishes elsewhere .	dishes	negative
the chicken fried steak was average .	chicken fried steak	positive
i love this place , i always have .	place	positive
the service was attentive and we got our drinks quickly .	service	positive
the service was attentive and we got our drinks quickly .	drinks	positive
she really gets my style and i trust her .	style	positive
and ra sushi is at the bottom of that list .	ra sushi	positive
pool looks nothing like their site .	pool	negative
pool looks nothing like their site .	site	negative
what a great combo !	combo	positive
verdict : mediocre .	verdict	negative
excellent home cooking german food .	home cooking german food	positive
the pasta is disgusting .	pasta	negative
great prices on beer if you buy what 's on sale .	prices on beer	positive
the staff is very friendly and professional .	staff	positive
classic italian with a fine dining touch !	italian	positive
classic italian with a fine dining touch !	dining touch	positive
bottom line : it 's a nice go-to spot for convenience and value .	value	positive
the service is really that bad .	service	negative
our waitress was very attentive and kind .	waitress	positive
the outside patio is excellent in the fall and early spring !	outside patio	positive
sadly , the food was forgettable and service was poor .	food	negative
sadly , the food was forgettable and service was poor .	service	negative
we will definitely visit this location again .	location	positive
highly recommended for special occasions and a `` splurge . ''	splurge	positive
great crust !	crust	positive
and the people that work there are always super friendly !	people	positive
consistently the best performing arts center in the phoenix metro area .	performing arts	positive
talk about lousy customer service .	customer service	negative
the staff and owners are so welcoming and friendly .	staff	positive
the staff and owners are so welcoming and friendly .	owners	positive
never had any issues ever with all my other dogs at the vet .	dogs	positive
great place for a quick lunch or dinner .	lunch	positive
great place for a quick lunch or dinner .	dinner	positive
i was very angry that i had to sleep in this bed .	bed	negative
awesome service and food !	service	positive
awesome service and food !	food	positive
it was truly the worst manicure and pedicure i 've ever had .	manicure	negative
it was truly the worst manicure and pedicure i 've ever had .	pedicure	negative
excellent programs for your kids .	programs	positive
they also had a nice selection of beer and wine @ very reasonable prices .	selection of beer	positive
they also had a nice selection of beer and wine @ very reasonable prices .	prices	positive
go behind the place and just roll down the window .	place	negative
the pizza was a little better .	pizza	positive
do n't like this review ?	review	negative
thanks again dr. l .	dr.	positive
a little pricey but excellent ambience .	ambience	positive
if they clean the place up it would be pretty good .	place	negative
sometimes lucky enough to catch the owner enjoying his own business .	owner	positive
i very disappointed considering the reputation they have .	reputation	negative
which makes the younger people , sub _num_ , feel uncomfortable and not appreciated .	sub	negative
i guess only the employees can dress in skimpy attire .	employees	negative
well he obviously did not check my id clearly since it was my birthday .	id	negative
huge portions and the food is great .	portions	positive
huge portions and the food is great .	food	positive
okay , so i went there for lunch today with my son , jacob .	lunch	positive
the lobster spring rolls are delicious !	lobster spring rolls	positive
and the cake was absolutely perfect !	cake	positive
my feelings are a little hurt .	feelings	negative
great food !	food	positive
everyone there was nice and accommodating .	everyone	positive
this is good mexican food .	mexican food	positive
finally found my stylist !	stylist	positive
for dinner we had a delicious salad and soup to begin with .	salad	positive
for dinner we had a delicious salad and soup to begin with .	soup	positive
best place for a quick coffee and their sandwiches are spot on !	coffee	positive
best place for a quick coffee and their sandwiches are spot on !	sandwiches	positive
the waiter was ridiculously rude .	waiter	negative
definitely check this ace out if you have n't yet .	ace	positive
we went back for lunch on a sunday and it was fantastic .	lunch	positive
i highly recommend this place .	place	positive
great job !	job	positive
great food and wine !	food	positive
great food and wine !	wine	positive
the soups here are sooooo good , better than mom 's !	soups	positive
service was pleasant but a bit on the slow side .	service	positive
no apology , no words at all , from the waiter .	waiter	negative
the sushi is always fresh and i love that is it family owned .	sushi	positive
good pizza hut location .	pizza	positive
good pizza hut location .	location	positive
had fun two stepping here on a saturday night to an amazing band .	band	positive
our server was fast and friendly .	server	positive
do not waste your money or your time here .	money	positive
everyone was very helpful and friendly , especially our salesman , chip .	salesman	positive
everyone was very helpful and friendly , especially our salesman , chip .	chip	positive
i was really impressed with the rooms they were modern and clean .	rooms	positive
i am very happy to have found the steakhouse about _num_ miles from home .	steakhouse	positive
happy hour is awesome big fan of the fish tacos and blue cheese wedge !	fish tacos	positive
happy hour is awesome big fan of the fish tacos and blue cheese wedge !	blue cheese wedge	positive
the outdoor seating is really sidewalk seating next to the parking lot and cars .	outdoor seating	negative
this is my favorite hair salon that i 've ever been to !	hair salon	positive
this place was terrible !	place	negative
foods are so so and the service is horrible .	foods	negative
foods are so so and the service is horrible .	service	negative
the most honest auto business by far .	auto business	positive
great place for authentic mexican food .	mexican food	positive
i have had really good experiences with this place .	place	positive
great mix between mexican fast food and dine-in restaurant .	mexican fast food	positive
great mix between mexican fast food and dine-in restaurant .	dine-in	positive
definitely the best bbq !	bbq	positive
thank god for places like _num_ hour fitness .	places	positive
excellent care and very nice staff and doctors .	care	positive
excellent care and very nice staff and doctors .	staff	positive
excellent care and very nice staff and doctors .	doctors	positive
it 's a chain , but it does one thing and does it well .	chain	positive
very affordable pricing as well !	pricing	positive
there is a reason i get take out , i ca n't cook .	take out	negative
avoid financing with them at all costs .	costs	negative
always changing , always showing new artists ( at least for me ) .	artists	positive
the customer service is quite wonderful ; everyone is very friendly and helpful .	customer service	positive
they offer fast take out and great prices .	take out	positive
they offer fast take out and great prices .	prices	positive
btw the customer service was amazing and friendly .	customer service	positive
reminiscent of my chain steakhouse server days .	chain	positive
reminiscent of my chain steakhouse server days .	server	positive
their shrimp cocktail offered large , delicious shrimps .	shrimp cocktail	positive
their shrimp cocktail offered large , delicious shrimps .	shrimps	positive
i have never been to a worse pharmacy !	pharmacy	positive
definitely a small town feel .	feel	positive
the clinic itself is spacious and clean .	clinic	positive
the staff are fabulous and so friendly .	staff	positive
if you 're looking for authentic mexican tacos , you 've hit the jackpot !	mexican tacos	positive
great little dive bar .	dive bar	positive
the attendant was friendly and helpful .	attendant	positive
the food was pretty good- huge bavarian style pretzels are always great with beer .	food	positive
the food was pretty good- huge bavarian style pretzels are always great with beer .	beer	positive
finally , i 've found my new hair place !	hair place	positive
very professional and friendly place .	place	positive
worst customer service i 've even encountered !	customer service	negative
such a cool place !	place	positive
i waited _num_ minutes past my appointment time to see her assistant .	assistant	negative
always enjoyable with vito 's hot wings or a fresh salad .	vito	positive
always enjoyable with vito 's hot wings or a fresh salad .	salad	positive
not crowded @ about 1:30 p.m. we always sit in the bar area .	bar area	positive
also had the quesadilla which was good and their caprese is legit .	quesadilla	positive
also had the quesadilla which was good and their caprese is legit .	caprese	positive
they have great produce at this location .	produce	positive
they have great produce at this location .	location	positive
very disappointed in my service and food today .	service	negative
very disappointed in my service and food today .	food	negative
we very much enjoyed the chop salad , and mashed potatoes .	chop salad	positive
we very much enjoyed the chop salad , and mashed potatoes .	mashed potatoes	positive
excuse the language but this is a pretty damn good tire shop !	tire shop	positive
return often to check up on the sales !	sales	positive
it 's a bummer that our dining experience was n't very pleasant or inviting .	dining experience	negative
horrible experience at this dealership .	dealership	negative
if jade palace were to open in ny it would close in a week .	jade palace	negative
the owner does some of the best alterations in the state .	owner	positive
she brought us no napkins .	napkins	negative
waitress ( jen ) was nice but we waited very long for the food .	waitress	positive
waitress ( jen ) was nice but we waited very long for the food .	food	negative
my husband said the pancakes were hands down the best he 's ever had !	pancakes	positive
have n't eaten here in a while , i 'm usually in for drinks .	drinks	positive
_num_ minutes pass so i walk back to the car place .	place	negative
great service and friendly .	service	positive
husband had the panang curry , which he very much enjoyed .	panang curry	positive
disappointed with this place .	place	negative
for the price this place is awesome .	price	positive
very knowledgable and friendly doctors and staff .	doctors	positive
very knowledgable and friendly doctors and staff .	staff	positive
got the fries today , so much better !	fries	positive
if you 're hungry , i recommend the rib eye .	rib eye	positive
i highly recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale !	dentistry	positive
i highly recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale !	scottsdale	positive
the chicken was good but the lamb was extremely tough and full of fat .	chicken	positive
the chicken was good but the lamb was extremely tough and full of fat .	lamb	positive
the chicken was good but the lamb was extremely tough and full of fat .	fat	negative
i thought the food was lousy .	food	negative
have been shopping here for years , great deals and fun finds .	deals	positive
have been shopping here for years , great deals and fun finds .	finds	positive
good amount of choices from rich and savory , to light and healthy .	choices	positive
good selections .	selections	positive
chicken fingers no flavor .	chicken fingers	negative
best happy hour prices for the freshest seafood around .	prices	positive
best happy hour prices for the freshest seafood around .	seafood	positive
this place is more wonderful than expected .	place	positive
if you use quality mozzarella its not like that .	quality mozzarella	negative
good environment , good food , and good service to go along with it .	environment	positive
good environment , good food , and good service to go along with it .	food	positive
good environment , good food , and good service to go along with it .	service	positive
we loved the sangria !	sangria	positive
it 's classy and chill for an old town spot .	spot	positive
i will not be going back due to the tacky service .	tacky service	negative
great place to get gyros !	gyros	positive
best arby 's around !	arby 's	positive
i highly recommend this ice cream place to anyone with a sweet tooth !	ice cream place	positive
i did fail to mention , the rolls were good .	rolls	positive
the men got a large pepperoni pizza , talk about a big pizza .	pepperoni pizza	positive
the bbq is unique and the portions are large .	bbq	positive
the bbq is unique and the portions are large .	portions	positive
the return policy here is ridiculous .	return policy	negative
this place is large enough for everything .	place	positive
our first stop on a bike pub ride .	bike pub ride	positive
the food here is mediocre at best .	food	negative
outdoor patio is charming and highly recommended .	outdoor patio	positive
the place has a nice atmosphere , inside and outside seating .	atmosphere	positive
the place has a nice atmosphere , inside and outside seating .	seating	positive
first off , i want to say that the hostesses was amazing .	hostesses	positive
i 've eaten better chinese food at airport chinese faster restaurants .	chinese food	positive
the veal shank is so awesome .	veal shank	positive
i highly recommend this location .	location	positive
is there a no star rating ?	rating	negative
before we went , we called to check the hours .	hours	negative
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	pictures	negative
amazing pancake house .	pancake house	positive
expect good food and good service for a good price .	food	positive
expect good food and good service for a good price .	service	positive
expect good food and good service for a good price .	price	positive
good , fast service .	service	positive
we enjoy this place mostly because it s a serious hidden hideaway place .	place	positive
i also love their sushi bar and coffee bar .	sushi bar	positive
i also love their sushi bar and coffee bar .	coffee bar	positive
look forward to our next stay !	stay	positive
my favorite one included mozzarella , tomatoes and pesto .	mozzarella	positive
my favorite one included mozzarella , tomatoes and pesto .	tomatoes	positive
my favorite one included mozzarella , tomatoes and pesto .	pesto	positive
the atmosphere is also amazing .	atmosphere	positive
great food and service plus so many adult beverages to choose from ... .	food	positive
great food and service plus so many adult beverages to choose from ... .	service	positive
great food and service plus so many adult beverages to choose from ... .	adult beverages	positive
i have no idea how this place has _num_ stars on here .	place	positive
she just grabbed the menu out of her hand and walked off .	menu	negative
another great thing about this place is they sell it by the slice .	slice	positive
sorry gang would give this place no star if i could .	gang	negative
sorry gang would give this place no star if i could .	place	negative
good , large portions for a great price .	portions	positive
good , large portions for a great price .	price	positive
she was very kind and the price was extremely fair .	price	positive
good service and reasonable prices .	service	positive
good service and reasonable prices .	prices	positive
each interaction was smooth and efficient .	interaction	positive
this place fills up fast because inside is small and intimate .	place	negative
kids will love this place as there is a small arcade .	arcade	positive
very friendly salon .	salon	positive
do n't waste your money or time here !	money	positive
the girl working there was super nice and accommodating .	girl working	positive
what i found was a place whose falafel is in need of a fix .	place	negative
what i found was a place whose falafel is in need of a fix .	falafel	negative
worst car buying experience i ever had !	car buying	negative
wife thoroughly enjoyed her kale salad , cocktails are excellent .	kale salad	positive
wife thoroughly enjoyed her kale salad , cocktails are excellent .	cocktails	positive
this has to be the worse hotel ever !	hotel	negative
everyone is so friendly too .	everyone	positive
i would recommend this store to anyone !	store	positive
i love this place , it is very relaxing .	place	positive
love that they have some games to play too .	games	positive
however , the music was good but very loud and the service was bad .	music	positive
however , the music was good but very loud and the service was bad .	service	negative
the fish is so fresh and mo is awesome , meticulous , and fun !	fish	positive
we loved this place !	place	positive
also , the service is not too good .	service	negative
the staff was wonderful and i ca n't wait to go back .	staff	positive
i have always had great service and the food is always off the hook !	service	positive
i have always had great service and the food is always off the hook !	food	positive
service is great !	service	positive
but their service is horrible .	service	negative
small place but definitely worth checking out .	place	negative
they claim they accept insurance , then they do n't .	insurance	negative
the top sirloin was out of this world with twice baked potato delicious .	sirloin	positive
the top sirloin was out of this world with twice baked potato delicious .	baked potato	positive
service was a little slow but they did take good care of us .	service	negative
their margaritas ate good and the food was delicious !	margaritas	positive
their margaritas ate good and the food was delicious !	food	positive
it had a bit of a spicy kick to it and was so good .	spicy	positive
i ate ghost chili peppers and it did not hurt this bad .	ghost chili peppers	positive
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	service	negative
the ladies are really nice .	ladies	positive
alcoholic drinks were good but pricey at $ _num_ - $ _num_ each .	alcoholic drinks	positive
for ourselves , we ordered a bottle of wine ... .	bottle of wine	negative
some employees there have n't received their benefit packet and/or new hire paperwork !	employees	negative
some employees there have n't received their benefit packet and/or new hire paperwork !	benefit packet	negative
some employees there have n't received their benefit packet and/or new hire paperwork !	hire paperwork	negative
$ _num_ pie with fees and tax was $ _num_ .	tax	positive
the burger was average and the roast beef was simply terrible .	burger	negative
the burger was average and the roast beef was simply terrible .	roast beef	negative
the wedding coordinator , was great !	wedding coordinator	positive
i hate it when your server speaks barely enough english to get by .	server	negative
there 's nothing really ny about this place .	place	negative
service is good and free wifi in the store .	service	positive
service is good and free wifi in the store .	wifi	positive
a quality facility that took excellent care of my dogs .	facility	positive
a quality facility that took excellent care of my dogs .	dogs	positive
everyone appeared to genuinely care about our dogs .	dogs	positive
fun atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great place to shop , buy what you will use within a few days .	place	positive
you did n't know there was artificial cheese out there ?	artificial cheese	negative
i am so pleased that i found her and this salon .	salon	positive
they said it was not an issue and that they would provide the space .	space	positive
avoid this place at all costs .	place	negative
i had the best stay .	stay	positive
i am really disappointed with this clinic .	clinic	negative
management helpful and friendly .	management	positive
and you have found yourself a regular customer .	customer	positive
overall , it has n't been the worst place we have lived .	place	positive
so stringy , and had the right combo of oils on it .	combo of oils	positive
being from back east it 's hard to find good pizza here .	pizza	negative
i love this place .	place	positive
i highly recommend this place if you want fast service and good food .	service	positive
i highly recommend this place if you want fast service and good food .	food	positive
i was sort of disappointed in suzanne 's bridal .	bridal	negative
purchased sat tickets , great experience as always .	sat tickets	positive
the ambiance was great and the service exceptional .	ambiance	positive
the ambiance was great and the service exceptional .	service	positive
it is not really brown rice .	brown rice	negative
office is close by , so its easy .	office	positive
dinner was excellent - i had the prime rib which was cooked perfectly .	dinner	positive
dinner was excellent - i had the prime rib which was cooked perfectly .	prime rib	positive
my fianc had the jalapeo burger with tots and we both loved it !	jalapeo burger with tots	positive
when i got a promotion , we went to cowboy ciao .	cowboy	positive
this place fits the bill without making me nervous while i 'm there !	place	positive
this place fits the bill without making me nervous while i 'm there !	bill	positive
the atmosphere is so amazing !	atmosphere	positive
do not use this service !	service	negative
the donuts here do n't taste all that fresh , at least to me .	donuts	negative
nathan , nick and the team at this location are great to work with !	location	positive
someone obviously did not use enough grounds .	grounds	negative
the staff is very friendly and fun .	staff	positive
excellent customer service , knowledge , and landscaping work !	customer service	positive
excellent customer service , knowledge , and landscaping work !	landscaping	positive
i highly recommend joe 's tire shop .	joe	positive
i highly recommend joe 's tire shop .	tire shop	positive
this is one of my favorite restaurants i go to weekly .	restaurants	positive
tall , floating from nordstrom rack ) and they were great !	nordstrom rack	positive
friendly staff .	staff	positive
worst of all , we had reservations !	reservations	negative
the service was very friendly .	service	positive
if i go to any cpk again i wo n't order that .	cpk	negative
lon 's , here 's some advice from the cheap seats .	seats	positive
standard scottsdale bar ... good times .	bar	positive
good food .	food	positive
love these guys , amazing staff always helpful and knowledgeable !	staff	positive
overall a very good experience and beautiful property on the edge of camelback mountain .	property	positive
amazing dinner and service highly recommended !	dinner	positive
amazing dinner and service highly recommended !	service	positive
bad service .	service	negative
great `` oasis '' spot .	oasis	positive
great `` oasis '' spot .	spot	positive
food and drinks were amazing .	food	positive
food and drinks were amazing .	drinks	positive
i recently got a new job and needed a bunch of professional clothing .	clothing	positive
crab puffs i would n't even give to the dog .	crab puffs	negative
crab puffs i would n't even give to the dog .	dog	negative
this is the worst cleaner i have ever visited .	cleaner	negative
stuff is very friendly , classy place !	stuff	positive
stuff is very friendly , classy place !	place	positive
good price .	price	positive
would vote lower if the option were available .	option	negative
bad customer service right there !	customer service	negative
but overall , i 've always loved my experiences at the sugar bowl .	sugar bowl	positive
as well as all the pizzas !	pizzas	positive
horrible horrible , customer service .	customer service	negative
great place to take a date .	place	positive
cleaning .	cleaning	positive
i always found great deals here even before the store closing sale .	deals	positive
i always found great deals here even before the store closing sale .	store	positive
ive had good luck with this pizza joint every time i get pizza here .	pizza joint	positive
the food was amazing and our booth was very relaxing .	food	positive
the food was amazing and our booth was very relaxing .	booth	positive
and fantastic food .	food	positive
the food was great , love the chicken sliders and wings !	food	positive
the food was great , love the chicken sliders and wings !	chicken sliders	positive
really disappointed in their not standing behind their product .	product	negative
i got some of wings and their steak sandwich ( thursday special ) .	wings	positive
i got some of wings and their steak sandwich ( thursday special ) .	steak sandwich	positive
their craft is a good and reliable as any other family chain .	family chain	positive
lastly , i am always shocked by how much stuff they carry .	stuff	negative
the current price was $ _num_ ( cheaper , yay ! )	price	negative
music in the bar , best shrimp cocktail you will every enjoy .	music	positive
music in the bar , best shrimp cocktail you will every enjoy .	bar	positive
music in the bar , best shrimp cocktail you will every enjoy .	shrimp cocktail	positive
their menu has many great choices .	menu	positive
it is rich , a little spicy , and the tripe is cooked well .	tripe	positive
they did however pay for that dish , but i will not be back .	dish	negative
i really like the atmosphere here !	atmosphere	positive
i thoroughly enjoyed my first visit to frank and lupe 's !	lupe	positive
it was a great setting for an intimate concert .	setting	positive
it was a great setting for an intimate concert .	concert	positive
the gnocchi is excellent .	gnocchi	positive
they make a strong americano !	americano	positive
the woman taking my order told me _num_ minutes .	woman	positive
this guy has no bedside manner and is rather unfriendly .	guy	negative
this place is crazy ... .	place	negative
loved this place !	place	positive
a great dinner spot for date night !	dinner spot	positive
this place is way better than the big company tire places .	tire places	positive
cc is pretty much a staple here .	cc	negative
the wait staff was very nice and efficient .	wait staff	positive
however , the service was attentive and great .	service	positive
all fresh ingredients and really outstanding flavors .	ingredients	positive
all fresh ingredients and really outstanding flavors .	flavors	positive
she completely rushed and did not make the experience worth the price at all .	price	negative
love this place !	place	positive
fun place to stop during a bike ride .	place	positive
fun place to stop during a bike ride .	bike	positive
my son had the fish tacos and the fish was delicious .	fish tacos	positive
the husband / wife owners are always pleasurable and the food is always good .	food	positive
upon entering , i noticed the cafe was packed .	cafe	negative
and it was more expensive than the parlor .	parlor	negative
the staff are excellent .	staff	positive
we will continue to utilize barro 's for our pizza needs !	barro	positive
we will continue to utilize barro 's for our pizza needs !	pizza	positive
i always use alex ... .	alex	positive
tiffany was pleasant and helpful .	tiffany	positive
you lost profit .	profit	negative
elements is a spectacular restaurant .	elements	positive
elements is a spectacular restaurant .	restaurant	positive
the chicken was dry to the mouth .	chicken	negative
specialty az gifts .	specialty az gifts	positive
they love it and it is always such a huge portion .	portion	positive
the chili verde was nearly inedible .	chili verde	negative
we stayed recently in a very nice suite .	suite	positive
the staff has been more than wonderful to us .	staff	positive
healthy creative tex-mex food .	tex-mex food	positive
another area where i ca n't really complain .	area	positive
scott at tire pro 's took great care of me .	scott	positive
great margaritas .	margaritas	positive
there is no way this place deserves five stars !	place	negative
great place for everyone !	place	positive
this place is awesome !	place	positive
terrible customer service .	customer service	negative
the staff is very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
i server was amazing .	server	positive
if you dont know how to wax , please dont .	wax	negative
want some pizza for lunch ?	pizza	positive
such a great guy !	guy	positive
this place is pretty trashy , i 'd rather smoke my hookah at home .	place	negative
this place is pretty trashy , i 'd rather smoke my hookah at home .	hookah	negative
pork and guacamole is always a great combo .	pork	positive
pork and guacamole is always a great combo .	guacamole	positive
they have always giving me the utmost best service and are extremely knowledgeable .	service	positive
the food is fresh and the girls who work there are awesome !	food	positive
the food is fresh and the girls who work there are awesome !	girls	positive
over all i enjoyed my meal .	meal	positive
generous portions .	portions	positive
friendly and accomodating staff .	staff	positive
rude employees .	employees	negative
dry , flavorless with a hint of spice .	spice	negative
the installers were professional and did a fantastic job .	installers	positive
my session was also about _num_ minutes short .	session	negative
the wait staff is friendly and attentive .	wait staff	positive
kudos !	kudos	positive
the grounds and views are amazing of course .	grounds	positive
the grounds and views are amazing of course .	views	positive
genuine german owners i believe .	german owners	positive
the entire staff was happy and attentive .	staff	positive
this was a fun float .	float	positive
great wait staff .	wait staff	positive
the work was done quickly and looks really good .	work	positive
i will definitely go back to salon tru and jenna .	salon tru	positive
my car looks great and the process was very easy !	car	positive
my car looks great and the process was very easy !	process	positive
we came here on a sunday afternoon hoping to eat decent bar food .	bar food	positive
this place is so flavorful with fresh veggies and fresh herbs .	place	positive
this place is so flavorful with fresh veggies and fresh herbs .	herbs	positive
thank you charlie & midas !	charlie & midas	positive
but believe me , they will never fix your car 's problem .	car	negative
pretty surprising for a sports bar .	sports bar	positive
the place gives you a lot of food for great prices .	place	positive
the place gives you a lot of food for great prices .	food	positive
the place gives you a lot of food for great prices .	prices	positive
i love the fresh basil and tomato .	fresh basil and tomato	positive
the dining room was empty .	dining room	negative
our room did n't have a mini fridge .	room	negative
i had the pulled pork over polenta ... it was so tasty !	pulled pork over polenta	positive
great course for beginners .	course	positive
i will not visit this restaurant again .	restaurant	negative
and the food was very good !	food	positive
highly recommended if you are looking for great seafood in the desert !	seafood	positive
the men working are all super knowledgeable and friendly !	men	positive
i had the chicken sandwich and it was amazing !	chicken sandwich	positive
so pleased to have found a groomer in arizona !	groomer	positive
to our disappointment our server was the nasty waitress .	server	negative
to our disappointment our server was the nasty waitress .	waitress	negative
great salon .	salon	positive
their prices are not cheap and their service sucks .	prices	negative
their prices are not cheap and their service sucks .	service	negative
atmosphere was great , service was great , margaritas were great .	atmosphere	positive
atmosphere was great , service was great , margaritas were great .	service	positive
atmosphere was great , service was great , margaritas were great .	margaritas	positive
$ _num_ dollars for sauce , dough , cheese , and sausage ?	sauce	positive
$ _num_ dollars for sauce , dough , cheese , and sausage ?	dough	positive
$ _num_ dollars for sauce , dough , cheese , and sausage ?	cheese	positive
$ _num_ dollars for sauce , dough , cheese , and sausage ?	sausage	positive
i do love their pizza !	pizza	positive
always had great service here too .	service	positive
arrogant people , skip it , go somewhere else for authentic persian food .	people	negative
arrogant people , skip it , go somewhere else for authentic persian food .	persian food	negative
food is pretty good , not fab .	food	positive
food is pretty good , not fab .	fab	negative
this place is amazing !	place	positive
this is definitely my favorite place to come for a gyro .	place	positive
this is definitely my favorite place to come for a gyro .	gyro	positive
nice little store around the corner from home .	store	positive
a bowl of onions with _num_ meatballs !	bowl of onions with _num_ meatballs	positive
the food was virtually inedible .	food	negative
the rooms are spacious and well kept .	rooms	positive
the calamari was breaded and fried and had no seasoning , including salt .	calamari	negative
the calamari was breaded and fried and had no seasoning , including salt .	breaded	negative
the calamari was breaded and fried and had no seasoning , including salt .	salt	negative
good eats and drinks for happy hour , love the atmosphere !	eats	positive
good eats and drinks for happy hour , love the atmosphere !	drinks	positive
good eats and drinks for happy hour , love the atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
great stuff !	stuff	positive
sauce and meats are great .	sauce	positive
sauce and meats are great .	meats	positive
i think their food is worth closer to $ _num_ per meal .	food	positive
i think their food is worth closer to $ _num_ per meal .	meal	positive
fantastic meal .	meal	positive
decent appetizer platter ... minus the fact that it was cold .	appetizer platter	positive
very friendly staff !	staff	positive
same amazing prices and great knowledgeable staff .	prices	positive
same amazing prices and great knowledgeable staff .	staff	positive
tried the iced mocha today , and it was a good choice .	iced mocha	positive
staff is always great and we always have a great time here .	staff	positive
the concessions are pretty pricy so eat before you go !	concessions	positive
i was n't satisfied and yet the bill for lunch was $ _num_ !	bill	negative
i was n't satisfied and yet the bill for lunch was $ _num_ !	lunch	negative
first time at elements and it did not disappoint .	elements	positive
this place definitely does !	place	positive
it makes it seem like no customer service training is given for any employees .	customer service	negative
it makes it seem like no customer service training is given for any employees .	employees	negative
how does someone mess up a brownie ?	brownie	negative
the car ran well and everything was great from there .	car	positive
overall , the food was greasy , mediocre and overpriced .	food	negative
my bread was a little harder but it was made fresh in house .	bread	negative
this store 's beer is _num_ % expired .	beer	negative
_num_ drinks .	drinks	positive
cool place .	place	positive
even their ranch and blue cheese dipping sauces are unexpectedly good .	ranch	positive
even their ranch and blue cheese dipping sauces are unexpectedly good .	blue cheese dipping sauces	positive
he ordered the mac & cheese for his side and it was terrible .	mac & cheese	negative
the bar food is awesome and is priced really good .	bar food	positive
grooming and boarding are also something they offer .	grooming	positive
grooming and boarding are also something they offer .	boarding	positive
my absolute favorite place ever !	place	positive
the absolute highest creativity and quality you 'll find in scottsdale .	quality	positive
the decor is bland and depressing and has n't changed in years .	decor	negative
this is by far the worst walgreens pharmacy that i have ever been too .	walgreens pharmacy	negative
not some place i 'm dying to spend my money .	place	negative
not some place i 'm dying to spend my money .	money	positive
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	cheese crisp	negative
this place is creepy .	place	negative
thanks guys @ auto zone .	guys	positive
another great meal !	meal	positive
you get the full pat down .	pat	positive
and the lamb - also cooked perfectly .	lamb	positive
their salsa is the best in scottsdale .	salsa	positive
food was wonderful !	food	positive
the bacon was in the omelet which i did not request .	bacon	negative
the bacon was in the omelet which i did not request .	omelet	negative
the private tasting area is pretty sweet too .	private tasting area	positive
also the slice specials , were simply cheese .	slice specials	positive
also the slice specials , were simply cheese .	cheese	positive
after pointing out the issue , i had to wait an additional _num_ minutes .	_num_	negative
i can not stand the chicken used in their salads .	chicken	negative
i can not stand the chicken used in their salads .	salads	negative
the sandwich was n't the greatest either .	sandwich	negative
very friendly staff .	staff	positive
great dive bar to start or end the night .	dive bar	positive
they also do n't take credit or debit which is a huge pain .	debit	negative
tonight , our service was well below mediocre .	service	negative
unfortunately , the poor reviews were being very kind .	reviews	negative
i got the rib steak and my wife got a sirloin .	rib steak	positive
i got the rib steak and my wife got a sirloin .	sirloin	positive
instead of the waitress apologizing she just disappeared !	waitress	negative
and wo n't help us out with this bad service they did for us .	service	negative
great local favorite sub shop .	sub shop	positive
the coffee coconut stout was absolutely fantastic .	coffee coconut stout	positive
love this place !	place	positive
customer service is always perfect !	customer service	positive
no customer service .	customer service	negative
great wings , great pizza , great service , and great atmosphere .	wings	positive
great wings , great pizza , great service , and great atmosphere .	pizza	positive
great wings , great pizza , great service , and great atmosphere .	service	positive
great wings , great pizza , great service , and great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
service was bad !	service	negative
fries were good .	fries	positive
and look how much noodles you get for $ _num_ .	noodles	positive
best italian food in town .	italian food	positive
i got the tamale sampler and it was great .	tamale sampler	positive
nice touch !	touch	positive
check out the pictures !	pictures	positive
each course gets better and better .	course	positive
the bread is made fresh and the smiley is the best !	bread	positive
the bread is made fresh and the smiley is the best !	smiley	positive
the server also charged us for _num_ salads that she just brought out .	server	negative
she did n't hesitate to completely ignore me and pick up the phone .	phone	positive
lucy was a fantastic waitress for us as well .	waitress	positive
the neighbors , they 're not the greatest , to be modest .	neighbors	negative
first off , they no longer include mimosas .	mimosas	negative
also matt was super cool and helpful .	matt	positive
very friendly atmosphere with the occasional funny joke .	atmosphere	positive
a good place to celebrate .	place	positive
i would recommend this place to anyone with high marks .	marks	positive
one of my favorite entree would have to be the thai spicy seafood .	entree	positive
one of my favorite entree would have to be the thai spicy seafood .	thai spicy seafood	positive
papago brewery is awesome !	papago brewery	positive
but to my pleasant surprise , these guys are awesome .	guys	positive
i also like that fact that they make the cream cheese there as well .	cream cheese	positive
terrible , terrible company !	company	negative
another _num_ minutes brought us our dinners .	dinners	positive
everyone is wearing their stupid shirts thinking the suns actually had a chance .	shirts	negative
everyone is wearing their stupid shirts thinking the suns actually had a chance .	suns	negative
hot water was shut off for days at a time .	hot water	negative
still has the mr misty freeze .	mr misty freeze	positive
oh , and the parking sucks too .	parking	negative
the chicken was tasty but somewhat overcooked and almost burned on the bottom .	chicken	positive
great help on wine selection and appetizers for happy hour !	wine selection	positive
great help on wine selection and appetizers for happy hour !	appetizers	positive
i will definitely be back to buy accessories and maybe a bike !	accessories	positive
i will definitely be back to buy accessories and maybe a bike !	bike	positive
this place just lost my long term business .	place	negative
i will not be back and will instead go somewhere else for persian food .	persian food	negative
the rows of tables they have would be great for groups of people .	rows of tables	positive
delicious , cheap water & fast , friendly service !	water	positive
delicious , cheap water & fast , friendly service !	service	positive
eyebrows and nails look amazing !	eyebrows	positive
eyebrows and nails look amazing !	nails	positive
i would recommend gary 's to others and continue bringing my cars here .	cars	positive
would not recommend this dental clinic .	dental clinic	negative
the staff was friendly and super fast .	staff	positive
this is the worst sushi i have ever had .	sushi	negative
the staff is incredibly attentive and respectful , and the spa was completely divine .	staff	positive
the staff is incredibly attentive and respectful , and the spa was completely divine .	spa	positive
great people to do business with , they always stand behind their plants .	plants	positive
this was not , despite the length , intended to be a rant .	length	negative
this resort is such a wonderful escape !	resort	positive
this resort is such a wonderful escape !	escape	positive
the food is outstanding .	food	positive
waited another _num_ minutes before a waitress came by .	waitress	negative
additionally , the service was slow .	service	negative
the food was very bland to just awful .	food	negative
food is average mexican , chips and salsa are decent .	food	positive
food is average mexican , chips and salsa are decent .	chips	positive
food is average mexican , chips and salsa are decent .	salsa	positive
they are not good at signing for packages that are received .	packages	negative
after seeing that first off , i would n't dream of ordering food here .	food	positive
the food is very tasty and the sushi very fresh .	food	positive
the food is very tasty and the sushi very fresh .	sushi	positive
this place has gone down hill , quickly .	place	positive
unfortunately , my experience with the staff leaves much to be desired .	staff	negative
it looked like a fine blue collar place for pool / beer after work .	pool / beer	positive
prices are excellent , quality is excellent , service is excellent .	prices	positive
prices are excellent , quality is excellent , service is excellent .	quality	positive
prices are excellent , quality is excellent , service is excellent .	service	positive
all the food was tasty and ample .	food	positive
they really did n't give a crap about all the pissed off customers .	customers	negative
great fun and entertainment for all ages !	fun	positive
great fun and entertainment for all ages !	entertainment	positive
it is sad because i always liked sonic .	sonic	positive
great persian food .	persian food	positive
the wings were good and big .	wings	positive
my hubby loves the cowboy burger .	cowboy burger	positive
the ambience is nifty and the food is delicious .	ambience	positive
the ambience is nifty and the food is delicious .	food	positive
loved this place !	place	positive
you want the highest quality fish in the valley , you come here !	fish	positive
the manager then said there was nothing they could do about it .	manager	negative
it smelt like this establishment had n't been cleaned in months .	establishment	negative
clean with friendly staff .	staff	positive
there are no veggies mixed in nor any meat .	veggies	negative
there are no veggies mixed in nor any meat .	meat	negative
nice decor inside , and nice outside in cooler weather .	decor	positive
great for bike stop dive .	bike stop dive	positive
i 'd recommend the ra in ahwatukee or on val vista and the _num_ .	ra in ahwatukee	positive
i 'd recommend the ra in ahwatukee or on val vista and the _num_ .	val vista	positive
i 'd recommend the ra in ahwatukee or on val vista and the _num_ .	_num_	positive
kia mentioned if brought to them this repair should have cost $ _num_ .	repair	negative
too much spanish here .	spanish	negative
family atmosphere is welcoming .	family atmosphere	positive
definitely recommend this dish !	dish	positive
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .	burgers	positive
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .	jalapeo ranch burger	positive
i was really happy with this place !	place	positive
my hair always looks gorgeous .	hair	positive
service was outstanding and friendly .	service	positive
the half chicken is amazing and the shirt ribs are some of the best .	half chicken	positive
the half chicken is amazing and the shirt ribs are some of the best .	shirt ribs	positive
it 's your typical pf changs .	pf changs	positive
taco bell has better tasting beans and rice than rosita 's .	beans	positive
taco bell has better tasting beans and rice than rosita 's .	rice	positive
ron is always honest about what my vehicle needs .	vehicle	positive
also had beef mongolian and it did n't taste right as well .	beef mongolian	negative
when we went to pick up the cushions , they were wrong .	cushions	negative
the kitchen staff moves like a well oiled machine .	kitchen staff	positive
the vinyl came out ok the carpet on the other hand not so good .	vinyl	negative
the vinyl came out ok the carpet on the other hand not so good .	carpet	negative
for someone who eats there all the time , variety is important .	variety	positive
what kind of breakfast place does n't have cream cheese ?	breakfast place	negative
what kind of breakfast place does n't have cream cheese ?	cream cheese	negative
the staff is the best .	staff	positive
refused for a to go order on new years eve .	order	negative
keep up the great work guys ... .	work guys	positive
zero indoor seating !	indoor seating	negative
this is a must for authentic italian food and atmosphere .	italian food	positive
this is a must for authentic italian food and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
great pizza and friendly staff !	pizza	positive
great pizza and friendly staff !	staff	positive
got a cut and color and conditioning treatment .	cut	negative
as we walked in , we were seating pretty quickly .	seating	negative
amazing flavors .	flavors	positive
would n't you send a manager over ?	manager	negative
this is unacceptable considering we did have a reservation !	reservation	negative
the smell , look , and ambiance of this place is incredible .	smell	positive
the smell , look , and ambiance of this place is incredible .	ambiance	positive
i highly recommend going to fiesta when your hungry for quick mexican food .	mexican food	positive
_num_ minutes later , we get our food .	food	positive
fresh donuts every day .	fresh donuts	positive
i had a major purchase on one receipt with $ _num_ kohl 's cash .	cash	negative
the produce is ridiculously fresh .	produce	positive
disgusting food .	food	negative
i have never been allowed to see a dr in a timely manner .	dr	positive
best bar in old town .	bar	positive
the prices are reasonable and she always does a great job !	prices	positive
the best strip mall nail salon in scottsdale .	strip mall nail salon	positive
best spaghetti !	spaghetti	positive
it is very noisy and the food is just okay .	food	negative
the waitresses are friendly and very attentive .	waitresses	positive
exceptional margaritas !	margaritas	positive
i went to the dealer and had the door fixed ... _num_ .	dealer	negative
i went to the dealer and had the door fixed ... _num_ .	door	negative
so glad to fine tune place of we lived here we would be regulars .	place	positive
however , we will no longer patronize such rude service .	service	negative
prices are too high for what you get in this no-frills place .	prices	negative
prices are too high for what you get in this no-frills place .	place	negative
neither salad came with a side of bread .	salad	negative
i was drooling with the flavors !	flavors	positive
good place , great patio dinning experience .	place	positive
good place , great patio dinning experience .	patio	positive
it would be nice that the dim lighting was turned up one more notch .	dim lighting	positive
loved it except the cabbage .	cabbage	negative
best foot massages in town when you get a pedicure !	foot massages	positive
best foot massages in town when you get a pedicure !	pedicure	positive
but this place is wonderful .	place	positive
will definitely come back to this resort in the future .	resort	positive
the garlic bread on the side was delicious and fresh .	garlic bread	positive
staff is friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
lovely setting .	setting	positive
the bartenders are friendly .	bartenders	positive
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	cut	negative
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	color	negative
on the tag , needless to say i was disappointed .	tag	negative
love this place any day of the week .	place	positive
great little place with lots of charm and character .	place	positive
disgusting regard for customers , i 've never felt so insulted .	customers	negative
that 's great because a lot of places do n't which is n't fun .	places	positive
service was bad with waiters only stopping by to sell more drinks .	service	negative
service was bad with waiters only stopping by to sell more drinks .	waiters	negative
service was bad with waiters only stopping by to sell more drinks .	drinks	negative
i always have a good meal at this og .	meal	positive
it was almost too much work to get the meat off the bone .	meat	negative
what a great hidden gem in old town scottsdale !	scottsdale	positive
the happy hour price on rita 's was fantastic .	price	positive
these guys are horrible .	guys	negative
pure garbage .	garbage	positive
its not worth the headache .	headache	negative
the most amazingly friendly and caring service !	service	positive
this place is one of the top in the area for a reason .	place	positive
the prime rib comes with horseradish - very weak and cut with butter .	prime rib	negative
the prime rib comes with horseradish - very weak and cut with butter .	horseradish	negative
the prime rib comes with horseradish - very weak and cut with butter .	butter	negative
not even _num_ star is deserved !	star	negative
excellent customer service !	customer service	positive
no complaints here - zipps is the best !	zipps	positive
wings were good though , but it was hard to order them .	wings	positive
the place is a bit loud but really worth it .	place	negative
saturday nights it 's a nice place to bring the family .	place	positive
i love baseball !	baseball	positive
they have wonderful food and really great service .	food	positive
they have wonderful food and really great service .	service	positive
they provide great service and even better humor .	service	positive
reasonable prices solid portions and everything i put in my mouth was awesome .	prices	positive
reasonable prices solid portions and everything i put in my mouth was awesome .	portions	positive
always service with a smile .	service	positive
but a true old time parlor should have french fries .	parlor	positive
but a true old time parlor should have french fries .	french fries	positive
your pets will be in good hands here .	pets	positive
best steak i think i 've ever had !	steak	positive
more bang for your buck .	buck	positive
friends had the roast beef and chicken crave .	roast beef and chicken	positive
the staff was rude and unwelcoming .	staff	negative
wow pricing is incredible .	pricing	positive
company fails to listen to the voice of the customer .	company	negative
company fails to listen to the voice of the customer .	customer	negative
good margs , check !	margs ,	positive
horrible , horrible place ... ... rude management , lazy bartenders , stupid servers .	place	negative
horrible , horrible place ... ... rude management , lazy bartenders , stupid servers .	management	negative
horrible , horrible place ... ... rude management , lazy bartenders , stupid servers .	bartenders	negative
horrible , horrible place ... ... rude management , lazy bartenders , stupid servers .	servers	negative
i am so done with this plumbing company .	plumbing company	positive
fruit was old .	fruit	negative
delicious mexican food with an amazing outside atmosphere .	mexican food	positive
delicious mexican food with an amazing outside atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .	tasting	positive
best breakfast place in town !	breakfast place	positive
i must say , they have an excellent staff here .	staff	positive
perfect family lunch spot .	family lunch spot	positive
the property is fabulous !	property	positive
the service was fast and friendly .	service	positive
fast delivery of the food .	food	positive
the braised dr. pepper ribs are excellent .	braised dr. pepper ribs	positive
hubby and i shared a green chili chimi , ( delicious beef green chili .	green chili chimi ,	positive
hubby and i shared a green chili chimi , ( delicious beef green chili .	beef green chili	positive
bacon , ham , hash browns , etc .	bacon	positive
bacon , ham , hash browns , etc .	ham , hash browns	positive
the tacos and crab cake are my favorites .	tacos	positive
the tacos and crab cake are my favorites .	crab cake	positive
but the salt cellar is amazing !	salt cellar	positive
our other dinner guest ate only half his carne dish .	carne dish	negative
the woman was horribly dressed .	woman	negative
vegetables used are frozen ... their not fresh .	vegetables	negative
great place for lunch !	lunch	positive
fantastic prices on produce .	prices	positive
so i call back and the lady was rude as heck .	lady	negative
the sandwich was not that great .	sandwich	negative
best bean and cheese and large strips in the world .	bean and cheese	positive
best bean and cheese and large strips in the world .	strips	positive
all-around great bar .	bar	positive
this place is over priced and the sandwiches are not that great .	priced	negative
this place is over priced and the sandwiches are not that great .	sandwiches	negative
it took forever to get drink refills , salsa for our chips , etc .	drink refills	negative
it took forever to get drink refills , salsa for our chips , etc .	chips	negative
i also got the michelada here .	michelada	positive
outstanding service and food at a super high level .	service	positive
outstanding service and food at a super high level .	food	positive
thanks cameron and will for the witty and genuine service .	service	positive
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	company	negative
they have the best juke box in town , though .	juke box	positive
thanks for an awesome job .	job	positive
they had my tire size , where most shops did not .	tire	negative
great chips and salsa .	chips	positive
my husband thinks the new menu is better .	menu	positive
also , their food is very good and the service is normally very friendly .	food	positive
also , their food is very good and the service is normally very friendly .	service	positive
sadly , the same surly , unfriendly people still work here .	people	negative
one of my very favorite restaurants in phoenix !	restaurants	positive
without the tips , they sink .	tips	negative
it was one of the best meals i 've had , period .	meals	positive
the food is delish and the specials are great !	food	positive
the food is delish and the specials are great !	specials	positive
the food was delicious and portions were great .	food	positive
the food was delicious and portions were great .	portions	positive
the selection of candies is excellent .	selection of candies	positive
love this supermarket !	supermarket	positive
they changed the menu to the worst .	menu	negative
the salmon consistency is perfect .	salmon consistency	positive
the staff is always delightful .	staff	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
watery bloody and slow service .	service	negative
if you are looking for below average cuisine , this is your place .	cuisine	negative
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	stock	negative
i would suggest you stay away and take your business elsewhere .	business	negative
it was almost as bad as tasting ocean water .	ocean water	negative
the heated salt block was a unique touch .	heated salt block	positive
run , dont walk to any other rv service center .	rv service center	negative
the red enchiladas lacked flavor and we could not finish it .	red enchiladas	negative
atmosphere is suitable for either - classy .	atmosphere	positive
i can not believe i have n't reviewed this place !	place	positive
the chicken inside of the quesadilla was cold and the soup was luke warm .	chicken inside	negative
the chicken inside of the quesadilla was cold and the soup was luke warm .	quesadilla	negative
the chicken inside of the quesadilla was cold and the soup was luke warm .	soup	negative
do n't come here if you 're looking for authentic thai food .	thai food	negative
i heard the music from the sidewalk and would n't even walk in .	music	negative
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	rear	negative
excellent southwestern food .	southwestern food	positive
their customer service stinks !	customer service	negative
total waste of a great place .	place	negative
the food is actually really good , reasonably priced and great portions .	food	positive
the food is actually really good , reasonably priced and great portions .	priced	positive
the food is actually really good , reasonably priced and great portions .	portions	positive
delicious ice cream , great prices , and fantastic service .	ice cream	positive
delicious ice cream , great prices , and fantastic service .	prices	positive
delicious ice cream , great prices , and fantastic service .	service	positive
, and their toasted cheese bagels are amazingly delicious .	toasted cheese bagels	positive
the food is way way above par .	food	positive
their meats are devine and their veggies crunchy and fresh .	meats	positive
their meats are devine and their veggies crunchy and fresh .	veggies	positive
place is super cool !	place	positive
service was great .	service	positive
the color turned out beautifully .	color	positive
really , everything thing about this place is wonderful .	place	positive
apps very good .	apps	positive
meh , it was ok but a bit expensive for a diner .	diner	negative
this was a recommendation from one of the managers at the sheraton desert oasis .	managers	positive
this was a recommendation from one of the managers at the sheraton desert oasis .	sheraton desert oasis	positive
family place .	family place	positive
this place would have received more stars had i not had unpleasant experiences .	place	negative
i 'm extremely satisfied with the service we ended up receiving .	service	positive
service was excellent , cocktails yummy and food delicious .	service	positive
service was excellent , cocktails yummy and food delicious .	cocktails	positive
service was excellent , cocktails yummy and food delicious .	food	positive
i only had my credit cards ( who does not take credit anymore ) .	credit cards	negative
thanks for the fine food and great service allison !	food	positive
thanks for the fine food and great service allison !	service	positive
in the meantime , it 's always worth a trip to one posh place .	place	positive
when i went to the restroom , i noticed that it was quite filthy .	restroom	negative
good service , though we were only ones there when we finished at 8pm .	service	positive
warning to everyone to do your research before doing business with this company .	company	positive
veal dishes and eggplant dishes were superb .	veal dishes	positive
veal dishes and eggplant dishes were superb .	eggplant dishes	positive
the staff is friendly and caring .	staff	positive
great food and service !	food	positive
great food and service !	service	positive
beans and rice were sub par and bland as well .	beans	negative
beans and rice were sub par and bland as well .	rice	negative
they have lots of beer and the bartenders are cool .	bartenders	positive
singer was okay but nowhere near the professional level .	singer	positive
i had two bowls .	bowls	positive
great value and good beer selection .	value	positive
great value and good beer selection .	beer selection	positive
great food and service .	food	positive
great food and service .	service	positive
food was ok , service was bad .	food	negative
food was ok , service was bad .	service	negative
there was no sign and i was n't going to bother asking .	sign	negative
consistently great service , food , and atmosphere !	service	positive
consistently great service , food , and atmosphere !	food	positive
consistently great service , food , and atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
great food from a hole in the wall chinese place .	food	positive
i do not recommend this cleaners .	cleaners	negative
asked twice for drink refills and never did get them .	drink refills	negative
the hold time each attempt was over _num_ minutes .	hold	negative
bourbon maple butter had no bourbon or maple flavor .	bourbon maple butter	negative
alexis is a great server !	server	positive
this is a great place to take out of state visitors .	place	positive
terrible customer service .	customer service	negative
this place is quaint , eccentric , and good food .	place	positive
this place is quaint , eccentric , and good food .	food	positive
i was very disappointed with my recent visit to this macayo 's .	macayo 's	negative
good ambience for a seafood joint .	ambience	positive
good ambience for a seafood joint .	seafood joint	positive
it also worked out nicely being so close to our house .	house	positive
our waitress gave us great service !	waitress	positive
our waitress gave us great service !	service	positive
good shop .	shop	positive
i love pancakes and they do to !	pancakes	positive
not even bean taste .	bean taste	negative
do not rent a po box from this lady !	po box	negative
she said it was otherwise ok , but had too much ricotta cheese .	ricotta cheese	negative
i left a rx there for _num_ hours .	rx	negative
call me picky , but i like cheese on my pizza .	cheese	positive
call me picky , but i like cheese on my pizza .	pizza	positive
the service was excellent .	service	positive
reasonable prices for happy hour .	prices	positive
went here last night with a friend to use up a gift card .	gift card	positive
no cheese .	cheese	negative
the ice cream is creamy but the prices are ridiculous .	ice cream	negative
the ice cream is creamy but the prices are ridiculous .	prices	negative
the management staff turned over quicker than a fast food joint .	management staff	negative
the food and cake were 2nd to none , everybody loved it .	food	positive
the food and cake were 2nd to none , everybody loved it .	cake	positive
i love that it 's a consignment store because there 's always something new !	consignment	positive
really top notch doughnuts !	doughnuts	positive
price is n't bad and decent value .	price	positive
price is n't bad and decent value .	value	positive
malee 's is wonderful thai food and nice place with great service .	thai food	positive
malee 's is wonderful thai food and nice place with great service .	place	positive
malee 's is wonderful thai food and nice place with great service .	service	positive
we were visiting in october and my wife loved the seasonal pumpkin ice cream .	seasonal pumpkin ice cream	positive
my absolute favorite type of restaurant !	restaurant	positive
plus the worst cheese crisp ever !	cheese crisp	negative
not _num_ feet behind me followed a second customer , all dressed up .	customer	negative
there are many places in south scottsdale that has wonderful food .	food	positive
filthy windows , and various other strange smells i could n't recognize .	windows	negative
filthy windows , and various other strange smells i could n't recognize .	smells	negative
one of the best beer selections in the phoenix area .	beer selections	positive
the staff here is very friendly and always helpful .	staff	positive
drinks - there 's a bar & they do n't separate people under _num_ .	drinks	negative
drinks - there 's a bar & they do n't separate people under _num_ .	bar	negative
we had to call the police twice this week as well for noise problems .	noise problems	negative
they have a wonderful atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
i walked back without the menu .	menu	negative
we politely sent them back and asked for coffee instead .	coffee	negative
their customer service is wonderful .	customer service	positive
we were hungry and we still could not like the food .	food	negative
amazing south american food !	south american food	positive
it is usually not too crowded and i enjoy the atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
* ) no comforter on bed .	comforter on bed	negative
the employees are great !	employees	positive
it 's honestly the best mexican food i have ever eaten .	mexican food	positive
best pizzeria in town .	pizzeria	positive
mayo turned out to be a nightmare for me .	mayo	negative
really nice resort in a great location .	resort	positive
really nice resort in a great location .	location	positive
unfortunately , the service is far from perfection .	service	negative
this place is definitely a sports bar through and through .	sports bar	positive
friendly and attentive service .	service	positive
_num_ words : incredible dish !	dish	positive
this was prime italian food .	italian food	positive
open & inviting chair areas !	chair areas	positive
wish the employees were more cautious where they stuff their face .	employees	negative
i am very disappointed with the service and the general manager .	service	negative
i am very disappointed with the service and the general manager .	general manager	negative
not to many side dish options .	side dish options	negative
great quality food , atmosphere , and location .	quality food	positive
great quality food , atmosphere , and location .	atmosphere	positive
great quality food , atmosphere , and location .	location	positive
the staff is not trained on the rules .	staff	negative
the staff is not trained on the rules .	rules	negative
this is our local pharmacy of choice .	pharmacy	positive
i love coming here for the comfort food and the quality has never disappointed .	comfort food	positive
i love coming here for the comfort food and the quality has never disappointed .	quality	positive
same money down , lower payments , better car , much better experience !	money	negative
same money down , lower payments , better car , much better experience !	payments	negative
same money down , lower payments , better car , much better experience !	car	positive
avoid this restaurant at all cost !	restaurant	negative
avoid this restaurant at all cost !	cost	negative
sushi chefs definitely know what they are doing and the bartender was hilarious .	sushi chefs	positive
sushi chefs definitely know what they are doing and the bartender was hilarious .	bartender	positive
the best gifts come from james elliot !	gifts	positive
bavarian point is amazing .	bavarian point	positive
i am less pleased with the emergency side of the office .	emergency	negative
i am less pleased with the emergency side of the office .	office	negative
great day !	day	positive
chopped salad was delish but steak and lamb were both tough .	chopped salad	positive
chopped salad was delish but steak and lamb were both tough .	steak	negative
chopped salad was delish but steak and lamb were both tough .	lamb	positive
first the tacos were good but not the best .	tacos	positive
love all the purses that are up there .	purses	positive
the best ace hardware store around .	ace hardware store	positive
thunderbird automotive has always been helpful , honest and so friendly .	automotive	positive
best cut i 've had in years .	cut	positive
very good thai food .	thai food	positive
thank god i did n't eat a cheesesteak !	cheesesteak	negative
the meat was tender and delicious .	meat	positive
happy with the cut and with the price !	cut	positive
happy with the cut and with the price !	price	positive
i will not be eating at this location again .	location	negative
awesome chips and salsa !	chips	positive
awesome chips and salsa !	salsa	positive
i would stay far away from this venue .	venue	negative
this one is close to my house but it is n't my favorite location .	house	negative
this one is close to my house but it is n't my favorite location .	location	negative
one of my favorite local dive bars .	dive bars	positive
the best food and atmosphere .	food	positive
the best food and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
there is something on the bottle list for everyone .	bottle list	positive
we really enjoyed this place .	place	positive
each server was knowledgable and able to make good recommendations .	server	positive
the service is attentive .	service	positive
the executive chef is quite handsome !	executive chef	positive
love zipps , it 's a scottsdale institution .	zipps	positive
it has a good atmosphere and is pretty busy most weekend nights .	atmosphere	positive
one of our favorite spots for a casual , quick dinner !	dinner	positive
we just had a nice chill time in this totally laid back spot .	spot	positive
very nice atmosphere and plenty of room at the bar which was nice .	atmosphere	positive
very nice atmosphere and plenty of room at the bar which was nice .	room	positive
very nice atmosphere and plenty of room at the bar which was nice .	bar	positive
instructors keep the material fun .	instructors	positive
want to have my wedding reception here .	wedding reception	positive
i do n't know how the manager didnt take care of the whole bill .	manager	negative
i do n't know how the manager didnt take care of the whole bill .	bill	negative
the pool was great as well .	pool	positive
get the check and the _num_ % is automatically added .	check	positive
get the check and the _num_ % is automatically added .	_num_	positive
prime rib .	prime rib	positive
they should call it a lotion application because that 's exactly what it was .	lotion application	negative
oh , and they have fast service , delivery or pickup .	service	positive
oh , and they have fast service , delivery or pickup .	delivery	positive
very nice clinic and staff .	clinic	positive
very nice clinic and staff .	staff	positive
abby did a excellent job on my hair cut and style .	hair	positive
so , i called them back today to cancel my service .	service	negative
i love this salon !	salon	positive
i agree with the other bad reviews .	reviews	negative
yet when we decided to leave , we could not find our server anywhere .	server	negative
this is my favorite hole in the wall place to eat .	place	positive
my _num_ and _num_ year olds love this place .	place	positive
the staff is friendly !	staff	positive
the food is very authentic !	food	positive
the few items i 've had on the menu are consistently good .	menu	positive
ok so the service is fine here but everything else was terrible .	service	positive
great food , great service , great environment !	food	positive
great food , great service , great environment !	service	positive
great food , great service , great environment !	environment	positive
place was not very clean , nor inviting .	place	negative
scheduling appointments however , is anything but simple .	scheduling appointments	positive
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	prices	positive
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	service	positive
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	outdoor seating	positive
i repeat : no diet coke .	diet coke	negative
i really appreciate a great small business that is able to get things done !	business	positive
the prices have barely gone up .	prices	positive
then she gave me the cost with their `` discount '' plan .	cost	negative
appetizers were excellent and very large so would need to plan the meal accordingly .	appetizers	positive
appetizers were excellent and very large so would need to plan the meal accordingly .	meal	positive
we still had to wait _num_ minutes for a table .	table	negative
the pancakes were a little dry however .	pancakes	negative
great hang over food .	food	positive
if you just need a roof over your head i suppose this will do .	roof	positive
tatiana came highly recommended by my daughter .	tatiana	positive
my husbands halibut did n't seem like halibut at all .	husbands halibut	negative
perfect hole in the wall mexican food restaurant !	mexican food	positive
if i go back i 'd would try a different dish .	dish	positive
the rice has carrots and peas in it !	rice	positive
the rice has carrots and peas in it !	carrots	positive
the rice has carrots and peas in it !	peas	positive
it is obvious the owners do n't care about their customers .	owners	negative
it is obvious the owners do n't care about their customers .	customers	negative
way more than just their delicious bagels !	bagels	positive
tuesday we came home to no work being done on the shower .	shower	negative
this is my new italian spot !	italian spot	positive
naan was fresh baked and delicious and was great mixed with saag paneer .	saag paneer	positive
great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
i ordered the shredded beef tacos and they were not greasy like most places .	shredded beef tacos	negative
this place was horrible !	place	negative
we shared a variety of all of the appetizer specials ... everything was delicious .	appetizer specials	positive
it is quiet and intimate , a great menu and food .	menu	positive
it is quiet and intimate , a great menu and food .	food	positive
great management and staff .	management	positive
great management and staff .	staff	positive
the worst service i have ever had .	service	negative
excellent food and service .	food	positive
excellent food and service .	service	positive
small place that 's great for take out .	place	negative
small place that 's great for take out .	take out	positive
by far best gyros in az !	gyros	positive
still love coming here for the great services !	services	positive
the food has always been amazing .	food	positive
my salmon was smelly ( very fishy ) and overcooked .	salmon	negative
i got a chicken , carne asada and fish taco .	chicken , carne asada	positive
i got a chicken , carne asada and fish taco .	fish taco	positive
i 've ordered the mashed potato bowl and it has been delicious !	mashed potato bowl	positive
such a beautiful resort !	resort	positive
and , the pizza is amazing .	pizza	positive
one of the best salads in town as well .	salads	positive
if you not eating , this is a great wine to sip on .	wine	positive
it was room temp and basically a bucket of grease .	room	negative
it was room temp and basically a bucket of grease .	bucket of	negative
i would much rather go out of my way and go to four peaks .	peaks	positive
good food .	food	positive
food was amazing !	food	positive
obviously , the beans and rice were eaten .	beans	negative
obviously , the beans and rice were eaten .	rice	negative
i stopped by with a few friends whom all enjoyed their meals .	meals	positive
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .	location	positive
the food is great !	food	positive
they have a huge selection of tap beers , like beyond imaginable .	tap beers	positive
good steak for a good value !	steak	positive
good steak for a good value !	value	positive
then they added too much salt to almost everything .	salt	negative
but - for good fresh stuff ! )	stuff	positive
i 'm always amazed at americans love of really bad chinese food .	chinese food	negative
good price for what you got .	price	positive
and the bill , with tax , came to ten bucks flat !	bill	negative
and the bill , with tax , came to ten bucks flat !	tax	negative
the food is very authentic and it 's presentation is great .	food	positive
the food is very authentic and it 's presentation is great .	presentation	positive
customer service by management here was terrible .	customer service by management	negative
this is a great persian restaurant .	persian restaurant	positive
i ordered a root beer float & it was a disaster .	root beer float	negative
the sushi itself was extremely underwhelming .	sushi	negative
excellent sandwiches and just about any other italian grocery item you can mention !	sandwiches	positive
excellent sandwiches and just about any other italian grocery item you can mention !	italian	positive
the lady working the drive through is on it .	lady	positive
wow , i ca n't stop going to this place !	place	positive
there no is proper place to sit .	place	negative
ok ... not better than sex , but the cake was very good .	sex	negative
ok ... not better than sex , but the cake was very good .	cake	positive
i found the soup to be outstanding and hubby liked the salad .	soup	positive
i found the soup to be outstanding and hubby liked the salad .	salad	positive
we also had the persian room appetizer platter .	persian room appetizer platter	positive
the iced lattes i ordered with the meals were also perfect .	iced lattes	positive
the iced lattes i ordered with the meals were also perfect .	meals	positive
great southwestern food and the staff and owner treated us like royalty .	southwestern food	positive
great southwestern food and the staff and owner treated us like royalty .	staff	positive
great southwestern food and the staff and owner treated us like royalty .	owner	positive
this place is pretty dang cool !	place	positive
the guitar player sang for us which was a nice touch .	guitar player	positive
the bread is tasteless and light , sort of like styrofoam .	bread	negative
their food has been great the two times i 've been there .	food	positive
well , at least the syrup is -- they make it with your order .	syrup	positive
lunches are a great deal too .	lunches	positive
i highly recommend them for car repairs .	car repairs	positive
delicious breakfast .	breakfast	positive
not worth the money .	money	negative
service was excellent , and prices were a bargain .	service	positive
service was excellent , and prices were a bargain .	prices	positive
no thanks la fitness !	fitness	negative
service is terrible .	service	negative
the furniture is pretty decent , and displayed fairly nicely .	furniture	positive
here 's a tip put someone at the drive through who speaks english !	tip	positive
you have _num_ choices for german food in the same strip mall .	german food	positive
instead , he brought a customer 's food ( who just arrived ) .	food	negative
and honestly the food is just greasy and nasty .	food	negative
the rooms are clean , the common areas are updated and open .	rooms	positive
the rooms are clean , the common areas are updated and open .	common areas	positive
it is a pricey place to eat , but it is very tasty .	place	negative
the food is delicious everytime and the service is great .	food	positive
the food is delicious everytime and the service is great .	service	positive
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !	scorpions	negative
needless to say i did not have my dress for my trip .	dress	negative
keep up the good work !	work	positive
very small space , so it gets crowded quick !	space	negative
all around great place to grab a drink or two .	drink	positive
absolutely loved this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
from seafood to steak , they always get my order right .	seafood	positive
from seafood to steak , they always get my order right .	steak	positive
the food was decent , but so is taco bell .	food	positive
great prices .	prices	positive
nothing else to say , this place is amazing !	place	positive
my family and i love this bagel nosh !	bagel nosh	positive
we were also served chips and salsa which were ok , nothing special .	served chips	negative
we were also served chips and salsa which were ok , nothing special .	salsa	negative
great service , food and drink , thank you uncle bob for this gift !	service	positive
great service , food and drink , thank you uncle bob for this gift !	food	positive
great service , food and drink , thank you uncle bob for this gift !	drink	positive
the decor is nice , relaxing and romantic .	decor	positive
james elliot is a great jewelry store .	jewelry	positive
to be fair , the order was ready and the employees were nice .	order	positive
to be fair , the order was ready and the employees were nice .	employees	positive
food was amazing especially the breakfast burrito .	food	positive
food was amazing especially the breakfast burrito .	breakfast burrito	positive
unless you 're a fan of poorly executed `` italian food , '' beware !	italian food	negative
this is not new york pizza .	pizza	negative
the server never mentioned he added gratuity to the check .	server	positive
the server never mentioned he added gratuity to the check .	check	negative
amber and kate are wonderful staff members .	staff	positive
the lobster udon was so fresh and amazing !	lobster udon	positive
we were seated and i loved all the pink decor .	decor	positive
no firearms allowed !	firearms	negative
this restaurant is great !	restaurant	positive
excellent customer service !	customer service	positive
the food was n't much better .	food	negative
i do n't get sweet treats often , and bosa was well worth it .	treats	positive
that is why they get one star .	star	positive
they are consistently delicious and my favorite sushi place in the valley .	sushi place	positive
i 've been here almost _num_ years , and i love my job !	job	positive
this is our go to service center for the whole fleet of family cars .	service	positive
this is our go to service center for the whole fleet of family cars .	family cars	positive
we ordered the basil pesto linguine , the chefs salad and various sushi .	basil pesto linguine	positive
we ordered the basil pesto linguine , the chefs salad and various sushi .	chefs salad	positive
we ordered the basil pesto linguine , the chefs salad and various sushi .	sushi	positive
also , their sandwich combos are amazing .	sandwich combos	positive
great happy hour and excellent food .	food	positive
very good bloody mary .	bloody mary	positive
this is a great place to eat and socialize .	place	positive
eat , drink and be merry my friends !	eat	positive
eat , drink and be merry my friends !	drink	positive
i have the most awful upstairs neighbors .	upstairs neighbors	negative
as always , martini ranch did not disappoint .	martini ranch	positive
always loved lunch specials .	lunch specials	positive
it was so much fun suck a beautiful lake !	lake	positive
the $ we spent on this vacation was well worth it !	$	positive
the tuna was perfect and the extras inside were perfect .	tuna	positive
the tuna was perfect and the extras inside were perfect .	extras inside	positive
the restroom situation alone is enough for any woman to go crazy .	restroom situation	negative
i love that it is a pet friendly complex !	complex	positive
this was the best dental experience i have ever had .	dental experience	positive
love this place will def .	place	positive
i stopped cooking and dumped out all the chicken .	chicken	negative
these guys are so smart !	guys	positive
the food was delicious and the naan as well .	food	positive
the food was delicious and the naan as well .	naan	positive
all the workers are so kind and helpful .	workers	positive
no offer of drinks in the meantime .	offer of drinks	negative
big fan .	fan	positive
the food portions are enormous .	food portions	positive
and the staff are funny too !	staff	positive
the service was mediocre as we had to hunt down the server pretty often .	service	negative
the service was mediocre as we had to hunt down the server pretty often .	server	negative
a great experience for the _num_ years we used desert storage .	desert storage	positive
when not in paris ... scottsdale will have to do !	scottsdale	positive
worst place ever !	place	negative
but , i was with my children on a school night .	children	negative
if something breaks it usually takes a couple weeks before the machine is fixed .	machine	negative
terrible services !	services	negative
guacamole extra but this can be expected .	guacamole extra	negative
service is really good !	service	positive
wow ... never knew this place was here .	place	positive
love this place .	place	positive
i felt bad for the other servers , they seemed embarrassed .	servers	negative
good food , especially for the price .	food	positive
good food , especially for the price .	price	positive
the best part to me was the ice cream .	ice cream	positive
service is usually pretty good , but either way their sundaes are delicious .	service	positive
service is usually pretty good , but either way their sundaes are delicious .	sundaes	positive
the steak was overcooked and he also received _num_ shrimp .	steak	negative
the steak was overcooked and he also received _num_ shrimp .	shrimp	negative
this sushi place is amazing .	sushi place	positive
wonderful company .	company	positive
neighborhood bars rock !	neighborhood bars	positive
nice high end pizzeria will definitely come back when on vacation .	pizzeria	positive
reliable , extraordinary customer service , and the cleaning was first-rate as well .	customer service	positive
reliable , extraordinary customer service , and the cleaning was first-rate as well .	cleaning	positive
the rooms are beautiful , spacious and real clean .	rooms	positive
i also love the drunken dragon noodles .	drunken dragon noodles	positive
called the groomer and she said there was a cut nail .	groomer	negative
the coffee is n't very good but the food is tasty and not greasy .	coffee	negative
the coffee is n't very good but the food is tasty and not greasy .	food	positive
if you know native american art visit the gallery to increase your knowledge .	native	positive
lots of unique choices - all good !	choices	positive
we 've purchased a bed , appliances , family gifts .	bed	positive
we 've purchased a bed , appliances , family gifts .	appliances	positive
this starbucks is my favorite because of the great customer service .	customer service	positive
this place has the best salsa and great prices !	salsa	positive
this place has the best salsa and great prices !	prices	positive
but it is an authentic retro , ice cream parlor .	ice cream	positive
the service was exceptional and the food was incredible .	service	positive
the service was exceptional and the food was incredible .	food	positive
the rice and tomato soup was good too .	rice	positive
i ordered dinner for me and girlfriend at _num_ pm through their app .	dinner	positive
i ordered dinner for me and girlfriend at _num_ pm through their app .	app	positive
idiots run this place , i will never return .	place	negative
i really like the salsa bar too !	salsa bar	positive
great wings and decent drinks but the wait staff is horrible !	wings	positive
great wings and decent drinks but the wait staff is horrible !	drinks	positive
great wings and decent drinks but the wait staff is horrible !	wait staff	negative
great food !	food	positive
you know its great when you see a local chef enjoying a meal too .	chef	positive
you know its great when you see a local chef enjoying a meal too .	meal	positive
he was fantastic and i would recommend this company to everyone !	company	positive
the tacos are cheap and amazing in flavor .	tacos	positive
the tacos are cheap and amazing in flavor .	flavor	positive
food is always yummy !	food	positive
i have no idea what kind of crack people are smoking in phoenix .	crack people	negative
it 's the only salon i will let touch my hair !	salon	positive
it 's the only salon i will let touch my hair !	hair	positive
great atmosphere here considering the flight line is right beside the cafe .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere here considering the flight line is right beside the cafe .	flight line	positive
would not recommend this company !	company	negative
the patio looked great , next time i will have to sit out there .	patio	positive
great burger .	burger	positive
the burgers are delicious .	burgers	positive
a complete care package !	care package	positive
i got the chicken satay thinking that would be safe .	chicken satay	positive
the ambiance is nice .	ambiance	positive
should n't he have sent out a replacement anyway ?	replacement	negative
do n't bother , they do n't want the business and it shows .	business	negative
their service was great and the food was delicious .	service	positive
their service was great and the food was delicious .	food	positive
the food is not that authentic .	food	negative
the manager is rude .	manager	negative
i 've had the same problem with this restaurant that others here have had .	restaurant	negative
thanks for making this process effortless lisa !	process	positive
thanks for making this process effortless lisa !	lisa	positive
favorite place for groceries hands down .	place	positive
great food and easy to find location .	food	positive
great food and easy to find location .	location	positive
food was average and the wait staff was horrible !	food	negative
food was average and the wait staff was horrible !	wait staff	negative
really spicy and thankfully a lot less sauce than most of their other items .	sauce	negative
green rice sounds funny but taste fantastic .	green rice	positive
absolutely stunning meal .	meal	positive
bottom line : great selection and great prices .	selection	positive
bottom line : great selection and great prices .	prices	positive
great gluten free pizza and wings !	pizza	positive
great gluten free pizza and wings !	wings	positive
there is a wide variety of meats and veggies , noodles , etc .	veggies	positive
there is a wide variety of meats and veggies , noodles , etc .	noodles	positive
it had a tuna taste and just not cooked here kinda vibe .	tuna taste	positive
the ambiance is great .	ambiance	positive
the sopapillas were good , but that is not hard to mess up .	sopapillas	positive
one of the worst meals ever .	meals	negative
thee best happy hour in scottsdale .	hour	positive
this place smells like bug spray .	place	positive
this place smells like bug spray .	bug spray	positive
we really enjoyed this place !	place	positive
i love the lasagna and pizza .	lasagna and pizza	positive
great burger before the game - awesome wings after the game .	burger	positive
great burger before the game - awesome wings after the game .	wings	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
great meal !	meal	positive
this is the best pei wei in the area .	pei	positive
absolutely love love love this place !	place	positive
when you walk in you cant leave with out getting a drink or two .	drink	negative
shrimp appetizer arrived and looked and tasted like a boxed breaded oven baked shrimp .	shrimp appetizer	positive
shrimp appetizer arrived and looked and tasted like a boxed breaded oven baked shrimp .	shrimp	positive
the staff are insanely sweet every time i go .	staff	positive
the pedicures are a good price for a good job !	pedicures	positive
the pedicures are a good price for a good job !	price	positive
fun atmosphere and always quick .	atmosphere	positive
he gave me my ticket to go inside and pay .	ticket	negative
really great tailor .	tailor	positive
great service too !	service	positive
these people today were truly awful !	people	negative
great food good service crazy price .	food	positive
great food good service crazy price .	service	positive
great food good service crazy price .	price	positive
our server was great too ... bubbly and energetic .	server	positive
the guy is ok , the women have their moments .	guy	negative
the guy is ok , the women have their moments .	women	positive
her attitude stuck out the whole meal .	meal	negative
some of the very best sushi i have ever had !	sushi	positive
the italian food is generous if not too generous but very good .	italian food	positive
the menu is eccentric and full of interesting things .	menu	positive
jen p rocks !	jen	positive
very talented folk !	folk	positive
very friendly people and everything tastes like home made .	people	positive
this place is pretty good .	place	positive
the perfect flakey crunch but still moist with honey .	crunch	positive
the perfect flakey crunch but still moist with honey .	honey	positive
great service ... great deal !	service	positive
they tire i had to buy because mt tire got ruined was way overpriced .	mt tire	negative
fabulous food and a warm , inviting atmosphere .	food	positive
fabulous food and a warm , inviting atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i was so happy i tried this new place with my family .	place	positive
my friend got thai , i got vietnamese , and another got chinese .	thai	positive
my friend got thai , i got vietnamese , and another got chinese .	vietnamese	positive
my friend got thai , i got vietnamese , and another got chinese .	chinese	positive
service : our waitress was friendly , helpful and did great job !	service	positive
service : our waitress was friendly , helpful and did great job !	waitress	positive
the makeover of the place is phenomenal .	makeover	positive
the makeover of the place is phenomenal .	place	positive
one of our friends was told he had a fake id and is _num_ .	id	negative
great bang for your buck .	buck	positive
great wine list .	wine list	positive
i really enjoy service from more experienced servers .	service	positive
i really enjoy service from more experienced servers .	servers	positive
thank you for taking such good care of my little car !	car	positive
the nachos were not really nachos .	nachos	negative
very cheerful business - i like them a lot !	business	positive
horrible ownership and management for something like this to happen .	ownership	negative
horrible ownership and management for something like this to happen .	management	negative
the food was not much better .	food	negative
this location is the best kona grill i have been to .	location	positive
this location is the best kona grill i have been to .	kona grill	positive
bottom line - do n't waste your money on vip .	vip	negative
perfect place to enjoy some tasty ice cream on a hot day .	ice cream	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
took it out for my first ride this morning and it was great !	ride	positive
we chose the cream cheese which was very good .	cream cheese	positive
my favorite bww .	bww	positive
this place is solid .	place	positive
and the quality is outstanding , so much better than whole foods !	quality	positive
and the quality is outstanding , so much better than whole foods !	foods	positive
no ac , really ?	ac	negative
sure , the fluff sells in bulk and you need to carry it .	fluff	positive
flemings or any other high end chain is better .	chain	positive
love the new addition and john the owner takes such great care of you .	owner	positive
the lady that rang me up was n't friendly either .	lady	negative
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .	waitress	positive
my nails look amazing , and the price was unbeatable .	nails	positive
my nails look amazing , and the price was unbeatable .	price	positive
the first time i got carryout there they forgot an appetizer i ordered .	appetizer	negative
the servers were always friendly though .	servers	positive
i love the salt cellar .	salt cellar	positive
the steak had great flavor .	steak	positive
we saw several wild horses and lots of beautiful scenery !	wild horses	positive
we saw several wild horses and lots of beautiful scenery !	scenery	positive
the chicken salad is amazing and so is the vodka sauce .	chicken salad	positive
the chicken salad is amazing and so is the vodka sauce .	vodka sauce	positive
the hair colors he uses stand out but stay professional and realistic looking .	hair colors	positive
i highly recommend their office !	office	positive
our waitress was friendly and service was good .	waitress	positive
our waitress was friendly and service was good .	service	positive
what a waste of $ _num_ + tip for that grumpy host .	host	negative
it 's like people think it 's hand soap and do n't touch it .	hand soap	negative
very friendly and knowledgeable staff .	staff	positive
so , besides the long wait , everything else is pretty good !	wait	negative
the kicker is the free homemade lemonade that 's always available in the lobby !	homemade lemonade	positive
their italian sausage is made daily and is super fresh and delicious .	italian sausage	positive
the food was really undercooked and slow to get .	food	negative
i wish zero stars was an option .	stars	positive
elements has one of the most romantic views at sunset !	elements	positive
dq is a great place to go for family celebrations .	dq	positive
take my shoes off ?	shoes	negative
the service and the frame selection is phenomenal .	service	positive
the service and the frame selection is phenomenal .	frame selection	positive
oh well , their patio was lovely .	patio	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
i should mail this place my hospital bill .	hospital bill	negative
i also love that it 's a cage free groomer and boarding facility !	cage	positive
i also love that it 's a cage free groomer and boarding facility !	groomer	positive
i also love that it 's a cage free groomer and boarding facility !	boarding facility	positive
other food was good as well .	food	positive
very nice service , and less pretentious than the others just up the street .	service	positive
there delivery is really fast also .	delivery	positive
soft music playing while you drink , eat and read .	music	positive
they have really good happy hour .	hour	positive
best chicken wings in town !	chicken wings	positive
i gave the hostess my order and waited at the bar .	hostess	positive
i gave the hostess my order and waited at the bar .	bar	negative
both were tasty but the soup was amazing !	soup	positive
i got a good deal on a highly rated battery .	battery	positive
i have no less than _num_ charges on my credit card .	credit	positive
the views as everyone else has stated are well worth the visit .	views	positive
and i could them wandering around at the bar not actually doing anything .	bar	negative
scallops bigger than my face are found here .	scallops	positive
the food came when they said it would and it was hot !	food	positive
i love this place !	place	positive
they have some great deals here .	deals	positive
great pizza .	pizza	positive
me had a cold .	me	negative
this place is ridiculous .	place	negative
we had a very nice meal here last night .	meal	positive
my favorite sub place !	sub place	positive
do n't waste time or money here , go to a different store .	money	negative
do n't waste time or money here , go to a different store .	store	negative
excellent care and very nice staff and doctors .	care	positive
excellent care and very nice staff and doctors .	staff	positive
excellent care and very nice staff and doctors .	doctors	positive
very very good food .	food	positive
this place was fantastic !	place	positive
now i have perfect teeth !	teeth	positive
the service was horrible .	service	negative
his staff is friendly and always accommodating .	staff	positive
but this was not the venue for them .	venue	negative
my last lunch actually gave me the runs .	lunch	negative
i 'm a very loyal customer !	customer	positive
the spa at camelback inn is one of my favorite places in arizona .	spa	positive
terrific service and very friendly .	service	positive
the cost for _num_ minutes of work + diagnostic was $ _num_ .	cost	negative
the cost for _num_ minutes of work + diagnostic was $ _num_ .	minutes	positive
nothing terrible , pretty decent , i would of rather had the tacos .	tacos	positive
the alterations costs were very reasonable and done impeccably well .	alterations costs	positive
this location is especially clean and neat inside which i also love .	location	positive
then i saw their health inspection report online .	health inspection report	positive
by far , qt is the best convenience store in az !	convenience store	positive
for some reason today we did not have the best service .	service	negative
the food was decent , but there was nothing special about the drinks .	food	positive
the food was decent , but there was nothing special about the drinks .	drinks	negative
the location is ideal as we rode our bikes here .	location	positive
no customer service at all .	customer service	negative
the only saving grace was that she did n't charge us for the coffee .	coffee	negative
secondly , it costs $ _num_ per person to get in on sat morning .	sat	negative
unique place .	place	positive
obviously nobody is there to take care of this place .	place	negative
they had games , food trucks , and various vendors in a beautiful setting .	games	positive
they had games , food trucks , and various vendors in a beautiful setting .	food trucks	positive
they had games , food trucks , and various vendors in a beautiful setting .	vendors	positive
they had games , food trucks , and various vendors in a beautiful setting .	setting	positive
kfc is just down the road .	kfc	positive
everything here is wonderful !	everything	positive
its very tasty and very good quality .	quality	positive
this facility is extremely professional and clean .	facility	positive
the worst part of the restaurant is the service .	service	negative
also , the food was amazing !	food	positive
this company lost one of my items and promised to replace it .	items	negative
well worth the wait though .	wait	positive
the wait staff and dcor was also very pleasant .	wait staff	positive
the wait staff and dcor was also very pleasant .	dcor	positive
an hour and a half to serve four people mediocre food ?	food	negative
the staff is always very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
great place to drink or eat , will definitely return !	place	positive
fun for groups or with your honey .	honey	positive
i had the monkey cakes , which were really really good .	monkey cakes	positive
good customer service , good menu , quality eating , so-so parking .	customer service	positive
good customer service , good menu , quality eating , so-so parking .	menu	positive
good customer service , good menu , quality eating , so-so parking .	eating	positive
not sanitary .	sanitary	negative
the manicure was not good .	manicure	negative
fried calamari hit the spot as appetizer .	fried calamari	positive
fried calamari hit the spot as appetizer .	appetizer	positive
big , cold , japanese beer , fresh sushi , great prices .	japanese beer	positive
big , cold , japanese beer , fresh sushi , great prices .	sushi	positive
big , cold , japanese beer , fresh sushi , great prices .	prices	positive
if i come again , i 'll probably get all vegetarian sushi .	vegetarian sushi	positive
i 'm unable to get my packages because of their hours , as well .	packages	negative
i 'm unable to get my packages because of their hours , as well .	hours	negative
no entrees excited me and the desserts were extremely strange .	entrees	negative
no entrees excited me and the desserts were extremely strange .	desserts	negative
very good reliable chinese delivery .	chinese delivery	positive
walked up mill and heard about this place , decided to try it out .	place	positive
my orders are constantly wrong , or my food arrives smashed or old .	orders	negative
my orders are constantly wrong , or my food arrives smashed or old .	food	negative
nice decor , huge wine selection if that 's your thing .	decor	positive
nice decor , huge wine selection if that 's your thing .	wine selection	positive
great food !	food	positive
such a perfect place for little girls birthday party or date night .	birthday party	positive
one of the best shops in town i have ever been too !	shops	positive
thanks to phil and all the seamstress !	seamstress	positive
had the right amount of spice , lots of flavor and lots of veggies .	spice	positive
had the right amount of spice , lots of flavor and lots of veggies .	flavor	positive
had the right amount of spice , lots of flavor and lots of veggies .	veggies	positive
everyone is always so nice and professional !	everyone	positive
this is by far our favorite pizza place .	pizza	positive
_num_ bars , if on the slow side .	bars	negative
absolutely horrible customer service !	customer service	negative
this place is definitely starting to become a family favorite .	place	positive
i absolutely love this place !	place	positive
best wings in town !	wings	positive
yum this stuff is delicious and i will be getting it often .	stuff	positive
great fried rice and the food always tastes fresh .	fried rice	positive
great fried rice and the food always tastes fresh .	food	positive
good food , much better than i expected .	food	positive
i 've never , ever left a restaurant without my food before .	food	positive
then , she explained that she forgot to take her pills that morning .	pills	negative
best barber shop in town .	barber shop	positive
great place !	place	positive
it 's up there with the best persian restaurants in la !	persian restaurants	positive
they recently opened a very tasty restaurant inside !	restaurant	positive
drinks are made by really good bartenders .	drinks	positive
drinks are made by really good bartenders .	bartenders	positive
the food and services were top notch !	food	positive
the food and services were top notch !	services	positive
the waitress speaks german , so you know it 's real !	waitress	positive
i always enjoy my visits to pf changs .	pf changs	positive
this place is one of our favorites to go to !	place	positive
i really love this place and could eat here every other day !	place	positive
very impressed with roaring fork !	roaring fork	positive
i immediately started to cry lol !	lol	negative
we 'll find someone else to work with and give our money too .	money	negative
i 've had several services here and i highly recommend the messages and facials .	services	positive
i 've had several services here and i highly recommend the messages and facials .	messages	positive
i 've had several services here and i highly recommend the messages and facials .	facials	positive
exactly , they are n't built in to all the stores .	stores	negative
love this place !	place	positive
this branch is getting worse and worse .	branch	negative
i ordered a chicken teriyaki and hunan shrimp on a very slow sunday evening .	chicken teriyaki	negative
i ordered a chicken teriyaki and hunan shrimp on a very slow sunday evening .	hunan shrimp	negative
this was our 4th time there and is quite consistent quality .	quality	positive
she realized before we sat down that we wanted privacy .	privacy	negative
love the breakfast burritos here .	breakfast burritos	positive
wait staff upbeat and helpful .	wait staff	positive
my friend just had a baby here and it was simple .	baby	positive
service is excellent and the food is among the best in the city .	service	positive
service is excellent and the food is among the best in the city .	food	positive
this place has gone down hill in the past year .	place	positive
before last may , i had n't been to the marquee since _num_ .	marquee	positive
very simple place , but clean with immediate attention & great prices !	place	positive
very simple place , but clean with immediate attention & great prices !	prices	positive
great service by gary .	service	positive
excellent homemade cooking , super friendly staff .	homemade cooking	positive
excellent homemade cooking , super friendly staff .	staff	positive
great job !	job	positive
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .	place	positive
i hate these kind of places .	places	negative
if you want some nice sushi , stay away from this place .	sushi	positive
if you want some nice sushi , stay away from this place .	place	negative
this place is horrible .	place	negative
i love their frozen edamame and their carrot cake is delicious .	frozen edamame	positive
i love their frozen edamame and their carrot cake is delicious .	carrot cake	positive
a nice quiet place to have a nice lunch .	place	positive
a nice quiet place to have a nice lunch .	lunch	positive
thus , my friend was obliged with about _num_ free shows at the venue .	venue	positive
so i proceed to go every 5-7 days for shots .	shots	positive
their short rib was tender and spice just right .	short rib	positive
the place was kind of overpriced too since they food is not that good .	place	negative
the place was kind of overpriced too since they food is not that good .	food	negative
the prices are good , the food is warm and the coffee is hot .	prices	positive
the prices are good , the food is warm and the coffee is hot .	food	positive
the prices are good , the food is warm and the coffee is hot .	coffee	positive
we went into this store and talked to michael .	store	positive
this place serves some sort of food but it is not mexican .	food	negative
good bar staff and fun music .	bar staff	positive
good bar staff and fun music .	music	positive
do n't waste your time or your money at this place !	money	negative
do n't waste your time or your money at this place !	place	positive
the fish tacos were also really good !	fish tacos	positive
the double sized beds were not acceptable .	double sized beds	negative
i ordered the pancake breakfast : pancakes , two eggs and bacon .	pancake breakfast	positive
i ordered the pancake breakfast : pancakes , two eggs and bacon .	pancakes	positive
fast , friendly , and reasonable prices .	prices	positive
the pizza with artichokes , sausage and prosciutto was so-so .	pizza with artichokes	positive
the pizza with artichokes , sausage and prosciutto was so-so .	sausage	positive
however i would not go back unless i was in the area .	area	negative
well , yeah ... look at the location .	location	positive
they have great quick breakfasts you can order to go .	breakfasts	positive
yummy , and the service is consistently great .	service	positive
this is a beautiful golf course .	golf course	positive
these past _num_ times , i tell the lady my simple hair cut .	hair cut	positive
very fun and friendly to every level of golfer .	golfer	positive
i ordered an iced coffee as well and it was awesome to .	iced coffee	positive
the clothing department and cosmetics similarly provided very good customer service .	clothing department	positive
the clothing department and cosmetics similarly provided very good customer service .	cosmetics	positive
the bread was store bought cold and tasted _num_ days old .	bread	negative
i will definitely return the next time i 'm in the area !	area	positive
when i went and picked my dogs up , i was not happy .	dogs	negative
i love this office .	office	positive
the drinks : good enough .	drinks	positive
get off your high peaks .	peaks	negative
this an absolutely gorgeous spa !	spa	positive
on one trip i ordered a pizza around noon for pickup at _num_ .	pizza	negative
the entire building looked old and run down .	building	negative
this is my favorite restaurant in phoenix - i highly recommend it !	restaurant	positive
the staff is expertly trained to be courteous , professional and efficient .	staff	positive
this is an older venue but its nice .	venue	positive
their soft shell crab special is amazing !	soft shell crab special	positive
i asked to just take the crap away and take it off my bill .	bill	negative
nobody bother to check on customers .	customers	negative
and then another _num_ .	_num_	positive
great little shop with plenty of mexican influence .	shop	positive
great little shop with plenty of mexican influence .	mexican	positive
i tell her that i 'm going to buy around _num_ dollars of food .	of food	positive
yum ... this place is great !	place	positive
i highly recommend them on their service alone .	service	positive
great food and atmosphere .	food	positive
great food and atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
an employee was helpful .	employee	positive
i got my _num_ tires from them and paid for the extended guarantee plan .	extended guarantee plan	negative
crust was perfect .	crust	positive
this is a small , quiet well kept rv park .	rv park	positive
the poor boy is always good .	boy	positive
this is my favorite steak house in all of the land !	steak house	positive
the patio atmosphere is one of a kind and the service was top notch .	patio atmosphere	positive
the patio atmosphere is one of a kind and the service was top notch .	service	positive
it has a more homestyle friendly cracker barrel type restaurant feel to it .	cracker barrel type	positive
on tap is a pretty good selection of craft and domestic beer .	on tap	positive
on tap is a pretty good selection of craft and domestic beer .	selection	positive
on tap is a pretty good selection of craft and domestic beer .	domestic beer	positive
a perfect italian lunch , in scottsdale !	italian lunch	positive
might i mention this woman is so slow .	woman	negative
waiting forever for a table but the place was half full .	table	negative
waiting forever for a table but the place was half full .	place	negative
soupy pasta sauce , very unremarkable house salad .	pasta sauce	negative
soupy pasta sauce , very unremarkable house salad .	house salad	negative
worth a wait on a busy night .	wait	negative
ordered the brisket , wife pulled pork .	brisket	positive
ordered the brisket , wife pulled pork .	wife	positive
no dinner for me tonight .	dinner	negative
love golfing this course !	golfing	positive
love golfing this course !	course	positive
bartender was also good to talk to .	bartender	positive
the lo mien noodles were ... awkward .	lo mien noodles	negative
the standard of dentistry is top notch .	standard	positive
he 's very nice and helped me decide on my sandwich .	sandwich	positive
even the acoustics were bad .	acoustics	negative
great family treats , i love their new chocolate flavor with chocolate cream .	family treats	positive
great family treats , i love their new chocolate flavor with chocolate cream .	chocolate flavor	positive
great family treats , i love their new chocolate flavor with chocolate cream .	chocolate cream	positive
this is the worst place ive ever been to .	place	negative
everything that we have ate from this place has been pretty good .	place	positive
the server was very friendly and attentive .	server	positive
otherwise this place is perfect .	place	positive
the broccoli was very undercooked ( think chain saw ) .	broccoli	negative
great sushi experience here !	sushi experience	positive
best bar in old town .	bar	positive
now i just avoid the place .	place	negative
we all tried each other 's drinks and everything was weak and watered down .	drinks	negative
excellent service from beginning to end .	service	positive
obviously poor planning that does n't change .	planning	negative
great place !	place	positive
they have great soups and pizza !	soups	positive
they have great soups and pizza !	pizza	positive
we had hot plates but cold rice and lukewarm food .	plates	negative
we had hot plates but cold rice and lukewarm food .	food	negative
the waitress was rude , extremely slow and not helpful at all .	waitress	negative
i just love this place .	place	positive
the office staff was professional and helpful at each visit .	office staff	positive
love this place !	place	positive
their food is not good .	food	negative
great romantic ambiance .	ambiance	positive
from fun margarita glasses , elegant wine glasses , and even some shot sets .	margarita glasses	positive
from fun margarita glasses , elegant wine glasses , and even some shot sets .	wine glasses	positive
from fun margarita glasses , elegant wine glasses , and even some shot sets .	shot sets	positive
the staff at this place is super nice and extremely accommodating .	staff	positive
nice little patio , awesome brisket !	patio	positive
nice little patio , awesome brisket !	brisket	positive
depending on time of year she makes the most incredible avocado ice cream .	avocado ice cream	positive
it 's worth the wait .	wait	positive
the staff was very friendly and helpful .	staff	positive
more then half the washing machines were out of order .	washing machines	negative
do not get your tattoos done here if you know what good tattoos are .	tattoos	negative
do not get your tattoos done here if you know what good tattoos are .	tattoos	negative
i really like the location .	location	positive
i called and asked them to do so , housekeeping told me yes .	housekeeping	positive
i was excited to check this place out .	place	positive
i tried paying with my debit card and unfortunately it was declined .	debit card	negative
most of all , they have amazing service , friendly servers and staff .	service	positive
most of all , they have amazing service , friendly servers and staff .	servers	positive
most of all , they have amazing service , friendly servers and staff .	staff	positive
it was really good , the corn patty underneath was a great surprise .	corn patty	positive
i 've eaten here a couple times and have enjoyed the food .	food	positive
love , love , love this place !	place	positive
unfortunately , the burger i received was cooked to medium .	burger	negative
avoid at all costs .	costs	positive
not a good place for kids .	place	negative
fun place !	place	positive
awesome show and venue !	show	positive
awesome show and venue !	venue	positive
i wish everyone loved their job as much as he does !	job	positive
the finest doctor i have been to in decades .	doctor	positive
everyone was very nice .	everyone	positive
great atmosphere and really laid back .	atmosphere	positive
great bagels !	bagels	positive
stale bread with stale toppings .	bread	negative
the food , however , had way too much salt on it .	food	negative
the food is great .	food	positive
i went to this car wash and they forced my automatic doors open .	car wash	negative
you can get freshly made tortillas and the best breakfast burritos in town .	tortillas	positive
you can get freshly made tortillas and the best breakfast burritos in town .	breakfast burritos	positive
good food , good music , great atmosphere !	food	positive
good food , good music , great atmosphere !	music	positive
good food , good music , great atmosphere !	atmosphere	positive
if you 're a fan of ice cream , this place is a must !	ice cream	positive
charlie and his crew provide excellent customer and car service !	customer	positive
charlie and his crew provide excellent customer and car service !	service	positive
it 's not that difficult to serve ice cream and chicken fingers .	ice cream	negative
it 's not that difficult to serve ice cream and chicken fingers .	chicken fingers	negative
amazing pizza , quality food .	pizza	positive
amazing pizza , quality food .	food	positive
great staff !	staff	positive
great cocktails !	cocktails	positive
this place is expensive , but worth it .	place	negative
see why they cater to bus tours , probably only thing keeping them open !	bus tours	negative
service was lacking and had to wait another _num_ mins to get our drinks .	service	negative
service was lacking and had to wait another _num_ mins to get our drinks .	drinks	negative
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .	imports	positive
what a wonderful restaurant .	restaurant	positive
would rather support them than buy a donut at safeway !	donut	negative
the food is always good and consistently on point .	food	positive
by far the most amazing people i could ever wish for .	people	positive
great food .	food	positive
bringing in a new washed up dj wo n't save them .	dj	negative
tried this local restaurant soon after moving into the neighborhood and was pleasantly surprised .	restaurant	positive
the staff is great and pays attention .	staff	positive
no extra caramel !	caramel	negative
its hot , dirty , the bathroom situation is a disaster .	bathroom situation	negative
good for small groups and sunday morning football .	sunday morning football	positive
we would n't go back to this place .	place	negative
scottsdale veterinary clinic is the best place to take your canine kiddos !	veterinary clinic	positive
scottsdale veterinary clinic is the best place to take your canine kiddos !	canine kiddos	positive
falafel was not very good .	falafel	negative
- good prices .	prices	positive
service is quick and friendly .	service	positive
he then takes me menu right off my hands .	menu	positive
my green peppercorn calamari and shrimp was amazing .	green peppercorn calamari and shrimp	positive
from atmosphere to great food .	atmosphere	positive
from atmosphere to great food .	food	positive
great location !	location	positive
i wo n't be back ... mcdonalds right down the road from me !	mcdonalds	negative
so this would be $ _num_ for the family .	family	positive
this place is beautiful inside and very spacious .	place	positive
fish tacos out of this world and lupe 's enchiladas also superb .	fish tacos	positive
fish tacos out of this world and lupe 's enchiladas also superb .	lupe	positive
the food is just as beautiful as the scenery .	food	positive
the food is just as beautiful as the scenery .	scenery	positive
good breakfast .	breakfast	positive
really great service and relaxing atmosphere .	service	positive
really great service and relaxing atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
waiting tables and cooking .	waiting tables	negative
waiting tables and cooking .	cooking	positive
they know how to make it all come together and your child will shine .	child	positive
happy eating !	eating	positive
we 'll definitely be back for future bike needs !	bike	positive
the employees are very nice as well , great customer service .	employees	positive
the employees are very nice as well , great customer service .	customer service	positive
the service was friendly and prompt .	service	positive
love this place !	place	positive
great food , lots of variety and i love the ambience .	food	positive
great food , lots of variety and i love the ambience .	ambience	positive
and almost _num_ bucks for ice tea ?	ice tea	positive
just excellent food !	food	positive
i would not recommend anyone taking their pets here .	pets	negative
the guys who greet you are horribly obnoxious and pushy .	guys	negative
this is an amazing place to take your pet !	place	positive
this is an amazing place to take your pet !	pet	positive
this is a great bar .	bar	positive
the italian beef sandwich was pretty weak .	italian beef sandwich	negative
they 're really expensive and do n't even come with any sides .	sides	negative
nice menu , quality food , friendly service and a solid happy hour .	menu	positive
nice menu , quality food , friendly service and a solid happy hour .	quality food	positive
nice menu , quality food , friendly service and a solid happy hour .	service	positive
the service was quick and very friendly .	service	positive
such a great place love taking the entire family here !	place	positive
the refried beans were runny and the rice was n't very good .	refried beans	negative
the refried beans were runny and the rice was n't very good .	rice	negative
all in all , a great place to shop .	place	positive
she 's knowledgeable , patient , and actually listens to what her customers want .	customers	positive
i am a mac user and so are a million other people .	mac	positive
maria went so hard even though i was telling her it hurt .	maria	negative
a great family dance place .	family dance place	positive
worst sonic i 've been to .	sonic	negative
the lady at the front desk was really sarcastic and rude to me .	lady	negative
thanks for making my day ... .	day	positive
very friendly service .	service	positive
prices are good , they 're fast and very good .	prices	positive
my favorite local pizza place !	pizza	positive
really hate this place first your have to fight your way through there .	place	negative
great prices !	prices	positive
the other main problem is that most of the people here are older .	people	negative
we spoke with the manager _num_ minutes before arriving and all was well .	manager	positive
my car likes this gas station .	gas station	positive
i highly recommend this vet !	vet	positive
seriously the nicest staff ever .	staff	positive
the buffalo carpaccio here is amazing .	buffalo carpaccio	positive
bad business .	business	negative
these guys are the best !	guys	positive
we were both very happy with the food and service .	food	positive
we were both very happy with the food and service .	service	positive
if i do n't then i get dry burned ham .	ham	negative
would n't mind paying price if food was worth it , but not .	price	negative
would n't mind paying price if food was worth it , but not .	food	negative
truly a 5-star venue .	venue	positive
the service is amazing !	service	positive
showed up to pick up dress on friday morning and not done .	dress	negative
really cool environment to hang out with friends .	environment	positive
definitely recommend this place .	place	positive
i have never been so happy with both my cut and color before .	cut	positive
i have never been so happy with both my cut and color before .	color	positive
always the same great food and service !	food	positive
always the same great food and service !	service	positive
no outside drinks allowed in .	drinks	negative
the alcohol section is large which is useful for a party .	alcohol section	positive
terrible service is restaurants .	service	negative
the bar itself is n't very appealing .	bar	negative
the carpets are worn , etc .	carpets	positive
the food was good as well .	food	positive
the visit cost me $ _num_ .	visit	positive
a nice portion for a nice price .	portion	positive
a nice portion for a nice price .	price	positive
fantastic mothers day brunch , nice rooms , great pool .	rooms	positive
fantastic mothers day brunch , nice rooms , great pool .	pool	positive
i will not be attending this zipps in the near future .	zipps	negative
we tried this place based on the reviews and were very disappointed .	place	negative
the steam option is nice for health conscious .	steam option	positive
love this place for a casual lunch .	lunch	positive
friendly environment .	environment	positive
had the salad with shredded beef and was really tasty .	salad with shredded beef	positive
coffee was delicious .	coffee	positive
ordered the rib tip appetizers with hot bbq sauce .	rib tip appetizers	positive
have they contacted me about the higher price i paid for extra service ?	price	negative
have they contacted me about the higher price i paid for extra service ?	service	negative
very reasonable price as well .	price	positive
third time back here service was horrible .	service	negative
visited my sister in phx last week and had a taste for wings .	wings	positive
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	color	positive
my wife had some turtle soup which was unique and tasty .	turtle soup	positive
the sesame chicken was all batter .	sesame chicken	positive
wonderful store !	store	positive
the chowder was n't very tasteful it very bland .	chowder	negative
our server was one of the worst i have ever experienced .	server	negative
no taste no flavor to the meat .	meat	negative
great service and awesome location .	service	positive
great service and awesome location .	location	positive
it 's a good place to go for a day .	place	positive
nobody has that consistency !	consistency	negative
eggs were undercooked and the sauce was thin and tasteless .	eggs	negative
eggs were undercooked and the sauce was thin and tasteless .	sauce	negative
a cozy , friendly place with lovely , warm service .	place	positive
a cozy , friendly place with lovely , warm service .	service	positive
we ordered the _num_ egg , bacon , toast that came with fruit .	_num_ egg , bacon , toast	positive
we ordered the _num_ egg , bacon , toast that came with fruit .	fruit	positive
wonderful lunch at ciao !	lunch	positive
when i walked into vision quest , i was greeted by .	vision	positive
service is quick and friendly always .	service	positive
great german atmosphere and real good food .	german atmosphere	positive
great german atmosphere and real good food .	food	positive
thanks for giving me a great time for a good price !	price	positive
excellent pizza .	pizza	positive
we went in and the place was cute and totally empty .	place	positive
always a favorite place at downtown scottsdale .	place	positive
debbie and victor are great to work with they are very nice and friendly .	victor	positive
as for me this seems like a fun place to spend a lazy afternoon .	place	positive
service is always very friendly and fast .	service	positive
love venezia 's , especially this location .	venezia	positive
love venezia 's , especially this location .	location	positive
first time trying this place , never again will i give then my business .	place	positive
no hand washing or food service gloves .	hand washing	negative
no hand washing or food service gloves .	food service gloves	negative
my experience here was so disappointing .	experience	negative
jeff did a great job on our rugs and carpets .	rugs	positive
jeff did a great job on our rugs and carpets .	carpets	positive
the best bar in town .	bar	positive
the plus side is that i was offered new wings free of charge .	wings	positive
i love bandera .	bandera	positive
this place is awesome .	place	positive
no sides ?	sides	negative
nice restaurant .	restaurant	positive
this is our new favorite italian place !	italian place	positive
my lemonade was not refilled the entire time .	lemonade	negative
supporting live comedy is what we do !	live comedy	positive
beautiful pool and workout facilities .	pool	positive
beautiful pool and workout facilities .	workout facilities	positive
he 's really helped me and my business out by doing so .	business	positive
amazing food and pastries .	food	positive
amazing food and pastries .	pastries	positive
the food was absolutely wonderful .	food	positive
i had the best pork belly here ever !	pork belly	positive
staff is pretty nice , as they greeted me from the kitchen .	staff	positive
soup is good too .	soup	positive
the bathrooms have seen some updating but not to the standards seen at sanctuary .	bathrooms	positive
for me , the pho was nasty .	pho	negative
the staff is very friendly and helpful and the store in always clean .	staff	positive
the staff is very friendly and helpful and the store in always clean .	store	positive
again , gross .	gross	positive
we had the # _num_ persian platter and it was great .	# _num_ persian platter	positive
they lost my clothes after i confirmed they had them .	clothes	negative
then i made the mistake of drinking the latte .	latte	negative
i hate writing bad reviews , but this place missed the mark several times .	place	negative
i enjoyed my lunch here very much .	lunch	positive
love this place !	place	positive
staff was friendly , enjoyable to be there .	staff	positive
great staff great prices as always , thanks !	staff	positive
great staff great prices as always , thanks !	prices	positive
drinks were sub par at best .	drinks	negative
the dermatologist gave a wrong diagnosis for my other dog .	dermatologist	negative
happy hour is good , always get cheaper rolls .	rolls	positive
small place with _num_ small tables in a strip mall location .	place	negative
small place with _num_ small tables in a strip mall location .	tables	negative
i love greg .	greg	positive
great selection , great service , great experience .	selection	positive
great selection , great service , great experience .	service	positive
i never received such a horrible pedicure in my life .	pedicure	negative
our waiter was nice and attentive .	waiter	positive
my lunch overall , was just so-so .	lunch	positive
love this place !	place	positive
he may know his stuff , but customer service sucks .	customer service	negative
also , the individual pricing convention is lame .	individual pricing convention	negative
there was a $ _num_ delivery fee !	delivery fee	negative
great place with great wine .	place	positive
great place with great wine .	wine	positive
anyway , the sushi is very good and the price is reasonable .	sushi	positive
anyway , the sushi is very good and the price is reasonable .	price	positive
the food was so amazing too , the specials are always delicious as well .	food	positive
the food was so amazing too , the specials are always delicious as well .	specials	positive
after all , i do love the rewards !	rewards	positive
the food is always amazing and hot .	food	positive
equipment looks outdated as well .	equipment	negative
great service , and good prices .	service	positive
great service , and good prices .	prices	positive
my first time using dodge electric and more than good experience .	dodge electric	positive
breakfast burritos are amazing as well .	breakfast burritos	positive
i will never waste my money going back there .	money	positive
wonderful place !	place	positive
perfect for hot summer days !	summer days	positive
it is unfortunate because the food is great .	food	positive
do n't waste your time and money .	money	positive
a wonderful neighborhood sushi joint .	neighborhood sushi joint	positive
service was also pretty awesome .	service	positive
no grease - just good flavor !	grease	negative
no grease - just good flavor !	flavor	positive
the only plus was that they were not strips .	strips	negative
the crew is fun , helpful and great company .	crew	positive
the beer prices are good , and i reasonable .	beer prices	positive
food was fresh and amazing and they had very personable service .	food	positive
food was fresh and amazing and they had very personable service .	service	positive
$ _num_ later and i 'm still craving pho .	pho	positive
at least one of them was trying to help a customer .	customer	negative
good food .	food	positive
it seems like a hit or miss kinda restaurant .	restaurant	negative
best new york style in scottsdale and always my goto place for the price .	price	positive
man , this pizza was spot on ny style .	pizza	positive
it 's got a good chorizo breakfast burrito .	chorizo breakfast burrito	positive
it truly is a great friendly experience and the food does n't disappoint !	food	positive
also , they lied about 24/7 security .	security	negative
i heard good things about this place , but was terribly disappointed .	place	negative
my wife ordered the chile relleno , all beans , no rice .	chile relleno	negative
my wife ordered the chile relleno , all beans , no rice .	beans , no rice	negative
this restaurant has and always will be my favorite .	restaurant	positive
low and behold our card was charged by bosa .	card	negative
my style .	style	positive
buy more blueberries or make less .	blueberries	negative
you get one parking per apartment and thats like _num_ spots from your apt .	parking	negative
i ca n't express how much i hate the marquee !	marquee	negative
the service is great and again , consistent .	service	positive
the menu is small , but terrific .	menu	negative
amazing bacon and brie omelet ... the bacon is still on my mind !	bacon	positive
amazing bacon and brie omelet ... the bacon is still on my mind !	brie omelet	positive
if you are one that enjoys farmers markets , you will love this place !	farmers markets	positive
if you are one that enjoys farmers markets , you will love this place !	place	positive
the price was very reasonable .	price	positive
first and foremost ; the service sucked .	service	negative
i think the food was reasonably priced and the service size very generous .	food	positive
i think the food was reasonably priced and the service size very generous .	priced	positive
i think the food was reasonably priced and the service size very generous .	service size	positive
she has since been replaced with another receptionist .	receptionist	negative
i am sorry for the harsh review but it was really that bad .	review	negative
i 've tried to dine at this place on _num_ separate occasions .	place	negative
great deals and you never know what you might find .	deals	positive
i have had breakfast and also have had dinner and it was just awful .	breakfast	negative
i have had breakfast and also have had dinner and it was just awful .	dinner	negative
i am on the vip member list and sometimes get offered free tickets .	vip member list	positive
i am on the vip member list and sometimes get offered free tickets .	tickets	positive
after the staff member left , i went to the counter .	staff member	negative
after the staff member left , i went to the counter .	counter	negative
whatever you do do not do business with this establishment !	establishment	negative
i returned it and ordered the chicken pasta .	chicken pasta	positive
overpriced food and not that tasty .	food	negative
not a conversation i would have with customers around .	customers	negative
spa treatment was outstanding .	spa treatment	positive
this place was nasty dirty ; machines filthy .	place	negative
this place was nasty dirty ; machines filthy .	machines	negative
cool treasure , kind of hidden in downtown chandler .	treasure	positive
the lo mein was the same way and my wife could n't eat it .	lo mein	negative
love all the tv 's .	tv	positive
greatest gyros in town !	gyros	positive
house of trash .	house	negative
paradise valley florist is very professional , punctual on time , and reasonably priced .	priced	positive
it was a very interesting trip , enjoyable cruise .	cruise	positive
i highly recommend their fish tacos !	fish tacos	positive
a few great pieces and very reasonable prices .	pieces	positive
a few great pieces and very reasonable prices .	prices	positive
phil was great !	phil	positive
huge portion sizes .	portion sizes	positive
the scenery was nice .	scenery	positive
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	bar	negative
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	reservations	negative
kona grill at fashion square is my favorite location .	location	positive
i 'm not sure it contained any tequila .	tequila	negative
$ _num_ for a burrito the size of a mini taco .	burrito	positive
$ _num_ for a burrito the size of a mini taco .	mini taco	positive
sitting here now , and getting a pedicure with my sister and my mom .	pedicure	positive
waited _num_ more day then called the store .	waited	negative
( never mind the mediocre food ... . )	food	negative
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	ceiling air conditioner	negative
this place is crazy good .	place	positive
if you order call vodka they add $ _num_ to your bill .	vodka	negative
if you order call vodka they add $ _num_ to your bill .	bill	negative
service was slow , and the server had a slight attitude the entire night .	service	negative
service was slow , and the server had a slight attitude the entire night .	server	negative
the owners are always so sweet to our family .	owners	positive
real midwest style service and quality !	service	positive
real midwest style service and quality !	quality	positive
we have found our favorite place to dine .	place	positive
it all taste like chicken and gravy .	chicken and gravy	positive
the place is very homey and cute .	place	positive
starting july 1st alcohol will not be allowed in the pool area .	alcohol	negative
starting july 1st alcohol will not be allowed in the pool area .	pool area	negative
i 've also never left a poor tip either , until now .	tip	positive
now they have lost a customer to save themselves $ _num_ .	customer	negative
good music and cold beer .	music	positive
good music and cold beer .	cold beer	positive
best filet and steak salad .	filet	positive
best filet and steak salad .	steak salad	positive
chips and salsa not complimentary .	chips	negative
words can not even begin to describe how truly amazingly delicious the food is .	food	positive
went in for lunch with a friend , had great service and great food .	service	positive
went in for lunch with a friend , had great service and great food .	food	positive
awesome service from chris in the service department .	service	positive
awesome service from chris in the service department .	service	positive
great sandwiches , tasty , fresh & fun !	sandwiches	positive
the food is n't that good to go through all of this hassle .	food	negative
but if it was , it was watered down with sour cream .	sour cream	negative
the customer service was the best i 've seen in a long time .	customer service	positive
the food is ok but not anything to get excited about .	food	negative
everything was bland and fries were undercooked .	fries	negative
the sound quality was poor even though they supposedly upgraded the system .	sound quality	negative
allen took great care of me when i had a dead battery !	battery	positive
first time ever to pane e vino and it exceeded all our expectations !	pane e vino	positive
super pleasant staff and a cute atmosphere made this place a winner .	staff	positive
super pleasant staff and a cute atmosphere made this place a winner .	atmosphere	positive
he 's rude and ca n't cut hair well at all .	ca	negative
the owner greeted us immediately & was super friendly .	owner	positive
the couple that owns it is super nice .	couple	positive
they also have really good prices on boxes of citrus .	prices	positive
they also have really good prices on boxes of citrus .	boxes of citrus	positive
all of the food is made from scratch and absolutely delicious .	food	positive
our server has absolutely been the best server we 've ever had !	server	positive
our server has absolutely been the best server we 've ever had !	server	positive
great service great food.	service	positive
great service great food.	food.	positive
since this place is right by place i go here often .	place	positive
since this place is right by place i go here often .	place	positive
it 's full of sports memorabilia , nearly covering every wall and ceiling .	sports memorabilia	positive
it 's full of sports memorabilia , nearly covering every wall and ceiling .	ceiling	positive
love this place and we will be back .	place	positive
overall a nice hotel with a great location and very responsive staff .	hotel	positive
overall a nice hotel with a great location and very responsive staff .	location	positive
overall a nice hotel with a great location and very responsive staff .	staff	positive
probably the best pizza place in town .	pizza place	positive
they pushed away a customer .	customer	negative
really not impressed really not happy with the lack of customer service .	customer service	negative
cheese board looked fantastic .	cheese board	positive
what a treasure we happened to find !	treasure	positive
the quality of food is not the issue .	quality of food	positive
this is a real treat !	treat	positive
great executive course right in the heart of scottsdale .	executive course	positive
the bread always comes out nice and hot .	bread	positive
the food is always good .	food	positive
grandma is rude .	grandma	negative
great prices .	prices	positive
they make some amazing food !	food	positive
so is the hummus plate both very filling & yummy !	hummus plate	positive
this place never changes , which is good .	place	positive
the food is legit and the wine is good .	food	positive
the food is legit and the wine is good .	wine	positive
i was referred to this office by a friend and will always be thankful !	office	positive
the price is reasonable .	price	positive
the setting is beautiful and the course is a challenge , i recommend it .	setting	positive
the setting is beautiful and the course is a challenge , i recommend it .	course	positive
$ _num_ plus a plate and we wrap our own leftovers ?	plate	positive
$ _num_ plus a plate and we wrap our own leftovers ?	leftovers	positive
love the pizza .	pizza	positive
just got a new water heater .	water heater	positive
its ironic that the most convenient gym in phoenix is the worst .	gym	negative
our server must have been having a bad day or something .	server	negative
round _num_ - restaurant week again !	round _num_	positive
round _num_ - restaurant week again !	restaurant	positive
the guacamole was bad .	guacamole	negative
waited _num_ mins .	waited	negative
just got off the phone with these people - john the owner .	owner	negative
the people making the sandwiches were inept .	people	negative
the people making the sandwiches were inept .	sandwiches	negative
the mix of people is really odd and kinda creepy .	mix of people	negative
will not be coming back to this location .	location	negative
if you visit , have a drink , late night bar hop and enjoy .	drink	positive
if you visit , have a drink , late night bar hop and enjoy .	bar	positive
my favorite italian in phoenix/scottsdale area .	italian	positive
he is a kind doctor but the procedure went horribly wrong .	procedure	negative
great food and the hottest hostesses in all of scottsdale .	food	positive
great food and the hottest hostesses in all of scottsdale .	hostesses	positive
this place is amazing !	place	positive
the food is delicious .	food	positive
the girl next to me was sure enjoying hers .	girl	positive
in these times it is not a good idea to treat customers this way .	customers	negative
like seriously , $ _num_ for fettuccine alfredo ?	fettuccine alfredo	positive
the owner is very friendly and personable .	owner	positive
overall experience was good and the food is always worth the wait .	food	positive
overall experience was good and the food is always worth the wait .	wait	positive
this range is awesome .	range	positive
great food ! ''	food	positive
good food all the time .	food	positive
we ended up staying , only because the kids were hungry .	kids	negative
china wok is getting _num_ star simply because of extremely poor service .	service	negative
table near us complained numerous times over less than desirable service .	service	negative
had the best haircut i 've ever had .	haircut	positive
this place is ridiculously good .	place	positive
overall really good meal and i 'll most likely be back sometime relatively soon .	meal	positive
not appetizing at all , pushed it all to the side .	appetizing	negative
wow i really wish i could give this place _num_ stars .	place	positive
the service was terrible , and it was n't that busy .	service	negative
my fianc surprised me with a date night here .	fianc	positive
as usual a comfortable atmosphere , good service & always a good time !	atmosphere	positive
as usual a comfortable atmosphere , good service & always a good time !	service	positive
portions are good and the price is right .	portions	positive
portions are good and the price is right .	price	positive
the food was ok , nothing special .	food	negative
the owners are very friendly .	owners	positive
absolute garbage we went to grab a quick dinner the other night .	dinner	negative
clean , great service and family atmosphere .	service	positive
clean , great service and family atmosphere .	family atmosphere	positive
not only is the food horrible , it 's dirty and service sucks .	food	negative
not only is the food horrible , it 's dirty and service sucks .	service	negative
both were good , the bbq sauce is awesome !	bbq sauce	positive
the staff , including the delivery team is incredibly friendly and always smiling .	staff	positive
the staff , including the delivery team is incredibly friendly and always smiling .	delivery team	positive
i would not recommend this dr. or this facility !	dr.	negative
i would not recommend this dr. or this facility !	facility	negative
the pizza is pricier than many places but worth every penny .	pizza	positive
the services they provide are pathetic .	services	negative
i asked so is it americanized mexican food ?	mexican food	negative
i love china wok !	china wok	positive
very well made and the burrito holds until the last bite .	burrito	positive
the chips are usually a bit stale .	chips	negative
the kee roll is my favorite roll but they are all amazing !	kee roll	positive
the kee roll is my favorite roll but they are all amazing !	roll	positive
thanks to the staff !	staff	positive
i highly recommend seeing her for your next hair need .	hair	positive
there were several slices that were not worth eating !	slices	negative
when questioned , the employee was incredible rude to us .	employee	negative
there was no cheese , lettuce or anything else on the tacos .	cheese	negative
there was no cheese , lettuce or anything else on the tacos .	lettuce	negative
i have never in my life seen a sushi restaurant charge for wasabi .	sushi	positive
_num_ stars was only given for food .	food	positive
food was not that good .	food	negative
i quickly got up and located my waiter notified him of what had happened .	waiter	positive
not the greatest cocktails but they were tasty .	cocktails	negative
i like the happy hour specials , especially on a sunday .	happy hour specials	positive
super friendly and knows a thing or two about customer service .	customer service	positive
consistent in the their taste and freshness .	their taste	positive
great prices .	prices	positive
it 's been very comforting to have my animals in their care .	animals	positive
nothing covered under warranty ... $ _num_ .	warranty	negative
sauce was horrible and the steak did n't have a great flavor !	sauce	negative
sauce was horrible and the steak did n't have a great flavor !	steak	negative
i love this restaurant !	restaurant	positive
_num_ slices and tap water for $ _num_ w tax .	tap water	positive
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	pad thai	positive
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce	positive
fresh vegetables , crisp crust and well-seasoned sauce .	fresh vegetables	positive
fresh vegetables , crisp crust and well-seasoned sauce .	crisp crust	positive
fresh vegetables , crisp crust and well-seasoned sauce .	sauce	positive
hookah is really fun too !	hookah	positive
the food is mediocre and the atmosphere quite blah .	food	negative
the food is mediocre and the atmosphere quite blah .	atmosphere	negative
it 's a very fun space with a lot of talent .	space	positive
we love our carpets .	carpets	positive
service is usually good .	service	positive
not even diet pepsi .	diet pepsi	negative
julie was our personal attendant and she was great .	personal attendant	positive
it is pricey for the place and the service was not that great .	place	negative
it is pricey for the place and the service was not that great .	service	negative
the kicker is not only is it overpriced , it 's not even good .	kicker	negative
jennifer was absolutely amazing !	jennifer	positive
best breakfast i ever had !	breakfast	positive
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	lunch specials	positive
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	staff	positive
perfect atmosphere , great patio , impeccable service , and wonderful food .	atmosphere	positive
perfect atmosphere , great patio , impeccable service , and wonderful food .	patio	positive
perfect atmosphere , great patio , impeccable service , and wonderful food .	service	positive
perfect atmosphere , great patio , impeccable service , and wonderful food .	food	positive
seriously a limit of three ?	limit	negative
great baseball memorabilia throughout the restaurant and bar , very impressive .	baseball memorabilia	positive
great baseball memorabilia throughout the restaurant and bar , very impressive .	bar	positive
they also have a wide selection of exotic beer for sale .	exotic beer	positive
the staff is rude .	staff	negative
the food was overpriced for the quality and terrible .	food	negative
the food was overpriced for the quality and terrible .	quality	negative
food is always hot .	food	positive
the food , atmosphere and service are all top notch .	food	positive
the food , atmosphere and service are all top notch .	atmosphere	positive
the food , atmosphere and service are all top notch .	service	positive
one of the best burrito places in the valley .	burrito places	positive
staff was very attentive and helpful .	staff	positive
do n't come here for the food .	food	negative
i loved this place .	place	positive
place needs some tlc .	place	negative
place needs some tlc .	tlc	positive
the waitress who has been there _num_ years got a $ _num_ tip .	waitress	positive
oh , the salad bar is pretty good too .	salad bar	positive
she got me in for the appointment the same day !	appointment	positive
emergency and needed to get my tenant a working toilet .	tenant	negative
emergency and needed to get my tenant a working toilet .	toilet	negative
i left the place unsatisfied and kinda hungry .	place	negative
the salmon was fantastic .	salmon	positive
i liked knowledgeable staff and selection .	staff	positive
i liked knowledgeable staff and selection .	selection	positive
she was just letting this poor girl handle all the orders and food herself .	orders	negative
she was just letting this poor girl handle all the orders and food herself .	food	negative
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .	priced	positive
still no chips and salsa .	chips and salsa	negative
service was good , loved the environment and setting .	service	positive
service was good , loved the environment and setting .	environment	positive
service was good , loved the environment and setting .	setting	positive
i love the location and staff !	location	positive
i love the location and staff !	staff	positive
the reviews i read did not describe the food i ate .	food	negative
great selection at very reasonable prices .	selection	positive
great selection at very reasonable prices .	prices	positive
yeah ... except for the $ _num_ worth of bull on the sticker price .	bull	negative
yeah ... except for the $ _num_ worth of bull on the sticker price .	price	negative
great selection and rental program is great .	selection	positive
great selection and rental program is great .	rental program	positive
very small but cute amusement park for the little ones .	amusement park	positive
the appliances are sub-par .	appliances	negative
i recommend the jalapeo chips .	jalapeo chips	positive
the sushi here kicks ass !	sushi	positive
completely forgettable mexican food .	mexican food	negative
drive over to new mexico to get proper chile verde .	chile verde	positive
hands down best place ever !	place	positive
this is really as good as it gets - consistently great quality .	quality	positive
happy owner .	owner	positive
there was plenty of room and no line .	room	positive
there was plenty of room and no line .	line	negative
the staff was friendly and the food was tasty .	staff	positive
the staff was friendly and the food was tasty .	food	positive
i had booked the room online months before for several hundred dollars .	room	positive
great treats !	treats	positive
as fresh as it gets , straight from the deli .	deli	positive
although my plate was full , my boyfriends portion of fish was small .	plate	negative
although my plate was full , my boyfriends portion of fish was small .	portion of fish	negative
ordered a pizza last night from these clowns .	pizza	negative
there is n't a single reason to settle for horrible service .	service	negative
happy dining !	dining	positive
best dry cleaners in scottsdale .	dry cleaners	positive
great selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	selection	positive
great selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	staff	positive
this is our local bagel supply house .	bagel supply	positive
for the quality of the food , it 's way over priced .	quality of the food	negative
my custard bun was pretty lackluster .	custard bun	negative
the british open is our neighborhood bar .	british open	positive
the british open is our neighborhood bar .	bar	positive
if you like spicy food i 'd highly recommend trying the # _num_ .	spicy food	positive
if you like spicy food i 'd highly recommend trying the # _num_ .	#	positive
on top of good food , the atmosphere is cool too .	food	positive
on top of good food , the atmosphere is cool too .	atmosphere	positive
the sauce is perfect and its just the right amount of cheese as well !	sauce	positive
the sauce is perfect and its just the right amount of cheese as well !	cheese	positive
any time of the day or day of the week , great service .	service	positive
the fries were n't great either .	fries	negative
the green chile pork , incredible .	green chile pork	positive
the service is great and our server helped guide us with our choices .	service	positive
the service is great and our server helped guide us with our choices .	server	positive
it 's a great concoction you will love to kick things up .	concoction	positive
their customer service is amazing .	customer service	positive
pretty fun spot .	spot	positive
then it took forever to get my check .	check	negative
quaint and quiet atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
decent food , wait staff is friendly .	food	positive
decent food , wait staff is friendly .	wait staff	positive
the salmon was fresh but bland .	salmon	negative
this place is fantastic , they have the best burger anywhere !	burger	positive
the next morning i went to the gym .	gym	positive
the bakery pastries are great .	bakery pastries	positive
this is our first time with amazing carpet and i could n't be happier .	carpet	positive
we had already consumed two margaritas each , and did n't want another one .	margaritas	negative
no service !	service	negative
i 've been wanting to try this place out for well over a year .	place	positive
nothing but issues and my door is n't even installed yet !	door	negative
i would not trust this company ever again .	company	negative
a good trust worthy spot for a home cooked breakfast .	spot	positive
a good trust worthy spot for a home cooked breakfast .	breakfast	positive
the meat dept always has good prices .	meat dept	positive
the meat dept always has good prices .	prices	positive
kenny the owner is always there and very sweet .	owner	positive
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	atmosphere	positive
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	sugar bowl	positive
probably could 've gotten a free meal out of it , but oh well .	meal	negative
while the service was just okay , the food was just terrible .	service	positive
while the service was just okay , the food was just terrible .	food	negative
the lunch portions are huge and the food is delicious .	lunch portions	positive
the lunch portions are huge and the food is delicious .	food	positive
great food and service .	food	positive
great food and service .	service	positive
strike _num_ .	strike	positive
i guarantee that you 'll love anything thats on the menu .	menu	positive
i love this place .	place	positive
my husband and i came here for lunch and had a very nice experience .	lunch	positive
slow service .	service	negative
this place was just ok.	place	negative
good friendly service and a truly arizona vibe .	service	positive
good friendly service and a truly arizona vibe .	vibe	positive
the food was great and our server kelly was simply the best .	food	positive
the food was great and our server kelly was simply the best .	server kelly	positive
we had table of _num_ total and it was perfect and reasonably priced too .	table of _num_ total	positive
we had table of _num_ total and it was perfect and reasonably priced too .	priced	positive
frank and lupe 's is classic old town .	lupe	positive
the bouncers were really cool to us .	bouncers	positive
the fresh basil , butter and onion they serve with their pita is delicious .	fresh basil , butter and onion	positive
the fresh basil , butter and onion they serve with their pita is delicious .	pita	positive
my favorite thing to order at the village tavern is the cowboy burger .	cowboy burger	positive
the happy hour here is awesome .	hour	positive
so just on customer service alone i 'm a fan of this place !	customer service	positive
except for the artificial nacho cheese sauce perhaps .	artificial nacho cheese sauce	negative
great drinks and great service too !	drinks	positive
great drinks and great service too !	service	positive
the venue is absolutely beautiful , the service and food were phenomenal .	venue	positive
the venue is absolutely beautiful , the service and food were phenomenal .	service	positive
the venue is absolutely beautiful , the service and food were phenomenal .	food	positive
it is an experience to just hang around the property .	property	positive
very good steak .	steak	positive
lady runs a 3rd party dmv with her dog which is extremely aggressive !	lady	positive
lady runs a 3rd party dmv with her dog which is extremely aggressive !	3rd	positive
lady runs a 3rd party dmv with her dog which is extremely aggressive !	dmv	positive
lady runs a 3rd party dmv with her dog which is extremely aggressive !	dog	positive
great atmospher for scottsdale totally chill , no heels needed !	atmospher	positive
trendy clothes with an attentive and friendly staff !	clothes	positive
trendy clothes with an attentive and friendly staff !	staff	positive
great buns .	buns	positive
yeah , i am a fan of kmart !	kmart	positive
about _num_ % of the time , my directions were n't followed .	directions	negative
beautiful venue for your wedding and party needs .	venue	positive
the service part person was rude and had a bad attitude .	service part person	negative
great service and great food !	service	positive
great service and great food !	food	positive
do not give them your money .	money	negative
excellent service , hostess extremely organized , great value and a great menu .	service	positive
excellent service , hostess extremely organized , great value and a great menu .	hostess	positive
excellent service , hostess extremely organized , great value and a great menu .	value	positive
excellent service , hostess extremely organized , great value and a great menu .	menu	positive
my wife and i were both satisfied with our meals .	meals	positive
an open mind and no outside food .	food	negative
i am also the proud owner of a piano too !	piano	positive
really great pancakes , burgers , salads and hash !	pancakes	positive
really great pancakes , burgers , salads and hash !	burgers	positive
really great pancakes , burgers , salads and hash !	salads	positive
really great pancakes , burgers , salads and hash !	hash	positive
ruined my carpet .	carpet	negative
this is one of our favorite date night destinations .	destinations	positive
there was not wait whatsoever and the place was packed on a saturday morning .	wait	positive
there was not wait whatsoever and the place was packed on a saturday morning .	place	negative
delicious treats and a very friendly staff .	treats	positive
delicious treats and a very friendly staff .	staff	positive
this drive-thru liquor store has got it right .	drive-thru liquor store	positive
- they added chicken sliders .	chicken sliders	positive
i returned home and a couple of hours later decided to check the repairs .	repairs	positive
maybe i 'm easily pleased , but i love this store .	store	positive
service was great too .	service	positive
i 'm a huge fan of blue adobe , and have been for years .	blue adobe	positive
great meats , bacon , and sausages .	meats	positive
great meats , bacon , and sausages .	bacon	positive
great meats , bacon , and sausages .	sausages	positive
my nail tech was _num_ minutes late .	nail tech	negative
the administration on the other hand , they just want your money .	administration	negative
the administration on the other hand , they just want your money .	money	negative
however , usually , the pad thai is good .	pad thai	positive
i give these baristas _num_ stars - they definitely do their best .	baristas _num_	positive
john , the owner , is incredibly friendly , straight forward and honest .	owner	positive
service was terrific for me .	service	positive
this place is decorated very nicely .	place	positive
the beer in the plastic cups was cold .	beer in the	negative
delicious chicken parm ... we mostly get it for take out .	chicken parm	positive
delicious chicken parm ... we mostly get it for take out .	take out	positive
i understand the cheap labor that is available in arizona but , come on .	labor	positive
everything was a salt bomb .	salt bomb	positive
i 'm so happy i found this place , my favorite thai restaurant ever .	place	positive
great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
i really love their bagels !	bagels	positive
very honest and almost half the price of the other guys !	price	negative
the toiletries they supply are of poor quality .	toiletries	negative
my clothing is always beautifully cleaned and pressed and their prices are quite reasonable .	clothing	positive
my clothing is always beautifully cleaned and pressed and their prices are quite reasonable .	prices	positive
it is made fresh every day and ca n't beat it !	ca	positive
the new pie was better but somewhat watery .	pie	positive
the office manager is incredibly rude .	office manager	negative
poor way to run a restaurant business .	business	negative
i will use this service again in a heartbeat for repairs that matter .	service	negative
cant wait for lease to end .	lease	negative
had an awesome stay !	stay	positive
one of the best gourmet store shopping experiences i have ever had .	gourmet store shopping	positive
both our dinners were bad .	dinners	negative
this place was super cool !	place	positive
everything was expertly cooked and i really enjoyed my lemonade .	lemonade	positive
gorgeous salon and kathy rocks !	salon	positive
great healthy alternative at a great mexican place !	healthy alternative	positive
great healthy alternative at a great mexican place !	mexican place	positive
they are always so nice and never try and talk you into extras .	extras	positive
very good restaurant .	restaurant	positive
can you make sure i get the tab ?	tab	positive
service is always friendly and well paced .	service	positive
also they have lot 's of good drinks like diet .	drinks	positive
also they have lot 's of good drinks like diet .	diet	positive
my stomach was hurting the next few hours because of their food .	food	negative
best italian deli around scottsdale .	italian deli	positive
if you 're looking for a good karaoke bar , i recommend looking elsewhere .	karaoke bar	positive
my husband left after 1pm with a very ugly wedding cake .	wedding cake	negative
this park was very clean , staff friendly and accommodating .	park	positive
this park was very clean , staff friendly and accommodating .	staff	positive
despite the decor , the food was amazing .	decor	positive
despite the decor , the food was amazing .	food	positive
i wandered around for _num_ minutes trying to find a pair of gaming glasses .	gaming glasses	negative
her coloring and cutting is always exactly what i want .	coloring	positive
her coloring and cutting is always exactly what i want .	cutting	positive
love this spa !	spa	positive
first attempt at asian cuisine in phoenix and i thought it was delicious !	asian cuisine	positive
do n't waste your money going to the marquee .	money	positive
do n't waste your money going to the marquee .	marquee	positive
all at a really great price i might add .	price	positive
awesome ingredients , cooked to perfection .	ingredients	positive
the biggest thing that i hate about the hotel is the valet service .	valet service	negative
dont think i will rent from this location again .	location	negative
i took papa to that appointment and was present in the exam room .	exam room	positive
excellent customer service and very customer orientated !	customer service	positive
too bad , was a great place until the beginning of june .	place	positive
prices are reasonable and the parking is plentiful .	prices	positive
prices are reasonable and the parking is plentiful .	parking	positive
we found our new sunday night spot !	sunday	positive
we found our new sunday night spot !	spot	positive
the food is amazing !	food	positive
perfect getaway with your spouse .	spouse	positive
ordered a chai tea latte at barista bar which was very good .	chai tea latte	positive
pulled pork is delicious .	pulled pork	positive
worse place and food ever .	place	negative
worse place and food ever .	food	negative
the food is bursting with flavor and always great with presentation .	food	positive
the food is bursting with flavor and always great with presentation .	flavor	positive
the food is bursting with flavor and always great with presentation .	presentation	positive
the server was very nice and patient with the kids too .	server	positive
the service is atrocious .	service	negative
you are about to find your new chinese food spot ... and bonus !	chinese food spot	positive
their orange chicken and honey garlic chicken are a family favorite .	orange chicken	positive
their orange chicken and honey garlic chicken are a family favorite .	honey garlic chicken	positive
you 'll see this place on the east side of the road .	place	positive
i 'm not into sushi .	sushi	negative
highly recommend this spa .	spa	positive
one gripe i have is that the tables were sticky .	tables	negative
my server did n't really seem to care about my experience either .	server	negative
overall food was amazing , price was worth every penny .	food	positive
overall food was amazing , price was worth every penny .	price	positive
very disappointed in this restaurant .	restaurant	negative
went here friday night for date night .	date	positive
fish tacos are just amazing !	fish tacos	positive
will probably never buy tires from discount tire again .	tires	negative
do not go to cheba hut !	cheba hut	negative
the service is a bit slow , but the wait is worth it .	service	negative
the service is a bit slow , but the wait is worth it .	wait	positive
great buffet and all you can drink champagne for $ _num_ .	buffet	positive
great buffet and all you can drink champagne for $ _num_ .	champagne	positive
highly recommend this place .	place	positive
bathrooms a mess - water all over the floor and trash overflowing .	bathrooms	negative
bathrooms a mess - water all over the floor and trash overflowing .	mess	negative
bathrooms a mess - water all over the floor and trash overflowing .	water	negative
bathrooms a mess - water all over the floor and trash overflowing .	trash	negative
i wo n't be making another appt here .	appt	negative
great persian cousin , high end and classy .	persian cousin	positive
my date 's burrito was about $ _num_ .	date	positive
my date 's burrito was about $ _num_ .	burrito	positive
they use white flour in the rice to keep in from sticking .	white flour	negative
best meal we 've had since we arrived here in scottsdale !	meal	positive
went for lunch at _num_ pm on a thursday .	lunch	positive
that 's all i really know from my end of the table .	table	negative
excellent selection and will definitely keep this place in mind for another special occasion .	selection	positive
the food and service was excellent , well deserved _num_ star rating .	food	positive
the food and service was excellent , well deserved _num_ star rating .	service	positive
excellent service on a friday night .	service	positive
will never do business with discount tire again .	discount tire	negative
not too spicy , but just right .	spicy	negative
for me , bikram is the only thing that has helped with the pain .	bikram	positive
for me , bikram is the only thing that has helped with the pain .	pain	positive
the best , best , best place ever !	place	positive
blech .	blech	positive
we had a pitcher of shock top and a round of shots .	pitcher of shock top	positive
the new owner has an attitude problem .	owner	negative
the staff is friendly and the food is always fresh and tasty as hell .	staff	positive
the staff is friendly and the food is always fresh and tasty as hell .	food	positive
the staff was courteous and the food was fantastic .	staff	positive
the staff was courteous and the food was fantastic .	food	positive
the only cool thing about he place is the patio overlooking mill ave .	patio	positive
great tacos , had both types .	tacos	positive
i plan on getting my legs done next and will definitely do so here .	legs	positive
salty , nasty , yuck .	salty	negative
where 's the keg i 'm used to ?	keg	positive
you come back and now that line is worse .	line	negative
they put in new laundry units and half of them did not work .	laundry units	negative
the food made me sick .	food	negative
definitely a go to place .	place	positive
amazing they remember customers and take care of your concerns !	customers	positive
yeah guys , this is definitely a breakfast spot .	breakfast spot	positive
they are always consistent in their food quality .	food quality	positive
i highly recommend this place for lunch under _num_ ... bathroom was clean too .	lunch	positive
i highly recommend this place for lunch under _num_ ... bathroom was clean too .	bathroom	positive
great atmosphere and pleasant service .	atmosphere	positive
great atmosphere and pleasant service .	service	positive
love this place !	place	positive
it 's a good place for a mimosa and eggs .	mimosa	positive
it 's a good place for a mimosa and eggs .	eggs	positive
great service from great people !	service	positive
the best veterinarian and staff !	veterinarian	positive
the best veterinarian and staff !	staff	positive
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	place	negative
wedge had wilted lettuce , tasteless tomato and the blue cheese had zero flavor .	lettuce	negative
wedge had wilted lettuce , tasteless tomato and the blue cheese had zero flavor .	tomato	negative
wedge had wilted lettuce , tasteless tomato and the blue cheese had zero flavor .	blue cheese	negative
the men did not apply soap properly and did not dry properly .	men	negative
the men did not apply soap properly and did not dry properly .	soap	negative
it has always had an eclectic mix of items .	items	positive
service is always quality and the food is even better .	service	positive
service is always quality and the food is even better .	quality	positive
service is always quality and the food is even better .	food	positive
the customer service and appreciation for our business is always evident .	customer service	positive
and do n't order a cappuccino because it 's definitely asking for too much .	cappuccino	negative
this is a boutique program serving an elite group of families with young children .	program	positive
great prices !	prices	positive
do not go here if your pet has any issue - especially after hours .	pet	negative
this place rocks !	place	positive
the owner judy is so sweet too , great service !	owner	positive
the owner judy is so sweet too , great service !	service	positive
great service .	service	positive
the children 's section in quite large and the staff is always helpful .	children	positive
the children 's section in quite large and the staff is always helpful .	staff	positive
nice people , great service , great food , strong drinks ... .	people	positive
nice people , great service , great food , strong drinks ... .	service	positive
nice people , great service , great food , strong drinks ... .	food	positive
nice people , great service , great food , strong drinks ... .	drinks	positive
when going here for lunch my food was sub-par .	food	negative
nice intimate atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
new menu , which is ugly by the way .	menu	negative
the waitresses look like old ladies barely able to get around .	waitresses	negative
the food was delicious , as we received many compliments from our guests .	food	positive
the noodles , fish , soups are excellent .	noodles	positive
the noodles , fish , soups are excellent .	fish , soups	positive
i have not even seen the facilities !	facilities	positive
- the sushi is too small .	sushi	negative
great service and the food was amazing .	service	positive
great service and the food was amazing .	food	positive
great place to have pizza , really good .	pizza	positive
but the last time i was in and received the worst customer service .	customer service	negative
went to use the restroom , there was no working light in the restroom .	restroom	negative
phil and his team of tailors are by far the best in town .	tailors	positive
the chopped salad and scallops with beet risotto was the best !	chopped salad and scallops with beet risotto	positive
the food was delicious and unpretentious , and we will be back soon .	food	positive
it 's top-notch as far as dives go .	dives	positive
their crust is one of the best , not soggy at all .	crust	positive
even the edamame was so so and that is hard to screw up .	edamame	positive
drinks are well-made and well-priced .	drinks	positive
i do n't really get the crowd here .	crowd	negative
the service was very slow and the waitress was not attentive .	service	negative
the service was very slow and the waitress was not attentive .	waitress	negative
ca n't this conversation wait until you are off work ?	ca	negative
horrible brewery .	brewery	negative
it was the most disgusting place we have been too .	place	negative
sushi was ok , nothing special .	sushi	negative
service was ok , friendly but nothing special .	service	negative
the chips were stale as well .	chips	negative
have had nothing but maintenance and pest problems .	maintenance	negative
have had nothing but maintenance and pest problems .	pest	negative
the rooms were great and tidy .	rooms	positive
i purchased a groupon for a mani pedi and basically just got a mani .	groupon	positive
i purchased a groupon for a mani pedi and basically just got a mani .	mani pedi	negative
salad was wonderful with the house jalapeno ranch dressing .	salad	positive
salad was wonderful with the house jalapeno ranch dressing .	house jalapeno ranch dressing	positive
can be a little pricey but worth it for the high quality .	quality	positive
this place has it together ; service and food .	service	positive
this place has it together ; service and food .	food	positive
amanda in the restuarant was very sweet and quick on the refills .	amanda	positive
good to know that small businesses that are ethical still exist .	businesses	positive
the entire personal are friendly and courteous .	personal	positive
the food was below average and the prices high .	food	negative
the food was below average and the prices high .	prices	negative
this place was fun for my kids .	place	positive
perhaps had i ordered a different entree i would have had a better experience .	entree	negative
great prices .	prices	positive
he says my coolant is low .	coolant	negative
the sangria is phenomenal -- fruity and strong .	sangria	positive
then you can enjoy walking around the canal .	canal	positive
i will not be back to this location .	location	negative
the best persian food in arizona .	persian food	positive
a great place to chill from the summer heat !	place	positive
he is honest , well priced , and a great guy to work with .	priced	positive
rice was a little dry , beans okay .	rice	negative
rice was a little dry , beans okay .	beans	negative
great quality .	quality	positive
i will not be going back to this dentist , ever !	dentist	negative
the food ( many different selections ) was prepared very good well for everyone .	food	positive
not really conveniently located but well worth the drive .	drive	positive
the place rocks .	place	positive
the service , however , is horrible .	service	negative
gross wings do not order !	wings	negative
great food , especially the burgers .	food	positive
great food , especially the burgers .	burgers	positive
unfortunately it wo n't be on my list for a return it .	list	negative
i always bring out of town family members and they love it !	family members	positive
great tasting food .	food	positive
all in all a great place for your next chinese meal !	chinese meal	positive
mesa arts center is a treasure .	mesa	positive
i really loved this place !	place	positive
sandwiches , salads and soups .	sandwiches	positive
sandwiches , salads and soups .	salads	positive
sandwiches , salads and soups .	soups	positive
it 's absolute art .	art	positive
the store is well set up .	store	positive
the atmosphere is fun and family oriented .	atmosphere	positive
i recommended this place to my friends !	place	positive
great adjustment and massage .	adjustment	positive
great adjustment and massage .	massage	positive
the snack menu offers good variety and quality food .	snack menu	positive
the snack menu offers good variety and quality food .	food	positive
the staff loves the animals , that 's a given .	staff	positive
the staff loves the animals , that 's a given .	animals	positive
its a dive bar for sure , but very comfortable and safe .	dive bar	positive
cost , with gratuity was $ _num_ each .	cost	negative
and the sweet potato fries are lightly breaded , just right .	sweet potato fries	positive
needless to say , i am exploring other options for my caffeine fix ... .	caffeine	positive
im in az all the time and now have my new spot .	spot	positive
hands down one of the best burritos i 've ever had .	burritos	positive
plus , no side veggies , no bread , nothing .	side veggies	negative
plus , no side veggies , no bread , nothing .	bread	negative
lovely ambience and a menu that can not be beat .	ambience	positive
lovely ambience and a menu that can not be beat .	menu	positive
we had a great meal .	meal	positive
internet is abysmal and spotty .	internet	negative
great bed .	bed	positive
it was definitely not thin crust , but it tasted pretty good .	crust	negative
my friends , something truly exceptional happened at this dd .	dd	positive
both entrees looked really tasty and they both were happy with their choices .	entrees	positive
wait staff is always pleasant and professional .	wait staff	positive
servers were super fast with refills .	servers	positive
they have great chips and salsa and nachos too .	chips	positive
they have great chips and salsa and nachos too .	nachos	positive
place was also very clean .	place	positive
they go an extra mile for customers of all ages .	customers	positive
i sincerely appreciate great customer service and that is exactly what we received tonight .	customer service	positive
the service was mediocre .	service	negative
amazing food ... good service ... unique menu .	food	positive
amazing food ... good service ... unique menu .	service	positive
amazing food ... good service ... unique menu .	menu	positive
the atmosphere is comfortable and upscale .	atmosphere	positive
food was n't great , either ( we barely touched half of it ) .	food	negative
the crew was knowledgeable and entertaining .	crew	positive
buyer beware .	buyer	negative
service was pretty good and wait times were accurate .	service	positive
service was pretty good and wait times were accurate .	wait times	positive
i got the chorizo and bean dip !	chorizo and bean dip	positive
very expensive place , do n't waste your money there .	place	negative
free refills on coffee and attentive service with great prices !	coffee	positive
free refills on coffee and attentive service with great prices !	service	positive
free refills on coffee and attentive service with great prices !	prices	positive
very good pizza -- exceptional crust .	pizza	positive
very good pizza -- exceptional crust .	crust	positive
i love their teriyaki rice bowls .	teriyaki rice bowls	positive
i should n't have a better selection at home .	selection	negative
i love tiffany .	tiffany	positive
the taco meet had amazing flavor .	taco meet	positive
the street tacos are really good as well .	street tacos	positive
service was good but the food was extremely lacking .	service	positive
service was good but the food was extremely lacking .	food	negative
i tried to make it easy by paying sticker price .	sticker price	negative
we thoroughly enjoyed our lunch and stayed for almost and hour .	lunch	positive
the eggplant parm is very tasty .	eggplant parm	positive
best bike shop i 've been to in phoenix !	bike shop	positive
i highly recommend this bar and grill !	bar	positive
i highly recommend this bar and grill !	grill	positive
the food was not much better .	food	negative
the band was great and encouraged everyone to dance and have a good time !	band	positive
unfortunately my take - out order really did n't hit the mark .	take	negative
best breakfast in scottsdale !	breakfast	positive
phil is an awesome tailor .	tailor	positive
soggy bread on all the sandwiches .	bread	negative
soggy bread on all the sandwiches .	sandwiches	negative
it 's very clean , friendly staff , and consistently awesome thin crust pizza .	staff	positive
these guys are good !	guys	positive
always fast service .	service	positive
our server came across rude and uninterested .	server	negative
the scottsdale plaza sucks !	scottsdale plaza	negative
panang curry - the flavor was ok but it was too watery .	panang curry	negative
panang curry - the flavor was ok but it was too watery .	flavor	negative
there are more reputable car washes close .	car washes	negative
i found the general manager , jeff , to be very professional .	general manager	positive
i really needed this massage and felt absolutely wonderful when i left !	massage	positive
very chill vibe , get your drink on and get on with your night .	vibe	positive
very chill vibe , get your drink on and get on with your night .	drink	positive
the pharmacy lost my moms time sensitive prescription after it had been processed .	pharmacy	negative
the pharmacy lost my moms time sensitive prescription after it had been processed .	prescription	negative
the good reviews are long gone .	reviews	positive
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .	uni blocks	negative
really good food , apparently this is a long time we 'll known place .	food	positive
the shaved ice here is amazing .	shaved ice	positive
dryers do n't dry half the time .	dryers	negative
this is the worst place to live .	place	negative
nice car .	car	positive
so here 's your survey : your ed has gone downhill .	survey	positive
so here 's your survey : your ed has gone downhill .	ed	positive
my pedicure looks awesome !	pedicure	positive
here we are today -- _num_ days later and still a broken pool system .	pool system	negative
and another thing ... ... slow slow slow service .	service	negative
and the service was excellent , too .	service	positive
very crisp crust and plenty of toppings on top .	crust	positive
very crisp crust and plenty of toppings on top .	toppings	positive
and $ _num_ for chips and guacamole ?	chips	positive
and $ _num_ for chips and guacamole ?	guacamole	positive
very bad customer service .	customer service	negative
cant beat the price .	price	positive
great personality , great skill as a barber !	barber	positive
even the personal size is plenty big for a great price !	personal size	positive
even the personal size is plenty big for a great price !	price	positive
the servers are capable and friendly .	servers	positive
a great place to meet up with friends and chill .	place	positive
i gave two stars because the service was horrible .	service	negative
best tzatziki sauce around !	tzatziki sauce	positive
it was my first time here and i loved this restaurant .	restaurant	positive
this dish is fantastic .	dish	positive
the perfect place to go after a night of drinking !	place	positive
the perfect place to go after a night of drinking !	drinking	positive
great service got there when they opened and hardly anyone was there .	service	negative
it was more like a ground beef nugget burger .	ground beef nugget burger	negative
no matter what the cause is , i will not return .	cause	negative
still one of the better places in town .	places	positive
best dive bar in old town !	dive bar	positive
spinach chicken is also delicious .	spinach chicken	positive
the views are unbeatable and perfect setting tucked into paradise valley .	views	positive
the views are unbeatable and perfect setting tucked into paradise valley .	setting	positive
this is the best paint you can buy for your house .	paint	positive
this is the best paint you can buy for your house .	house	positive
this place was disgusting and should be shut down for so many reasons .	place	negative
way back when , we looked into destination weddings with a aaa az branch .	destination weddings	positive
the guys who work there are always very nice and helpful .	guys	positive
robert was the best salesperson i have dealt with .	salesperson	positive
service is garbage .	service	negative
the place is decorated like a claim jumper .	place	positive
i did not move forward with scheduling the installation .	installation	negative
the lady was very nice on the phone and they got my order exactly .	lady	positive
i also had an iced americano that was really good .	iced americano	positive
another pleased customer !	customer	positive
not a great subway .	subway	negative
i tried _num_ different beer styles here and all of them were very subpar .	beer styles	negative
the skin care shop is extremely reasonably priced and has great selection .	skin care shop	positive
kona is great for happy hour !	kona	positive
i pulled out $ _num_ , and handed the driver $ _num_ .	driver $	positive
my husband had the cowboy burger and it was huge and delicious .	cowboy burger	positive
tempura shrimp , huge !	tempura shrimp	positive
the rest of the food was very mediocre and room temperature .	food	negative
third problem , horrible parking !	parking	negative
the guy brian is so rude .	guy brian	negative
there are some tvs to watch the game as well .	game	positive
all in all , very good pizza .	pizza	positive
honest good people !	people	positive
however , this place was especially good .	place	positive
by sitting with other parties at the same table we met new people .	table	negative
i 'll be picking up that cake for thanksgiving .	cake	positive
nice clean facility and easy yo get an appointment .	facility	positive
cc always has it 's own twist on offerings .	offerings	positive
the manager apologized and said she would take my meal off of our ticket .	manager	negative
the manager apologized and said she would take my meal off of our ticket .	meal	negative
rude customer service !	customer service	negative
breakfast buffets do not require much in the way of table service .	breakfast buffets	positive
breakfast buffets do not require much in the way of table service .	table service	negative
quite possibly the best in the valley !	valley	positive
would recommend to anyone wanting an ice cream treat in old town !	ice cream treat	positive
this is a great oriental food market .	oriental food market	positive
the food was quick tasty and correct .	food	positive
excellent service at a fair price .	service	positive
excellent service at a fair price .	price	positive
i wish they had better management , because the food itself is decent .	management	negative
i wish they had better management , because the food itself is decent .	food	positive
the pizza is great .	pizza	positive
so glad we found this place !	place	positive
also the fries are soo good !	fries	positive
i am experiencing horrible maintenance and front desk management support .	maintenance	negative
i am experiencing horrible maintenance and front desk management support .	front desk management	negative
this place gives scottsdale a bad name for quality restaurants .	restaurants	negative
so that makes it comes down to the customer service .	customer service	positive
this is the best animal hospital that we have ever been .	animal hospital	positive
not even a message on the voicemail that said they were n't open ... .	voicemail	negative
girlfriend wanted mexican food and not just a regular run to taco bell .	mexican food	positive
is theater etiquette a thing of the past ?	theater etiquette	positive
what an amazing massage !	massage	positive
it tasted like dirt .	dirt	negative
the office is clean , and the staff is amazing .	office	positive
the office is clean , and the staff is amazing .	staff	positive
fast service , reasonably priced , very clean and great atmosphere .	service	positive
fast service , reasonably priced , very clean and great atmosphere .	priced	positive
fast service , reasonably priced , very clean and great atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
not a good sign .	sign	negative
i 'm not sure i would have felt that way ... upstairs .	upstairs	negative
so there you have it , even the beer was disappointing !	beer	negative
enjoyed a very nice evening there with a special lady .	lady	positive
best sushi i 've had on the west coast .	sushi	positive
the food was very tasty .	food	positive
this place is just great .	place	positive
very good italian food with generous portions .	italian food	positive
very good italian food with generous portions .	portions	positive
nice setting with such a family atmosphere .	setting	positive
nice setting with such a family atmosphere .	atmosphere	positive
this was a fun and delicious dinner to celebrate a birthday .	dinner	positive
love this place , short wait on a sunday .	place	positive
love this place , short wait on a sunday .	wait	positive
never buy lv !	lv	positive
the calamari was boring and plain and just disappointing .	calamari	negative
the food here is fantastic !	food	positive
ok , i am a big breakfast fan , trust me .	breakfast	positive
happy hour rocks - the food and drink menu 's get better and better .	food	positive
happy hour rocks - the food and drink menu 's get better and better .	drink menu	positive
he says no , your reserved seating is inside here .	reserved seating	negative
each time , my miso soup was barely warm , and not very flavorful .	miso soup	negative
bread was burned and sauce tasted like cold tomato soup !	bread	negative
bread was burned and sauce tasted like cold tomato soup !	sauce	negative
bread was burned and sauce tasted like cold tomato soup !	cold tomato soup	negative
this place is a mess .	place	negative
absolutely delicious and the waitress was a sweetheart .	waitress	positive
good ambience .	ambience	positive
simply an amazing place .	place	positive
food and prices are fantastic !	food	positive
food and prices are fantastic !	prices	positive
the manager ran my credit card and gave me a receipt .	manager	positive
best pharmacy in town !	pharmacy	positive
very happy with the service !	service	positive
the portions are large and the coffee is good .	portions	positive
the portions are large and the coffee is good .	coffee	positive
the food is some of the best in cactus league .	food	positive
definitely an `` older '' crowd .	crowd	negative
the specialty rolls are really unique and tasty .	specialty rolls	positive
it 's a beautiful setting !	setting	positive
our food arrived and it was nothing special either .	food	negative
my salad was equally terrible .	salad	negative
we loved everything about this place .	place	positive
the place screams `` i ca n't be bothered '' with customers .	place	positive
the place screams `` i ca n't be bothered '' with customers .	customers	negative
love this place , great happy hour and wings are yummy .	place	positive
love this place , great happy hour and wings are yummy .	wings	positive
had the coconut iced coffee which was delicious and huge .	coconut iced coffee	positive
an incredible place .	place	positive
lots of activities , clean facilities , great pools & hot tubs .	facilities	positive
lots of activities , clean facilities , great pools & hot tubs .	pools	positive
lots of activities , clean facilities , great pools & hot tubs .	hot tubs	positive
top dog new this ahead of time but took her anyway .	top dog	negative
employees are rude and very slow .	employees	negative
on my last visit here , i ordered a chocolate dipped waffle cone .	chocolate dipped waffle cone	positive
great service and amazing product !	service	positive
great service and amazing product !	product	positive
i tried to go beyond that and ordered _num_ different dishes .	dishes	negative
recently had dinner at the persian room .	dinner	positive
recently had dinner at the persian room .	persian room	positive
fifth , the food was not good .	food	negative
we are truly amazed by his talent and passion for music .	music	positive
i would book your stay elsewhere .	stay	positive
you can not split up your wings in the multiple flavors .	wings	negative
you can not split up your wings in the multiple flavors .	flavors	negative
i know i will keep coming back for their scrambled eggs !	scrambled eggs	positive
well , i 've had better pizza at chuck e cheese .	pizza	positive
i will not return to that venue !	venue	negative
drinks are always made perfectly , each and every time .	drinks	positive
oh yeah and i forgot to mention the pancakes .	pancakes	negative
perfect for a date night or family gathering .	date night	positive
perfect for a date night or family gathering .	family	positive
love , love , love this place .	place	positive
my boyfriend loves their coffee and i love their hummus !	coffee	positive
my boyfriend loves their coffee and i love their hummus !	hummus	positive
again , the same stinky smell followed me home through the order .	smell	negative
they have awesome ice cream , shakes , floats , etc !	ice cream	positive
they have awesome ice cream , shakes , floats , etc !	shakes	positive
they have awesome ice cream , shakes , floats , etc !	floats	positive
they always do a great job , on time and for the price quoted .	price	positive
solid bar food , just be aware it is a very small place .	bar food	negative
solid bar food , just be aware it is a very small place .	place	negative
this is a small restaurant tucked away in a strip mall of all places .	strip mall	positive
i love starbucks so this is one of my favorite places to go .	starbucks	positive
also the cash only bar was a terrible surprise .	cash only bar	negative
the gift shop has many reasonably priced souvenirs .	gift shop	positive
the gift shop has many reasonably priced souvenirs .	priced souvenirs	positive
